Say , Jim , how about going for a few beers after dinner ?
What do you mean ? It will help us to relax .
I guess you are right.But what shall we do ? I don't feel like sitting at home .
That's a good idea . I hear Mary and Sally often go there to play pingpong.Perhaps we can make a foursome with them .
Good.Let ' s go now .
Can you do push-ups ?
Really ? I think that's impossible !
Yeah !
Can you study with the radio on ?
What is the difference ?
Are you all right ?
Don't worry.He is an acrobat 。
Hey John , nice skates . Are they new ?
What position do you play ?
Yeah , you ’ re a pretty big guy . I play goalie , myself .
The Rockets .
Hey Lydia , what are you reading ?
What are you talking about ? Let me see that ... What are horoscopes ?
January 5th .
That ’ s bogus . I don't feel any stress at work , and my love life is practically nonexistent . This zodiac stuff is all a bunch of nonsense .
Well , you certainly match those criteria , but they ’ re so broad they could apply to anyone . What does it say about me ?
Frank ’ s getting married , do you believe this ?
Yes , he is . He loves the girl very much .
A girl he met on holiday in Spain , I think .
I hear you bought a new house in the northern suburbs .
What kind of house is it ?
Oh , I love the roof tiles on Spanish style houses .
Great , is it a two bedroom house ?
That ’ s a nice area too . It ’ ll be a good investment for you .
Not untill the end of this year , you know , just before my wedding .
Hi , Becky , what's up ?
What's the problem ?
For example ?
No , I can't see that happening . I know you're a good cook and nothing like that would ever happen .
My mother-in-law used to do the same thing to us . If it wasn't disciplining them enough , then we were disciplining them too much . She also complained about the food we fed them , the schools we sent them too , and everything else under the sun .
We basically sat her down and told her how we felt about her constant criticizing , and how we welcomed her advice but hoped she'd let us do our things . She understood , and now everything is a lot more peaceful .
How are Zina's new programmers working out ?
So you'll make the Stars.com deadline , and have us up and running next week ?
Good . After Stars.com starts paying us , we won't need Vikam's cash anymore .
Do you like cooking ?
Why do you like it ?
That's wonderful !
Really ? I hope I can have a chance to taste it . Don't forget to tell me .
Anyone home ? Jen !
Wow ! You're really working up a storm !
You look so tan and healthy !
How was it ?
Like what ?
I ’ m so jealous .
Diana , do you like the perfume I gave you ?
I ’ m sorry . I didn ’ t know that .
Ah , ah , ah ...
Jog ?
Walk ?
Oh no .
Oh , dear .
Oh no .
Dance class ! I don't know how .
Hi Bill , I saw your grandma yesterday .
I was running around the track at my college and there she was walking around the same track .
Well , it pays off for her.How old is she anyway ?
I would like to register for a class today .
I would very much enjoy taking a Psychology class.Because I'm crazy .
Which days are these classes on ?
What about the other class ?
Are you sure there are no more open classes ?
Sign me up for Monday and Wednesday .
Dad , why are you taping the windows ?
Really ? Wow , I don't have to go to school tomorrow .
Hi , my name is Lean , and I'm from Russia .
To me English is a difficult language .
True , but English is harder than most . It's a crazy language .
One letter can have several pronunciations and one word can have several meanings .
Can I help you ?
I'll certainly try to help you . What topic is your paper on ?
There are several possible sources you might use for that topic . I suggest you use the computer and the computer will give you a list of every scientific journal that talks about children and television .
Here ’ s your hot dog and beer . What happened ? Did I miss anything ?
What ’ s the score ?
So Baltimore is winning ?
This is a really great place to watch a baseball game .
The fans are great here , too . Not like in Philadelphia .
How do you like the pizza here ?
Do you have a light ?
I was scared stiff of giving my first performance .
Excuse me . Could you please take a picture of us with this camera ?
This one .
No , this is a focus-free camera . All you have to do is point and press the button .
Every country should face the history .
Sometimes , we , human beings , really had done something wrong , so we should admit it at first .
Do you like traveling , Kathy ?
Or getting stuck in traffic jams when you ’ re driving .
Your house is too small . Why not buy a big one .
You can get a loan from the bank . You know LPF program provides low cost loans for participants home purchases .
How do you do , Prof.Smith .
Thank you . I begin to like English even when I was a child .
At school , in China.This is my first time to be out of my own country .
Do you want black or white coffee ?
Look ! there's a Folk concert tomorrow evening . Do you Want to go ?
What kind of music do you like ?
Not very much . Classical music sends me to sleep
It ’ s true .
What do you like to do in your spare time ?
Do you have any hobbies besides playing chess ?
Do you have any hobbies like playing tennis or things like that ?
Can you tell me why you like it ?
Where is John ? I can't find him anywhere .
What ? Beg your pardon .
Can I help you ?
I'll certainly try to help you.What topic is your paper on ?
There are several possible sources you might use for that topic . I suggest you use the computer and the computer will give you a list of every scientific journal that talks about children and television .
Hey , Ted . What are you up to this Friday ?
That ’ s great ! Do you have any plans ?
Sounds nice .
Can I stop by ?
You honestly believe the world ’ s improving every year ?
I don ’ t think you ’ re right there .
I don ’ t believe that .
I agree with you in the sense . But we ’ re all more miserable than ever , aren ’ t we ?
What do you plan to do for your birthday ?
How about a party at home ? That way we can get together and celebrate it .
How may I help you ?
Is that all you need ?
Is that all you would like to check out ?
Do you have your library card ?
Make sure to take proper care of this video .
If you damage the video , you will be fined .
What's the matter with you then ? You look miserable .
What do you mean by us .
That's right .
I ... I ... I miss my parents , also they miss me .
You mean I am groaned a few words ?
Hi , Mary . You look pale today . What's the matter with you ?
You'd better take some medicine and have a good rest . I hope you'll be yourself pretty soon .
I feel like going for a drink , it's been a long day .
How about the new bar across road ?
I agree , I had lunch there last week .
Could you tell me the right time , please ?
You have to go and fix it .
does your family have a record of your ancestors ?
do you have a copy of your family tree in your house ? I ’ d love to see it .
that ’ s amazing . Do you have a large extended family ?
are you very close to your first-cousins ?
I see . who ’ s the head of your household ?
that ’ s interesting . What does your grandfather think of your step-mother ?
Hi , Mr . Wang . Do you feel like going boating with me ?
How about tomorrow afternoon ?
At the gate of the park .
See you then .
I hear that you've been to the Saikei Ski Resort for the weekend . Did you enjoy it ?
Isn't there any coach to teach you how to ski ?
Could you move smoothly ?
What happened afterwards ?
You look pale recently .
Take good care of yourself .
Hey , Maggy , Did you hear about David ?
You know , about David and his new boss .
Well , I heard David has been fired .
how do you usually get to school ?
I feel that I can see more when I pedal a bicycle , but when I feel lazy , I drive my car .
I agree , but I would find it difficult to stop using my car . It's just so convenient .
do you have a car ?
maybe if I sold my car now , I wouldn't be so tempted to use it .
that's true . Every month , I spend hundreds of dollars on gas , insurance , and repairs .
I could stand to lose a few pounds . Having a car has made me lazy . I never end up walking anywhere !
What's wrong with him ?
What are you going to do for one year abroad , Tom ?
You are going to take courses ?
Sounds hard .
Won ’ t you get lonely ?
Isn't this lovely weather ? Will you help me water the flowers , Jack ?
I do.We haven't watered them for quite a few days .
Good.So we don't have to work.How nice !
Why ?
On , darn . The grocery store is closed .
Alright . We are out of everything .
I know , our schedules are so weird . Sometimes , the little corner store is the only thing within walking distance that ’ s open when we get home .
Do you think they two will get married ?
I think so.Yes , they get along so well .
Dad , where are we off to ?
Where are we going to have a drink ?
Yes ?
Good . I will have hot chocolate .
When crossing the road you must always pay attention to what's around you .
I am not sure . We will ask for directions in the coffee shop .
How about going to the cinema tonight ?
I am not sure about the name of the film , but I know it's a romantic one .
Don't you think it's too bloody ?
I feel so uncomfortable .
No . The teacher is dragging the chalk over the blackboard . It set my teeth on edge .
I have made up my mind . I am getting a tattoo .
Yeah ! Why not ? They are trendy and look great ! I want to get a dragon on my arm or maybe a tiger on my back .
Really ?
Oh , I didn ’ t know that ! I thought they just paint it on your skin or something .
Excuse me , what's the screen near your steering wheel for ?
Oh , that's new to me . So what's on everyday ?
Is there anything interesting ?
I agree . Are there any commercials on the TV ?
That makes a lot of sense . Does the TV work well ?
I got it . Do you pay for the programs ?
Oh , no !
Look at the view from the window .
It ’ s awful , isn ’ t it ?
What do you do in your free time , Nancy ?
Really ? How long have you been playing the violin ?
That's really interesting .
Well , I like collecting matchbox ! I'm not sure if that counts , though .
How can I tell her about this ?
There is no need to be so frustrated .
What sports do you like to play ?
How about football ?
It's a very popular game in America .
For me , it's one of those games that are fun to both watch and play .
No , I just for fun with my friends . We play two hand touch or flag football . We're too old to play tackle football .
Instead of tackling somebody , you just have to touch them with two hands , or if it is flag football , grab the flag that the ball carrier is wearing .
Exactly . We play every Saturdays on the field by the tennis courts . If you want to learn and play a little , you're welcome to join us .
Ok . I'll call you Saturday morning .
What upsets you ?
It is not your mother finding one for you ?
Perhaps you can try the three minutes date , the latest type .
No , there is an updated virgin , three minutes video date . I know an online dating website providing such service with a microphone and webcam , you can sigh for it . You can be face-to-face with a guy talking for maximum three minutes .
I think you can find out if there is a possibility of romance within the first second of meeting someone , so-called love at first sight .
Don ’ t worry . There are many other options using the internet as dating methods . Some sites operate at international standard even have got certifications . Of course , for these sites , you have to pay a membership fee . But all in all , it is more serious and professional . The chance of meeting a good and serious person who does not play games is higher .
Are you going to the party on Saturday ?
Yeah , I heard it's going to be a lot of fun .
It starts at 8
Everyone from school .
This party is going to have a DJ , food , and drinks .
So am I going to see you at the party ?
Could you talk to me for a few minutes about my grades ?
Am I failing ?
I am pretty sure that I am in trouble .
I missed a few classes ; I need to make sure I come to school on a regular basis .
I'll try ; it's hard !
Good luck on your test tomorrow . We'll be crossing our fingers for you !
I'll never ever work together with him !
Will you take my materials back from him for me ? Please !
Oh , my God ! I've been cheated !
It's a brick ! I can't believe how stupid I was . Damn it !
There was a guy on the sidewalk.He had three new boxes , Panasonic video camera boxes.He said he had to get rid of them quick .
So he said he'd sell me one for twenty dollars . A four-hundred-dollar camera for twenty bucks .
Yes .
I wanted to . But he said , no , the box is still in its plastic wrap from the store.If it's opened , other people won't believe it's new .
Yes , it was the kind of perfect plastic wrap that comes with new products.Look , it even had a bar-code price sticker on it ! It looked brand new .
He said he had to get rid of them . They were stolen .
C'mon , don't blame me ! I thought it was a new camera . We could use it.We were even thinking about buying a camera . I don't understand how he could have such a perfect-looking box .
Is the clock right ?
By how many minutes ?
Hey , Mary , what's up ?
Oh , that's exciting . What does this guy look like ? Is he hot ?
It seems you two are a good match . What qualities do you look for in a friend ?
Well , that's something I've never heard of . But if you ask me what I value most in a friend , I would say honesty .
What ’ s up ? You don ’ t look too good .
I liked physics . It ’ s all math , really . arcs , curves , velocity , cool stuff .
A physics class about the creation of the universe ? That ’ s some pretty unscientific language there . Sounds more religious to me .
Turtles ? Whatever ... Look , all that ’ s required for the creation of matter an imbalance of particles and anti-particles . At least , that ’ s what the math says .
There is evidence ! You know Edwin Hubble ? He ’ s the guy who in the early twentieth century was the first scientist to measure the drift of matter in the universe , thus advancing notions of an expanding universe . What would it be expanding from ? Well , the Big Bang ... DUH !
Today more and more people advocate lifelong learning . But people have different views about lifelong learning . How do you understand lifelong learning ?
Does that mean studying all the time ?
Then the axiom - ' You can't teach an old dog new tricks ' doesn't work any longer .
Yes , I agree with you . When I retired I will participate in programs to keep momentally active .
You know what ? I've recently been teaching myself French .
How old are you ?
I'm older than you ! I'll be ten on April 14th .
It smells like an ashtray in here !
What ’ s wrong ? I thought we agreed that you were gonna quit smoking .
Look , there are other ways to quit . You can try the nicotine patch , or nicotine chewing gum . We spend a fortune on cigarettes every month and now laws are cracking down and not allowing smoking in any public place . It ’ s not like you can just light up like before .
Why are you shivering ?
It seems that you get antsy when you hear I praise another guy .
How come you think of him that way ?
I have no reason to distrust him . He's never caused any harm .
Nothing smells a rat . I told you that he's an all-right guy .
Cheese ! It tastes like cardboard .
Have you signed up to join the company ’ s Christmas party ?
I will . You know , as a newcomer , I think it might be a good opportunity to get to know people from the other departments of our company in a more relaxed atmosphere .
I hope that it is not a formal one when the boss is there .
If the weatherman's predictions are accurate , it should rain tomorrow .
hi , Emily , do you know that guy over there ?
He is cute.What dose he do ?
Really ? Are you going to introduce us ?
You didn't ring me last night . You said you would .
That's all right . But why were you so rude to me at lunch .
And why are you yarning now ? Are you bored ?
Hi , Nicole . Did you have a good weekend ?
Really ? Why ?
And I bet you studied , too .
Well , I didn't clean the house and I didn't study . I stayed in bed and watched TV .
There will be a parade to celebrate National Day this weekend .
From Zhongshan Circus to City Bank .
Excuse me . I'm afraid you're in my seat . You've moved my books .
You must have realized somebody was here .
What ’ s the life expectancy in your country ?
About 70 , I think . This newspaper article talks about the problems of an aging population . It ’ s a problem that will soon affect most of the world .
Perhaps we need to have more babies ! Tina gave birth to a baby boy yesterday .
How ’ s your son these days ?
He ’ ll be a teenager before you know it ! Teenagers are often rebellious ! When do you mine it is a good age to have a child ?
Yes , I think you ’ re right . I ’ m thinking about having a child , but not just yet .
Yes , there is . Teenagers do not want to live traditional lives . They want to go out , have fun , and explore the world . They want to develop their own view of life . Parents usually try to discourage them , but they don ’ t often succeed .
I'm going to Japan this year on vacation .
No , but I'd really like to .
Hey , Mark , long time no see .
Great . I just got back from a week's vacation in Thailand .
Fantastic ! I didn't want to come back .
They are . And not only that the people are friendly , but also the food is delicious , not to mention cheap .
Not much . I've got enough city life in Beijing .
Hey , wouldn't it be great if we could go to Thailand together sometime ?
Could I see the manager please ? I have a complaint to make .
Did you have the room checked before we move in ?
1808 . The toilet doesn ’ t work properly , the water doesn ’ t run in the shower .
Congratulations , Vivian . You won the grand prize , again .
You did ? How ? Did you wear red underwear again this year ?
Tell me ! Tell me ! What's your secret ? !
We are going to the concert this evening . Will you join us .
Why not ?
You'v been work here for nearly a month , how do you feel about the job ?
I had the same feeling when I first came to work here . but after a period of time , I feel better , I am sure you ' ll get used to this busy job .
You know the phrase , the survival the fittest . We have no choices .
The music is on.May I have the pleasure to dance with you ?
Excuse me , is this seat taken ?
Thanks a lot .
Yes I do . How about you ?
You can say that again ! It's much more modern than people imagine . Where are you from ?
Look at this headline , Soo Mi .
Is it the same in Korea ?
Do people get married young ?
Hmm . Do women usually work after they get married ?
Boy ! What a beauty ! I fall in love with her at the first sight .
Of course.No girl is more charming .
Excuse me.Where do I register ?
Is that the large , white building ?
How was your education going on in Australia ?
Where are you going to work then , in Australia or back in China ?
Why are you choosing to leave a foreign country ? Many people are reluctant to leave the superior living environment abroad .
Do you have any particular hobbies , Tom ?
I hear many teenagers will spend hours and hours sitting at computers . And they don't care about their own health at all . How about you ?
You won't play online games full of violence , will you ?
It's no good . And I think spending several hours each day playing computer games is a waste of time . You might as well do something healthy and meaningful .
What ’ s the plot of your new movie ?
Did you enjoy making the movie ? We heard stories of disagreement with other actors and with the director .
Critics are not very happy with the movies that you ’ Ve made recently . Does that bother you ?
Did you do you own stunts in the movie ?
Thank you very much for doing this interview .
Who's that old lady trimming the trees ?
She's looks very healthy.How old is she ?
Mom . My legs are killing me .
Oh , man . I had the best supper last night . My wife made a stir-fry and it was amazing !
Well , you can keep the vegetables , I ’ ll take the meat . The stir fry my wife made was really hearty , with chunks of beef and slivers of bell peppers and onion ...
What did you say ?
Well , I feel a little tired .
Then can you wait a few minutes ? I want to finish writing this letter .
I won't be long . No more than ten minutes . Why don't you go ahead and I'll meet you in the park ?
Thank god you showed up when you did ! He ’ s insane ! Do you think we should call the police ?
I know ! Well ... he said I ’ m not pregnant . I ’ m sorry if I got you all worked up over nothing . I want you to know that I didn ’ t do it on purpose ...
Just hold me ... I ’ ll always be here for you , no matter what . And together , we can tackle whatever life throws at us . I believe in us , steven .
Zina , can I talk to you about something personal ?
My boyfriend says I work too much . That I spend more time with you than with him .
He said not to bother coming back . And I said , fine , I won't .
Mary , how was your date with john ?
oh , really . That is great news . What does he look like ?
sounds like he is pretty cute . What do you think of him ?
oh , it's love at first sight . When will you see each other again ?
maybe he is busy with his work . Just wait and try not to think about it too much !
come on , Mary , you're a total catch . I bet he will call you . Don't worry .
Hi , Francis , how was your business trip ?
What ’ s up ?
Sounds quite fruitful , why do you call it still a nightmare then ?
This is really a sad story . Did they trace back your luggage ?
So the company decided to cancel your trip to Hong Kong ?
Maybe it's a good things . If you don't have to go to Hong Kong , you can take a break and take things easy for a while .
Which pair of jeans do you like best ?
But they aren't very fashionable . What about these ?
That's the style ! You just wear boxers .
You're so old fashioned ! Nobody is going to pull down your pants !
Hi , Charles . What's the matter ?
Do you have a ride home ?
That's good . Do you live near here ?
I live downtown , with my parents .
I don't need a car . I walk to work .
Happy anniversary , sweetheart !
I'll drink to that . Thanks for making this a night worth remembering .
That's good to know . Oh , listen ! The band's playing our song .
What do you plan to do for your birthday ?
How about a party at home ? That way we can get together and celebrate it .
How about seconds , Victor ?
Why don't you have dinner with me tonight ?
Let's say about 6:00 ?
Cigarette ?
Sorry , here .
I ’ ll stand in with you if you like . I ’ Ve got nothing else to do .
Hi Rose , what are you busy with right now ?
Well , Rose .
Are your free this weekend ?
Great , Is it convenient if i visit you this weekend ?
I'd like to call on you this weekend . I just want to a drop in for a chat .
Is 5 PM . Saturday a good time for you ?
Sure , that would be great . I'll bring the wine .
How do you shoot pool ?
And ?
How do you know whether you should hit the solid or the striped one ?
Can I get the black ball in ?
How about going to hear a country-and-western singer tonight ?
I'll pick you up around 8: 00 .
The mosquitos are biting me !
Do you have any bug spray ?
Then we ’ ll have to put up with it .
That ’ s without a doubt , the best idea you ’ Ve had ! Let ’ s do it !
Stop running around in front of the TV , will you ? Why don't you just sit and watch ?
Then stay away . No one is keeping you from doing that .
All right , I will explain it to you later on . Now scram .
Okay , can I ask you something direct ?
Fair enough . Give it to me straight . Did she bully you into this ?
I tell ya , when I got the invite , it really threw me for a loop . You've done a complete 180 .
My daughter plans to quit her present job and wants to find another . She says she wants to get a better job with higher pay .
But what about settling down to start a family ? Doesn't anyone want to get married any more ?
What time is the right moment ?
Please excuse me , but I really have to be going .
Excuse me . Is this seat taken ?
What do you think of the coming match ?
What would you reckon the taxing increases ?
But what do most people think about it ?
are you still coming to my place for dinner tomorrow night ?
yes , I was just wondering how you and your roommate were planning on coming to my place .
that's what I thought you would do . Listen , I live in a bit of a rough neighborhood . It's just down the street from all the bars . You probably don't want to be walking around after dark .
I wish it wasn't , but there is actually a lot of crime and prostitution around here .
do me a favor , and take a taxi . It'd make me feel a lot better .
when I first moved in , I walked everywhere . But within a week , I had my purse stolen — just a block away from the police station ! Now , I always take public transportation .
nothing else has happened to me , but I have seen quite a few fights on the streets after the bars close .
Jack wonders whether Linda likes him or not .
He is too scared to ask her .
I don't understand why some parents keep beefing and complaining about their daughters not being able to follow suit .
If I were Li Na , I would ask her if she had done that .
Where is John ? I can't find him anywhere .
What ? Beg your pardon .
What do you need ?
You have your library card , right ?
There is a wait right now to use the computers .
Would you please write your name on this list ?
I will call you when a computer is free .
Use the number on the back of your library card .
What a nice tie you are wearing !
Certainly.It matches your suit perfectly .
Yes.You look very smart today .
What do you make of the case ?
What do you mean by saying so ?
Oh , yeah ?
Happy Mother's Day , Mom !
Of course I should have ! You certainly deserve them ! You put up with all of us .
I have a real problem when I meet people .
I never know when to shake hands and when not to . Can you tell me something about it ?
Oh yes . Men , women , and children shake hands all the time .
But some women do shake hands . And now a lot of children have such good manners , they shake hands too .
That sounds easy enough .
Sam , I am so sorry . It was your birthday yesterday and I completely forgot about it .
Margaret really told me off when she found out that I had forgotten all about it . We did try to phone you , but you and Jane must have gone out .
Oh , yes , I know the one . How was the food ?
Oh , no .
I would think this was the least they could do .
Great . I have also been thinking of getting one . Do you think you could ask Jane to have a quiet word with Margaret ? My birthday is not that far away .
Here's the restaurant we're meeting the Smiths at .
When do you usually go to the movies ?
The movie theater is always so crowded on the weekends . I like to go to the movies during the week .
Are you telling us a lie again ?
All right . But what was the trouble ?
I can't believe Mr . Fro didn't buy it . Who does that guy think he is anyway ? Bill Gates ?
Time to order . Balista , today I want a skinny triple latte .
I'm not . I just don't feel like drinking whole milk today . Why ? Do you think I'm fat ?
Come on , Tara . Let ’ s go up to the window and buy two tickets . The movie is starting in a few minutes .
Two tickets , please . How much are they ?
I ’ m looking forward to this film . I read a good review of it in this morning ’ s newspaper .
Are these seats okay ?
Do you often buy magazines ?
Why don ’ t you find the information on the internet instead ?
Do you have an online edition of that magazine ?
Do you have a subscription ?
Mumm . Those burgers smell great . It's perfect day for a barbecue .
Oh , hi ! I'm Barbara Johnson . Nice to meet you .
Barbara . But please , just call me Barb .
I'm studying medicine .
At Harvard . What about you ?
Oh , are you ? That sounds interesting .
Wow ! I can't believe I'm standing here !
I'm standing in front of an exquisite work of art !
I've seen it so many times in books , but I never imagined I'd get to see it in person .
Maybe so , but do you have any idea how much this one is worth ?
About 80 million dollars .
hey , Maris , are you a part-timer ?
oh , it ’ s pretty popular among my classmates these days . So are you ?
cool ! It must be amazing to work at a bar !
that ’ s true . I ’ m wondering did you learn anything from the job ?
you mean you got working experience , right ?
it must be very demanding .
really ? It sounds interesting .
Have you seen that house ?
You're right . I love it very much .
At least more than 100 years old .
I can't open the door .
Let me ask the old woman in that reception office .
She must be deaf .
Have you got any hobbies ?
Which is easier to learn ?
Jim , how was your weekend ?
That sounds like a lot of fun . Did you go swimming , too ?
I couldn ’ t agree more . That ’ s an ideal place for a vacation .
You'd better prepare for the examination .
You should change your attitude , or you will not pass the course .
It is high time you have a talk with him . That may help clear the mists .
If I were you , I would put the whole matter on the table .
What is the correct time , please ?
When will the lecture begin ?
Should I ask Sara to the party ?
If he promised to help you , I'm sure he will help . He's a man of his word .
We're having a sixties party next week . Do you want to come ?
You come dressed in anything from the sixties .
Check out your mom's closet . I'll bet she still has something .
That will be great ! Do you have LPs or Cds ?
I want to improve my handwriting , and I've practiced it for several weeks , but nothing happened . You see , my handwriting is still bad .
I know it , but I don't know when I can make it better .
Yeah , you are right . I must stop complaining and stick to it every day .
I ’ m so excited , mother . Oh , a new baby !
And my first nephew . He looks a lot like you , mum . He does .
Yes , he does have Richard ’ s eyes . The baby even looks like you than Richard does .
It ’ s true . Michelle is a lot like Henry in so many ways . And she is shy with new people just like he is .
The music has started .
It's very nice .
Certainly .
Do you speak only English in the class , or does your teacher explain everything to you in Spanish ?
I suppose she's right . Does she speak English very slowly ?
It must be interesting to study English .
Is English pronunciation easy or difficult ?
Doris , I'm glad you're home . I'm terrified . I don't know what to do !
I think someone is stalking me .
I don't know . I saw him the first time Tuesday . He was at the cafe . I noticed he was looking at me a lot . Not just the usual looking , but staring.He just kept staring at me . He didn't stop .
I didn't do anything . Finally , he left.But then I saw him again today . Outside the shoe store . Near the cafe . I went into a CD store and pretended I was looking at CD's . But then he came in too .
Yes . Then I noticed he was on the sidewalk behind me . He was following me .
He followed me all the way home !
Yes , he was . I'm not imagining it.Finally , just when I got home , I turned around and looked at him.He was just standing there . He didn't smile . He just stood there . It was so obvious.What should I do ? I'm so scared . Can I call the police ?
Why can't I call the police now ? He was definitely following me !
I suppose . What can they do ? I don't even know who he is .
Han Maimed , What's your plan for the weekend ?
I get together with my Christian brothers on Saturdays .
Come on , Han Maimed , don ’ t make a fuss . A lot of Americans , including many scientists , believe in religion .
Yes , they are compatible . Actually , the U . S . is both the most developed and the most religious country in the world .
That ’ s a little complicated . You ’ ll get to know it when you are acquainted with the U . S . history later on . Religion was and is a part of American people ’ s life . Guess what ? Even Harvard University , which is a highly academic institution , is in a sense the product of religion .
Absolutely ! It was founded by a group of Puritan immigrants from England .
Because most of the first English immigrants who came to the United States were Puritans .
That ’ s because in the 16th and 17th century , there was a series of religious reforms in England . Many religious separatists were persecuted and fled to other countries .
Yes , that's why Puritans moved to the New World , where they believed they could establish a heaven for Puritans . Later on , it was these Puritans who founded Harvard College .
Many Puritans had received classic style of higher education in Oxford University and Cambridge University back in England . They hoped that their descendants could receive this kind of education as well .
Actually Harvard was first named ' New College ' , without a formal name .
In 1639 , it was renamed after its major benefactor John Harvard . Interestingly , JohnHarvard himself was a clergyman .
Therefore , it ’ s not exaggerate to claim that had there not been religion , there would note Harvard .
Religion has been playing an indispensible part in Harvard history as well as the U . S .
Remember that Harvard is a part of the United States . So you have to know the U . S . history and culture if you want to have in-depth knowledge of Harvard . The two are closely related .
I am not convinced by your explanation . Could you explain it ?
I can't accept your excuse . It's five o'clock .
What do you do in summer ?
I don ’ t often go for walks , but I either play sports outside-you know , tennis or badminton-or just sit in the sunshine and read a good book .
Well , I play sports indoors quite often . If I ’ m feeling lazy , I just watch a film at home . I prefer summer to winter .
Yes . I like wearing shorts in summer . My legs would freeze !
I will never forget Linda . After all , she was my first lover .
I remember that someone says that it is difficult to forget the people who don ’ t want to forget .
Could you tell me what university you want to go to , John ?
What university would you enter ?
Oh , I forget.Sorry .
Did you ? And what course did you take there ?
I've not known.Perhaps , I've got a bad memory .
I've been chosen to plan the next family reunion .
Yep . And I should start planning now .
Just about . There are at least a few hundred in our immediate family alone .
Usually it's at least five days and four nights .
Hi , my name is Lean , and I'm from Russia .
To me English is a difficult language .
True , but English is harder than most.It ' s a crazy language .
One letter can have several pronunciations and one word can have several meanings .
What did you think of the film ?
Yes , I liked it , too . Did you like the acting ?
Not really . I thought it was disappointing .
What ’ s up ? You don ’ t look too good .
I liked physics . It ’ s all math , really , arcs , curves , velocity , cool stuff .
A physics class about the creation of the universe ? That ’ s some pretty unscientific language there . Sounds more religious to me .
Turtles ? Whatever ... Look , all that ’ s required for the creation of matter an imbalance of particles and anti-particles . At least , that ’ s what the math says .
There is evidence ! You know Edwin Hubble ? He ’ s the guy who in the early twentieth century was the first scientist to measure the drift of matter in the universe , thus advancing notions of an expanding universe . What would it be expanding from ? Well , the Big Bang ... DUH !
Which film shall we see ?
Yes , I'd love to.Here is a good one , Mozart and Beethoven.It ' s on the Festival Hall.Shall we go there ?
No , I'm not hungry .
Everyone wants to be financial lose kill . You must invest your savings if you planed to retire rich . I ’ m thinking about buying stocks . It can be a good investment if I can manage well . What do you say ?
Wow , you sound very professional .
Can I borrow your suit ?
Bill , how can you hear so happy today ?
Really ? What was the matter ?
Brain Locker ? No , I don't think so . What does he look like ?
Where are you from ?
Where in China is Guangzhou ?
Well , I must be off now . I have an appointment at six .
Ok , Goodbye .
Hey ! How was your first day of class ? I ’ m in level two and I ’ m loving my class this semester ! It ’ s great being in a class of international students !
That ’ s both fortunate and unfortunate . It ’ s the United Nations in my class ! We have people from all over the world ! There are three Germans , a Pole , a Scottish , two French , an American , a Brazilian ,
Well , I think you ’ re pretty lucky actually . You ’ ll have the opportunity to learn so much about Asian culture .
Don ’ t ! Stay the course ! Your spoken Chinese will be eternally grateful . I bet you it will even surpass mine with all that practice .
Hey , I'm hungry . How about you ?
That's a great idea . Let's go to a Chinese restaurant .
Good morning , Miss Li .
I ’ m sorry that I was absent yesterday .
I feel much better now .
I ’ Ve already got it . Thanks .
Do you like flowers ?
What's your favorite flower ?
Spring is a lively season .
I admire plum blossoms very much . It seems that only it can blossom in the cold winter .
It is the symbol of laughing at hoar frost and fighting with snow . I admire the bravery of plum blossoms .
The bright people will remember it forever .
What is the weather like today ?
And the streets are covered with ice . Do you know what the temperature is today ?
It seems 10 degree below zero at least . I don't mind the cold weather , but do hate when it get slippery .
What kind of music do you like listening to ?
Yes , I do . I find it very relaxing . I often listen to Mozart or Bach in the evening after a hard day at work .
Classical music is supposed to be good for you brain . Research suggest that it makes your brain more active . Students who listen to classical music while studying perform better .
Yes . That ’ s why I listen to it in the evenings . I usually play it as background music while I ’ m cooking or doing other housework .
You can find plenty of recording on the internet too . You can listen to samples and then buy them very cheaply if you like them .
There is a new coffee shop opening up down the street .
That's right . You don't drink coffee , do you ?
What kind of things would you like to see on the menu ?
That shouldn't be too difficult . Since this is a small neighborhood , maybe they will take this suggestion .
Darling , I have news for you . Bobby and his wife , Evelyn , are going to have a baby soon .
Actually they ’ re expecting the baby to come on my birthday .
In fact , they ’ re both very excited about the coming baby . Evelyn imagines what their baby would be look like , since one parent is American and the other one is Chinese .
It ’ s still a mystery . Because Evelyn is only three-month pregnant . But she begins to take her maternity leave now .
Well , I am a regular member of this club .
Yes , membership fees vary depending on the club but usually they run into tens of thousands of dollars .
Very few , unfortunately .
Extremely good . I shot a 78 , including 5 birdies !
Ten . How did your game go ?
The concert was really great .
The singing group used to be very popular .
I have tickets to The Phantom of the Opera on Friday night . Would you like to go ?
It's at 8: 00 .
Uh , I'd like to , but I have to work late .
Is the Chinese team taking the lead ?
Japanese teams always play a dark horse .
Do you mind if I ask your friend out ?
Okay , that's good .
Harry is so down that he won't talk to anyone .
What do you mean ?
Hi , Is that David ?
Hey , what's new ?
Sorry to hear that . What happened ?
Hey , that ’ s not the girl with pink hair , is it ? The girl I saw with Jack yesterday .
Hey , she is not worth it . Forget her .
Hey , she is not worth it . Anyway , there are plenty more fish in the sea . Listen , let's go for a drink in the town . How about that ?
But you have to promise me that you are not gonna wear that face .
The one where you look like your dog just died . You have to get over her and the sooner the better .
This is a nice set of wheels . How much did the dealer charge you for this ?
Okay then , let ’ s go fast ! Whoa ! This thing can really accelerate fast .
Hey , just watch out for cops or you ’ re gonna end up in the slammer . You know you tend to go fast ?
Now watch ... some guys probably run a light and hit your car .
When's your birthday ?
Bob is getting on in years .
He looks tired all the time .
Which church do you attend ?
What ’ s the difference between this and other Churches ?
Then does that mean the other churches are corrupt ?
Do you believe that Mormons have all of it ?
Why do you really go to church ?
Sorry I was late for the meeting today . I got stuck in traffic .
Hello ! What are you reading about in the newspaper ?
People are starting to get frightened by it . Everyone will be relieved when they finally catch the murder .
There must have been some good news in the newspaper . I can ’ t believe that none of the news stories make you happy or excited .
Yes . Her parents were raising money to have her treated in the united states .
I ’ m so happy for the family ! They must be very relieved and excited about that .
Hi ! Tom . Want to go to play bowling tonight ?
Let me see . How about 6:30 at the gate of the club ?
Are there many idioms in English ?
Can you give us an example ?
What about the expression goodbye ? Is that an idiom ?
Why did the teacher criticise Myra in front of the whole class ?
Do you know where I can park ?
I want a space on campus .
Where can I find it ?
Is it full ?
When was that ?
Would it be full now ?
Have you heard of the Love Bug ?
Yes . It is one of the most harmful computer viruses in the world . People say it will break out again om Valentines ' Day this year .
Hackers are smart , and they want people to know about it .
I am confused by what he said .
I don ’ t know what he wants to do . Does he want help me or just scold me ?
Where are you going ?
What ’ s the matter ?
That ’ s too bad . How are things now ?
Want to meet for lunch this Saturday ?
What are you doing ?
What kind of volunteer work ?
Oh , yeah ?
Are the children all grown up now , Rose ?
Oh , very interesting . And what about Rita ? She was such a bright child — always reading .
Really ? And Chris ? She was a very pretty little girl .
Oh , how interesting . And what about Larry and Rocky ?
Really ? Where does he live now ?
And does Rocky drive a truck , too ?
Really ? Where does he fly ? Does he fly to other countries ?
Merry Christmas , Linda !
Linda , thank you for this wonderful Christmas dinner . I really enjoyed it .
Where's your better half ?
Look , there are some words on the fish .
For God's sake ! It's too bloody . How can people be so cruel ?
You can't prick the fish to please the sick tastes of some bloody people .
Just an animal ? But it has life too . If you want a tattoo , get one . It's your choice because you want it . But has anyone asked the fish if it wanted one ?
Who's singing in your home , Jim ?
Who's Ellie ?
Oh , I see.how old is she ?
I suppose they're playing games .
Today .
Yes .
Eighteen.Some friends are having a birthday party for me tonight.Do you want to come ?
About 6:00 .
Well , it was nice meeting you .
Sure , I'll give you a call .
I saw an interesting program on TV last night . It was about elderly people .
It said that people with a positive attitude 7 tend to live longer and happier .
And the TV program also said that physical exercise helps people deal with stress .
Did you see the information on sales for last year ? The sales review was made at our last board meeting . There's a great news for our shareholders .
We've never sold this much before , our growth this year has been phenomenal . We have captured 8 % of the market , up from last year by 120 % . Our strategy is working !
The company's performance has improved since Wallace became president . He's made our little business into a real lucrative operation . Products are selling like hotcakes .
Let's hope this stroke of good luck lasts . I hope we are over our financial difficulties for good .
What a letdown . I wanted to experience some Mafia culture firsthand .
Such a thing exists ?
Am I ? Um ... my face gets red when I walk too fast .
Did you get any rewards or honors in college ?
Did you join the Communist Party of China ( CPC ) ?
Your brand new car is so excellent . I like it very much .
Are you watching the soccer match tonight ? It must be the most exciting one in this season .
Manchester United . What about you ?
The weekend's finally here !
Yep . It's the kickoff of the barbecue season . We're invited to a grill party in the park tomorrow .
We need to buy some buns for the hot dogs and hamburgers , and I'm making potato salad .
Hi , Martin . I ’ Ve been looking for you all morning .
I want to say goodbye . I ’ m leaving for America tomorrow .
Yes .
Thank you .
Me too . I ’ ll write to you once I get settled . But I have so much to do . You might have to wait a while . But I really will write to you . I love to write letters . I think it ’ s more meaning than the emails even than the phone call .
Thank you .
You know , Taylor's been in the hospital for a couple of days .
But you're not to blame for them keeping him there .
I'm not sure , but we can find out . I bought some crosswords to keep him busy .
Did you see Ally Mabel last night ?
Yes , wasn't it funny ?
Look out ! Your tea water is running over .
Sure .
Did you see May today ?
I don't have the foggiest idea .
Yeah , especially since she got a promotion recently .
I don't think the teacher had a right to say that . The teacher was wrong to have accused her in front of the whole class .
I agree she had the right to say something , but I feel she should have done it privately .
Come on in . I am so glad you are here . We have been expecting you .
No , you are just on time . We haven ’ t really started yet .
Thank you , they ’ re beautiful . You can hang your coat over there . Try this new couch , it is so comfortable . You will love it . Want something to drink , tea , coffee , juice or Cola ?
Make yourself at home .
Steven , would you like to go dance with us tonight ?
You look so upset . What's going on ?
Oh , what a pity !
Is it that bad ? It ’ s nothing more than a game .
Oh , come on ! Failure is the mother of success . Don ’ t lose heart . I'm sure you'll succeed .
The band is pretty good . How do you like the music ?
Well , then , may I invite you for the next dance ?
Don't worry . I'm not much of a dancer myself .
You dance beautifully too .
In college . But I don't dance very often . What's your favourite dance ?
How about tango ?
Tango is my favorite . Anything but hip-hop or the foxtrot . ( the music has stopped )
My pleasure . Let's go and have a drink .
I think the biggest environment problem in my country is air pollution .
We have reduced emission of air pollutants in recent years , but cars are still a major source of them . Factories have become cleaner as stricter environment pollution law have been introduced .
I just had a terrible week .
I fell down and hurt my arm .
Then my son drove into a tree .
The dog bit the delivery boy .
And a storm blew our roof away .
I ’ m so excited , mother . Oh , a new baby !
And my first nephew . He looks a lot like you , mum . He does .
Yes , he does have Richard ’ s eyes . The baby even looks like you than Richard does .
It ’ s true . Michelle is a lot like Henry in so many ways . And she is shy with new people just like he is .
When do you go to bed usually ?
That's helpful for your health .
Have you been ever been to Disneyworld ?
The one in Florida is Disneyworld and the one in California is Disneyland , so you must have been to Disneyland .
Well , I've never been to either so I was thinking of going to Disneyworld for my honeymoon .
Some time next year . We haven't set the date yet .
Thank you . So what do you think ? Would we have a good time ?
For the most part , yes . Some of the rides are bit too scary for me , though .
Even the roller coasters that go through tunnels in the dark ?
Thanks for the advice . I'll talk to my fiance about it tonight .
Can you speak French ?
Can you understand your Spanish teacher ?
you look better today . How did your test go ?
did you pass ?
you should be . You worked really hard last night preparing for it .
you don't have to thank me . It's just a part of my job as your counsellor .
no , in fact , I was terrible at taking exams .
sure , but my teachers always encouraged me to do the best that I could and that helped me a lot . When are your final exams ?
when do you plan on studying for those exams ?
do you think that's a good idea ?
that sounds like a good idea . What are you going to do if you have any questions while you're studying ?
Can I borrow your Cds for our school dance ?
I promise I will personally guard every single one and they will come back in perfect condition .
That sounds fair . That's still cheaper than paying a band to come play for us .
Our class doesn't have enough money . We already checked into it .
Do you want to go to the beach tonight ?
I wanted to go to Malibu beach .
The water there looks so dirty .
I like the pier too , because it's beautiful at night .
It's a lot nicer , and I really like it better .
If that's okay with you .
There are so many environment problems in the world today . Do you think we can really solve them all or will destroy the world ?
We need to solve the problem of air pollution before we destroy the atmosphere . There ’ s lots of clean , modern technology , but companies in developed countries say it ’ s expensive . Developing countries put more emphasis on economic development than on environment protection .
In other parts of the world , especially in Africa , there is a problem with desertification . Climate change and over-farming are causing farmland to turn into desert . In means that people cannot grow enough food .
Have you ever thought about joining an organization committed to protecting the environment ? You could get involved with projects to improve the environment .
Kathy ! How are you ? It's been ages ! What are you doing these days ?
You're kidding ! You've always hated cooking !
When did you change your mind ?
I still can't believe it ! So , did you go to cooking school or something ?
Really ? How long did you stay there ?
And what did you do after that ?
Susan , I am inviting you and Frank to our house warming party this weekend .
Yes , Deborah and I are going to buy a new home in Woodlawn .
Well , we have always dreamed of owning our own home , but real estate 1 in this area is extremely expensive .
That ’ s a good idea if you can find employment nearby .
What can I do for you ?
What ’ s the problem ?
Have you checked the computer ?
What did it say ?
I can always borrow the book from another library .
I ’ ll make the call and contact you when it gets in .
ABC Rent-a-Car . May I help you ?
We have Volkswagen , Pinto , Plymouth and Datsun .
Twenty dollars per day for Volkswagen , Pinto and Datsun , and twenty-seven dollars for Plymouth .
There is no charge for mileage . And fill up the gas when you return the car to us as it is not included .
All right , sir . May I have your driver's license ?
Would you be willing to accompany me to the party tonight ?
Which film shall we see ?
Yes , I'd love to.Here is a good one , Mozart and Beethoven.It ' s on the Festival Hall .
No , I'm not hungry .
Spring Festival is the most important festival in China , isn't it ?
How long is the holiday ?
Do you eat any special food for the festival ?
That's interesting . I'm told the Chinese firework is very beautiful , isn't it ?
Oh , great ! I hope I can spend this Spring Festival with you here in Beijing .
I'm really sick of waiting for a bus .
But a taxi costs too much .
I feel absolutely horrible . My temperature is 41 degrees Celsius , and I've got a headache and a runny nose .
I've also got a terrible stomach-ache . Is my face still swollen ?
yes , for the most part . It doesn't feel as bad as my other ailments , anyway .
no , the burn ointment seemed to take effect right away . I think it's already healed .
I scalded on the hot coffee a few days ago .
no , but I'm sure I'll get better soon .
I took the red ones just before lunch and the white ones just after lunch .
just some water , please . Do you have any ointment for my nose ? It feels so itchy after blowing my nose so much .
that sounds good .
I haven't got enough evidence for prosecuting him .
I'm just thinking about that , but the trouble is , I don't know who is well in the know .
What are you two doing in here ?
I was sitting there giving out nametags and all of a sudden , there she was .
All these memories of prom night came back to me . I had to be alone . You remember that night ?
You're not looking happy.What ' s the matter ?
With the job ?
A good suggestion for you.You need a holiday .
What do you mean ?
You need a holiday.That ' s what's the matter .
Oh dear , Miss , you are soaked ! Wow , it's really raining heavily outside .
Well please , why don't you go ahead of me in line ? I'm in no hurry .
My pleasure Miss . Actually , could you recommend what to eat here ? I've never been here before .
Well , thanks for the suggestions .
Dad , what's the date ?
In seven days it will be Christmas Day .
So , can I buy some new shoes as a Christmas present ?
What happen , John ?
Why do you look unhappy ?
This man is your fiance , Dolly ?
He's handsome .
Do you think I should buy this now and bring it with us ?
Brooke , are you still mad ? Is your mom mad ?
It will be . And today is , too . I just talked to the airlines ...
No , they're giving us discount tickets on a honeymoon package in ...
You got it ! We'll fly there directly from Texas .
The world changes , the family changes too .
People now like a small family composed of two parents and one child .
I don't like such a family .
I like a family composed of many people . It includes grandparents , parents , aunts and uncles , and children .
What was that all about ?
Is she going to be okay ?
Is sailing fun ?
John dates her seven times a week .
I think so . Maybe he's fallen for her .
I was told my friend Joe was speaking ill of me . That's a real let-down .
Good morning , Loans .
I would like to compliment you on your diligence .
Yes . And we're proud of you , Loans .
Which countries have you been to ?
I thought you had been to Australia too .
I think I ‘ d say norway . It has many picturesque fjords , waterfalls , and mountains .
Well , the north of Norway is almost always cold , but further south it can be fairly warm in summer . It ’ s a wet country , so there ’ s snow almost everywhere in winter .
Alison , would you like to have some more ?
Actually you haven't have much .
That sounds ridiculous . Why ?
Welcome to my birthday party , I am so happy you can come .
Thank you , shall I open it now ?
Wow , a remote car model and my favorite brand . I really like it . That is so nice of you .
Did you read the news that ' China's property prices rose at the fastest pace in 18 months in December , ending the year with rising fears of bubbles in the property market ' ?
Yes . It says the hike was a result of purchase rush in the fourth quarter on expectations of tightening politics .
I think that show biz stars have a really easy life . They have lots of money , so they can buy almost anything they want . They ’ re famous , so everyone loves them .
I bet they love it really . Sure , they complain about it , but that just gets them more publicity , doesn ’ t it ?
No way ! They want publicity for themselves , so that they get invited to make more films , go to lots of cocktail parties , and even make albums ! They have such an easy life . They don ’ t even pay for drinks when they go to a cocktail party .
I don ’ t understand how you can have any sympathy for show biz stars . They ’ re overpaid , over-ambitious , and over-adored .
Hi , it is a pleasant surprise !
Couldn ’ t be better . And you ?
Hey , Mary , can you cut that out ?
The tapping of your pen on your desk . It ’ s driving me crazy .
I don ’ t slurp my coffee . And plus , how can you hear it when you ’ re shouting into your phone all the time ?
Look , we have a lot of accumulated anger from working in these conditions , and it ’ s probably okay to let off steam once in a while . But , it ’ s probably not a good idea to keep it up I ’ m willing to forgive and forget and if you are .
The weather in Beijing is just beautiful !
Yes , I can see . The summer heat is over , and the winter cold is still far away .
Autumn is also very nice in Washington .
No , it isn't . But sometimes it snows a lot in winter .
Oh yes ! Sometimes it rains very heavily.How about here in Beijing ?
I feel it's rather dry here .
Are you from the south ?
Mike , come and look at this painting of shrimp ! It is so simple yet so vivid !
Yes , it is . How do you know that ?
Cool ! What kind of Chinese painting do you prefer , free sketch or claborate-style painting ?
That's true . Chinese art stresses the harmony between man and nature , which is an important part of China's traditional culture .
So do I . Let ’ s go to other areas to see what they have got , shall we ?
Lousy weather , isn't it ?
Look at the ice there hanging from the eaves .
Do you know what the temperature is today ?
It feels like ten degrees below zero at least . I don't mind the cold weather but I do hate it when it gets slippery .
Nick , it's very nice of you to see me off .
Very well . If I leave I'll miss you .
I'm sure and I remembered your phone number . I'll call you .
It's time I left .
What are your working hours ?
Much better than mine .
Would it be all right if I went home next weekend ?
Well , I want to surprise my brother showing up for his birthday .
Could you tell me what university you went to , Mr . Smith ?
Did you ? And what did you study ?
Would you mind telling me how old you are ?
And could you tell me what other jobs you have had ?
And what was your salary at the bank ?
Hi , Jane . How are you doing this morning ?
Late night ?
I am going to celebrate my birthday with you all in a night club this year , what do you say ?
How did that happen ?
What do you do for a living ?
Really ? Do you like it ?
I ’ m a bus driver .
what a nice garden ! Look at these tulips !
all right . Would you please stand closer to the flower bed ? Good . Smile . Say " cheese " . OK , got you . That's terrific .
no problem .
do you know how to set the timer ?
OK , let's have a try .
did it come out ?
never mind . Let's go to the falls and try again .
Did you watch television last night , Charles ?
It was a good game , wasn't it ?
What a pity . It was quite exciting . Both teams played very well .
It finished in a draw . What was the film like ?
Did your wife enjoy it ?
Hey , Vernassa . why be angry look ?
I've never seen you so worked up . what did she do to you ?
Are you sure she was trying to put you down ?
You shall go easy on her . she is new here .
You shall just take it in surprise .
Try to pull it together , Vernassa . I am sure things will turn note , ok ?
Well . if you think I can help , let me know .
I ’ m forming a music band .
Uh ... Yeah ! I ’ Ve told you a thousand times that I ’ m learning to play the drums . Now that I know how to play well , I would like to form a rock band .
We have a guy who plays guitar , and another who plays bass.Although we still haven ’ t found anyone to be our singer . You told me that you had some musical talent , right ?
Perfect . So you can audition this weekend here at my house .
I've heard you're going to America tomorrow . I want to see you off at the airport .
What time are you leaving ?
What airline and what flight ?
I'll see you at the airport at 12 thirty P . m .
I ’ m sorry , dad . But you can ’ t do that . It ’ s for me to decide .
I didn ’ t say I ’ d already decided , dad . I said it was for me to decide . There is a difference .
Hello , Friendship Restaurant . May I help you ?
Yes , Sir . For how many people , please ?
What time ?
So sorry , we're fully booked in that room . Would you like to make reservation some other time ?
Hey , Zina . You're here early today .
I just wanted to say thanks for putting us on the map so fast . I appreciate it .
That is the most beautiful sunset !
Here is a good place . Let's get out .
Mother Nature is quite an artist .
Amazing . The sun is almost gone and yet there is still color everywhere !
What a nice day ! Why don't we go for an outing ?
How about going to the suburbs ?
Why didn't you tell me you had a girlfriend ?
But you should have told me you were in love with her .
You know you didn't .
Yes , but you might have told me before .
You can't be serious . How dare you not tell me you were going to marry her ?
Hi , Bill .
Where is that cool guy , Dick ? I haven ’ t seen him for two weeks .
Bummer , I ’ m sorry to hear that , is he better now ?
Where's Tom this evening ?
Really ! What's the matter with him ?
Tell him I was asking about him .
Maybe you should talk to the teacher .
You never know unless you try .
well , I finished my last final today .
do you want to attend the convocation ?
do you want to have them made or do you want to rent them ?
no . those you have to provide for yourself .
well , most of them only need a cap and gown for that particular convocation service , but some of the education majors have had them made , because they will be faculty members , and they'll need them f
Mary , don't move . Stand right there . It's a good shot . The background is very pretty .
it doesn't matter . Say'cheese ' .
Do you mind if I ask you a question ?
What do you do in order to improve your English ?
It ’ s a good idea to have a radio , isn ’ t it ?
It takes a long time to learn a language , doesn ’ t it ?
Good morning , Sue .
I'm fine , thanks , how about yourself ?
I am heading for the library . I've got a research project to do.How about you ?
See you later , alligator .
Is the environment a big issues in your country ? It is in mine .
What methods do you use to conserve water ?
I see . I think the biggest environment problem in my country is air pollution .
We have reduced emission of air pollutants in recent years , but cars are still a major source of them . Factories have become cleaner as stricter environment pollution law have been introduced .
Hurry up . Time is running out .
Hi Cody , how did practicing go this week ?
Great ! Warm up with some scales and arpeggios first . Good , good . This week , work on keeping the rhythm steady when you play the last part with the sixteenth note . Now let ’ s take a look at this
It might work . I ’ ll have to hear it.Show me what you ’ Ve done .
It ’ s just nerves . Just play the right hand for now . One two three four five six , ta ti tri-ple-ti . Good , good . Don ’ t forget the accidentals ! The key signature says that note should be a G-sharp b
Yes , much better . Watch where you lift your foot off the pedal . What was that ?
Can you tell me the time ?
Is your watch right ?
I heard that you're going on your first date Friday night .
Angry ? Why would I be ?
Come on . Dating is a part of young people's social life . Besides , you're sixteen already .
Do you want to borrow my coat ? I have a black coat that would look smashing on you .
Hi , Mary , long time no see .
Yes , next March .
Jim and you are bosom friends , aren't you ?
What do you mean ?
is everything alright ?
what took so long ? I thought your flight was supposed to arrive 3 hours ago !
I didn't hear anything about a delay . I thought everything was running on time . What happened ?
then what ? Your plane was three hours late !
turbulence is pretty normal , isn't it ?
so where did you land ?
that sounds like a nightmare !
have you had anything to eat ?
I've got some bad news about the bike you lent me .
I fell on the way to school , and your bike got scratched . I'm really sorry .
No , thank you .
It's kind of you to say . I feel a little stupid .
When you lent me the bike , it looked brand new , almost anyway .
What date is it today ?
Oh , the day after tomorrow is Christmas .
Hello ! I'm Penny , I moved here just now .
Nice to meet you , too . I thought I should come and say hello to you . I haven't known anybody .
Yes . Would you like to come here later to have a coffee ? Bring all your family .
About 4 .
No , just come here .
You know what , last night I almost got hit by a vase falling from the third floor .
Luckily that was nothing serious .
I do feel like a trip to Florida on such a gloomy day in New York , to enjoy the sunshine while lying on the beaches of Florida .
But if the sunshine is too strong , it might damage the eyes and the skin .
I see . Overdoing it will do more harm than good .
I just finished reading this article ' Getting Old Gracefully ' . It's a very good article .
A lot of things . There is a part about how old people should accept being old and stop feeling restless . You really should read it .
Why not ? What this article says makes good sense to me . If you read it , I'm sure you'll agree with me .
Thanks for coming shopping with me .
I've never given a speech in front of a thousand people before .
Thanks . Now let's decide which one of these suits looks best for this occasion .
The question is , can he have it done before Friday ?
I love slim girls , don ’ t you ?
And I like a girl with good skin , do you ?
Well , yes . But surely you like a girl with a nice figure .
But you like a girl to be rich , surely ?
What's going on here ?
Master Li ? Who's that ?
I suppose you like cinematography and costumes and that sort of stuff ?
I think sound is even more important ! Guns , bombs , sirens--that's what makes a movie exciting !
In my book , all a good movie needs is a chase scene and lots of things that blow up .
What day is today ?
Tomorrow is Friday . It's going to be the weekend .
I decided to go for this kind of life .
I know . I always hope for the best and prepare for the worst .
What day is it today ?
Are you new to this school ?
Is this your first year in college ?
Where did you transfer from ?
Why did you transfer ?
Did you like it at PCC ?
Well , I wish you luck here .
There is something wrong with my girlfriend .
The department manager is all over her . He says he loves her .
Of course not ! She thinks he's an apple-head . She doesn't like an apple-headed man , you know .
Are you ready to go to the bank ?
There ’ s problem with my bank statement . There ’ s a mistake on it . I also need to withdraw some money some the ATM .
that ’ s right . You ’ re going away next week .
I have to pay my credit bill too . If I don ’ t pay it soon , the credit card company will charge me interest .
It ’ s so relaxing , taking a walk in the country . The air is so fresh and clean .
I can see a lot of advantage and disadvantage . The problem is that , for me , each advantage has its own disadvantage .
Well , I hate the noise in the city , but I love being around lost of people . The problem is that you can ’ t have lots of people and have peace and quiet . The two just don ’ t go together .
People can ’ t have it both ways . If you live in the country , it is often less convenient . If you live in a city , it is noisy , but there ’ s more to do .
I would love to hear the birds singing and feel the fresh breeze on my face . When the wind blows in the city , you get dust in your mouth and in your eyes .
Just remember that in that village there ’ s nothing to do . There ’ s not even a pub or restaurant . There ’ s just one small shop with a poor selection of goods .
Hey Mike . What are you doing ?
I was just concerned about Sam . He hasn't been himself lately .
That sucks . He must feel depressed .
Why don't we take him out ? We can try to take his mind off of it . In the least show him that we're there for him .
Ok . I'll call you back after I'm done .
Did you hear Peter just retired ?
He is not young as he looks . I think he's almost sixty .
Hello , Steven . Congratulations !
How's your married life ?
That's very good . It's said that marriage is the Ab of love . But the words may not be right .
We have waited for a long time . When will we start ?
are you working overtime again ? Over the last two weeks , you have worked overtime every day without a break ! Your company is draining the life out of you !
Well , I hope they're paying you the big bucks for all this work ...
What ? ! Isn't there a law against that , I think there is some legislation that requires employers to give their employees a fair rate of wages . You should know your rights ! If you are putting in so many hours , they should give you some kind of compensation .
That's just wrong ! why don't you just quit ?
The tranquility of the night , the chirping of some insects , everything is so natural !
I'd like to reserve a table for three at 6:30 this evening .
Nonsmoking , please .
My surname is Gao .
OK . Come back into the classroom , class .
Yes , but to the health , this break has long enough .
come on , baby . It ’ s time now .
why are you so upset today , Maria ? Cheer up !
it ’ s a great opportunity . You should be happy with the offer .
why ? It ’ s unfair . You can learn a lot from it .
that may be true . But I ’ m sure you ’ re able to find a balance between them . Why not try it ?
I agree with you but I think you really need to talk to your mother and tell her what's on your mind .
just let her know that the experience will be both amazing and rewarding . And more importantly , you can manage both your study and the job .
sure . Every cloud has its silver lining . Just try .
Where did you go yesterday ?
How often do you play tennis ?
I seldom play tennis . I prefer football and basketball .
I usually play with my school-mates .
Why are you all dressed up ?
I ’ m sick of my job , I always have to work late at night , and the company keeps me working in the office .
What do you suggest ? I can ’ t afford to quit my job until I get a new one .
I saw an interesting program on TV last night . It was about elderly people .
It said that people with a positive attitude tend to live longer and happier .
And the TV program also said that physical exercise helps people deal with stress .
Saying you want to kill yourself , you terrified me out of my wits .
That ’ s too much .
Where are you going this weekend ?
Oh really ? It ’ ll be nice and warm there . Have you been there before ?
I see . What ’ s it like there ?
Hurry up , Daniel , it's Barbie time .
Come on , it's cool outside .
Hey , Daniel , what's your favorite weather ? Snowy or sunny ?
What ? Are you crazy ?
Ew , Danny , gross !
I love snowy , because it is very very romantic .
My girlfriend dumped me .
Did Roll win the race ?
But anyway , he won at last .
What's this then ?
But this should have been handed in last Thursday .
Well , what's your excuse then ?
Oh , Yes ?
Hey , This is your order .
Yes . I started this part-time job just three days ago . And my internship will last 1 week . I'm still a student now .
Of course not . You know , there are many foreign customers like you here . And I think it's good for me to improve my oral English .
No , I'm not an English student . But I do like English . I'm going to be a volunteer in the 2008 Olympics where I want to be helpful with the language . So I try to improve my English .
Thank you , sir . But I'm not allowed to accept any tips .
Well , would you like something else ? The new-made cafe parfait is really good . Want some ?
Sure . If you want more coffee , please go over there . There is self-help coffee maker .
Oops . Well , wait for a while . We'll get it done quickly .
Do you think the bad weather will last long ?
I hope so . We have planed to visit the square but we have to cancel it .
Let's go in .
Could you tell me what university you want to go to , John ?
What university would you enter ?
Oh , I forget . Sorry .
Did you ? And what course did you take there ?
I've not known . Perhaps , I've got a bad memory .
I think he deserved his gold .
Yes , it's perfect !
You are studying here , aren ’ t you ?
Do you like this campus ?
How come ?
Oh.It ’ s awful , but it can ’ t be helped .
How I wish my son Mark could be as excellent as your Joe !
Hi Mark .
What are you planning to do today ?
Would you like to have lunch with me ?
Is 11:30 AM OK ?
I said , 11:30 AM .
OK , how about 12:30 PM ?
How about Bill's Seafood Restaurant ?
It's on 7th Street .
How have you been ?
Hi , Monica , congratulations ! Your presentation at the meeting was very successful and everyone was impressed by your speech . And it was so persuasive and I bet our clients will be convinced to invest their money in this project . You really made a big contribution to our company .
You must have been prepared for a long time . Some statistics in this presentation are not easy to find , right ?
Now , the effort pays off . You have accomplished something .
I hate to say goodbye , but it's late .
I wish I could.But I'm afraid I can't . I've got some serious studying to do . I have to go .
See you on Moday.Have a great weekend .
Are you really dating with Frank ?
Then why not keep away from him ?
Hi , Jim . How are you ? I haven't seen you for a while .
Where were you ?
What do you think of the novel you just finished reading ?
What do you like best about it ?
What do you think of the ending ?
Quite a few times , I had my back to the wall .
That ’ s right .
Is that your phone ?
It's very impressive . Can you use the Internet on your phone ?
That's really convenient . Does it have the Bluetooth ?
No , but I think it'd be really great for people like you who are always on the go .
Good morning , Mary !
I want to have a few friends over for a dinner party to celebrate my birthday . Would you be able to come the next weekend on Saturday ?
Yes , if that's all right for you .
Oh , good . If you could come around six thirty or seven o'clock , that would give us some time to chat a whit over a glass of wine before dinner .
Don't worry . I'm sure you'll do better next time .
It doesn't matter . Forget it .
Oh ! That's much hetter than I did .
There's no secret at all . The only thing for you to do is to practice more . You will succeed .
I just dropped in to say goodbye .
I'll leave at 10 o'clock .
Come back . You haven't paid yet .
But he took some newspaper away without paying .
Why ? You make me confused .
Why does he have such a privilege ?
I see . Does he live by himself ?
He must be lonely ?
How may I help you ?
Do you have your library card with you ?
You ’ re going to have to wait for a computer .
Please put your name on this list .
When there is a computer available , I will call you .
Just type in the number on the back of your library card .
Are you coming to the bridal shower for Jane ?
Aug 8 .
Mrs . White .
Maybe her uncle will .
Right . Red Rochester will officiate at the wedding .
Don ’ t do that again . You are riding the tiger .
You will ask for it .
Hurry up ! Time is money !
But you are too slow to follow them .
Watch out ! You'll hit that car if you're not careful .
You see . I told you you'd hit him if you weren't careful .
Steve , you look pale . What happened ?
Did you have something on your mind ? You look so concerned . Maybe I can help you .
Is there anything I can do to help you ?
Lodge , You must come around sometime , You have to check out my mew stereo .
Can you make it on Tuesday ?
Anytime after six will be fine .
My friend Jean is very beautiful .
Perfect , and I like her charming eyes too .
What ’ s the life expectancy in your country ?
About 70 , I think . This newspaper article talks about the problems of an aging population . It ’ s a problem that will soon affect most of the world .
Perhaps we need to have more babies ! Tina gave birth to a baby boy yesterday .
How ’ s your son these days ?
He ’ ll be a teenager before you know it ! Teenagers are often rebellious ! When do you think it is a good age to have a child ?
Yes , I think you ’ re right . I ’ m thinking about having a child , but not just yet .
Yes , there is . Teenagers do not want to live traditional lives . They want to go out , have fun , and explore the world . They want to develop their own view of life . Parents usually try to discourage them , but they don ’ t often succeed .
Hey Mike . I forgot about registration . I'm a day late , so all the classes are mostly full . What do you think I should do ?
Do you think going to the registration building will help at all ?
Did you register yet ?
What classes do you think are still open ?
That's helpful . Thanks . But what do you think about philosophy . I wanted to take that class this semester .
He does that ?
That makes sense . I think I'll do that . Thanks for all the help .
Thanks for helping me move into my new house .
I've been so stressed these days .
I don't know where to go for college , and what to major in .
And I also want to get scholarships to help me pay for the tuition . I want to get the burden off my family .
OK , OK . I'm so sorry . By the way , for you , is it more important to make money or to enjoy your work ?
OK , honey , stop dreaming . You should face the reality .
En , first you should be concentrated on what the teacher said in class . Second , I suggest you to take an additional course in some training center .
I'm glad we live in a small town .
Because the houses look so nice at Christmas time .
Yes , we have a big tree this year . I bought the decorations at the five-and-tencent store yesterday . Do you want to come and see it ?
When can you come ?
You know , smoking does do harm to your health .
Why don't you try to give it up ?
Have you ever thought of just cutting down ? You could do it gradually .
Hello , Jim . What was the film like ?
Why ? What was it about ?
A lot of young people have to do that .
lt sounds like the story of my life .
I take sleeping pills sometimes .
It sounds a very depressing film .
Would you like to stretch your legs ?
Let's get a soft drink .
It's a fifteen-minute intermission .
It's a new concert hall and the acoustics are great .
Is this your first time to come to a symphony concert ?
Do you have large concert halls in your city ?
May I help you ?
It closes at six .
No , not every day .
Absolutely .
Saturday ’ s hours are from nine in the morning to six-thirty at night .
What else can I help you with ?
Whose part do you think is best played ?
You're absolutely right ! That's the very figure I like best .
Vince , I think one of your programmers is spying on us for WebTracker .
I won't say who , because I'm not sure yet . But I'll know soon .
It isn't Elvin .
Hello , Zhang lin ! Fancy meeting you here !
How's life going , Zhang Lin ?
Pretty good , thanks . I'm going to see my uncle .
Fixing computer isn ’ t my cup of tea . You can leave this job to Jason .
But what ?
What a great weekend that was !
I really enjoy the beach in the summer .
We should come here more often .
I'd like to come back next weekend .
Aren ’ t you going to swim ?
You are not telling me that we drove 50 miles to come here for just sunbath , are you ?
What about your beautiful bathing suit ? We shopped all day . Don't you want to show it off ?
All right . Suit yourself . I am going swimming .
Yes ?
I've got a better idea . Why don ’ t we hire a boat and go for a ride ? What do you think ?
How dare you accuse me of stealing your computer ?
The flood will come on the heels of the heavy rain .
Adam , could you show me around the school ?
What's the tallest building ?
Yes .
What's the building to the south of the library ?
Is there a swimming pool in your school ?
I do envy you . And I hope I can enter your school one day .
Television is undoubtedly a great invention , but one of the main criticisms of it is that people just aren't selective enough . Lesley , got a television . how do you pick out the sorts ofprogrammes you want to watch ?
Do you think of television though as a great time-waster ?
Aha , but how do you prevent it coming into your life and taking oversour evenings and at the same time perhaps get . . . get out of thetelevision some of the sort of best things ... best programmes that ... that undoubtedly are on television ?
Do you think though that ... that in . . . in a sense television skilled people's own er ... sort of , creativity or their ability entertain themselves because if they're bored all they do is justturn on the television ?
Don't be shy . Have some more chicken .
I feel pity for the old man .
It must be dreadful to grow old .
I'm going to see the doctor this weekend .
I think I need a thorough check-up .
Professor , I am going to need to leave class early today .
I need to go to the airport to pick up a relative .
Yes , I've got that part covered .
I don't need to leave until the very end of class .
Thanks , Professor . See you later !
I'm going to try sky diving this weekend .
It's sounds like fun .
I want to try something exciting .
I'll tell you all about it next Monday .
Does he know that he has already at his wits ' end ?
He might be driven up a wall . You should not handle your relation with him with kid gloves .
I visited the famous variety show host , Dennis .
Oh , he's a very serious person .
Hi ! My name is Mike .
Nice to meet you , too .
I'm from Shanghai . And you ?
Why do you go fishing so often ?
Hi , Cindy . I thought I ’ d missed you .
It ’ s all right .
I was in a comfortable place , so really , it ’ s no problem . I am happy to see you . Did the rain hold you up long ?
Good morning , Jim !
Yes , it is . The sun is shining . There is no wind , only a pleasant breeze .
We have decided to go to the park this Sunday . Would you like to go with us if you have not decided yet ?
He ’ s predicting clear skies .
Come in , come in , what can I do for you ?
Yes , I am applying on it .
Aren't you a bit young ? I have a lot of qualified seniors to take the course and they usually have a hard time keeping up .
Well , if you think you are ready , I'll let you enroll .
Management is going through a big turnover these days . With Bill's retirement , and department realignment , we have lost about 1/3 of our managerial staff . They've been dropping like flies ...
Actually , I don't think so . Supervisors are really important to make sure everything goes smoothly in the workplace . They are necessary for divvying up work and disciplining employees . If there is no one to keep an eye on us , no one would get any work done . You know what they say , when the cat's away , the mice play .
How do you like your job here , Linda ?
Why ?
I'm happy to hear that , but publishing is more than just talking to writers . it involves a lot of work , patience and responsibility . Most of the work is boring .
Do you have any complaints ?
Yes , you have many opportunities to grow in this company as long as you do well .
I don't think we've met .
My name is Dick Brown .
Mr . Smith often talked about you .
Why don ’ t you sit down and relax , darling ?
Well , come and talk to me then .
May I turn on the radio then ?
So that we can sit down together and listen to some music .
Ok , I will . But let ’ s go to a disco after dinner .
David , why don't you clean your room ?
Why are you feeling depress ?
I don't think she would do such a thing .
Oh , cheer up ! A girlfriend is not everything .
Then forgive her mistake .
My sister was taken to the hospital yesterday
She was hit by a car . Luckily , she wasn't seriously hurt .
We'll have to hurry ; visiting hours will be over soon
What are the good sights to see in Beijing ?
Hello , let me introduce myself . I'm your new neighbor . My name is Andy .
Nice meeting you , too .
What do you do when you are angry ?
That ’ s smart . What do you usually do to relieve your anger ?
Oh , what kind of music do you listen to ?
I think that might work for me as well .
Like what ?
I'm sorry , but I can't come to your party .
Taylor , you're sweating up a storm !
Yeah , you look a little shaky . And pale . You seriously need some time in the sun .
We're just worried about you , Taylor .
She is so stupid .
So what ?
Mrs.Smith , time has stood still with you !
I'm not flattering you.You ' re full of energy every day .
What a police officer !
In my wedding ceremony , where do my parents sit in the church ?
Do friends of the bride always sit on one side of the church and friends of the groom on the other ?
Hi , Mary ! You're here already . Where's Harry ?
That should give us time for a cup of coffee . I'll go and get some .
Why did the teacher criticise Myra in front of the whole class ?
Is your city a historical place ?
How did it grow into such a large place ?
As the city grew , it must have absorbed many village nearby .
I see . Are there any building more than 200 years old in your city ?
What is wrong with your face ?
Why ?
How's Jerry's new school ?
He's a team player .
How many people are there in your family ?
Is your brother older or younger than you ?
What's the problem ? You don't look happy .
How come ?
Why don't you go to the English corner to talk to your classmates in English quite often ?
It ’ s dangerous . I don ’ t dare to go .
Did you get the car you wanted ?
What about the car over there ?
How may I help you ?
Is that all you need ?
You ’ re not allowed to do that .
It ’ s our policy .
Only books or videos .
You will have to read it here .
Have you heard the news ?
Such bad luck , 200 yuan was stolen by a thief on the bus today .
Ok , so who are we going to invite to our dinner party ?
Don't forget my friend Andy from the office . He has nothing to do on Friday , so I invited him over .
Why can't we ?
I'm not sure . He just broke up with his girlfriend recently , and I don't think he's in the mood to start again so soon .
I think you're making a mountain out of a molehill . It's only a superstition . It really doesn't mean anything .
Ok , ok . I'll ask my sister to come . That way we'll have fourteen for dinner .
Hello , 8520388 2 .
Hi , Maria , this is Shirley .
Hold on for a moment please . I'm fetching my textbook .
Oh , the homework is to explain what economic law is both in broad sense and in narrow sense .
Yes . You can use your textbook for your reference .
I don't think so , Maria , but I think you can look for information on the Internet .
Oh , there isn't such a code called economic law . The Economic Law of China is a general concept for several laws .
Yes , it's a general name for several laws related to economics , like Commercial Law , and Law of Central Bank .
I just dropped in to say goodbye .
I ’ ll leave at ten o ’ clock .
The performance is amazing . I'm curious about how they did it . I mean the way they sing .
So cool . Someone gave me this flier at the exit . What's it about ?
Oh , tell me about it . Anything interesting ?
' The Drunken Beauty ' ? It's funny that we have ' Sleeping Beauty ' in my country . Anyway , what's it about ? Is the beauty a drunkard ?
Sure , people do that when they are drunk . What about the actress ?
Oh , I've heard about him before . He even created a special dance of sleeve shaking .
You know , interest is the best teacher .
Please do that . I can't wait to come back again . The performance must be really amazing .
That was heaven !
Really ?
You got a letter in the mail .
What is it ?
What does it say ?
You can ’ t be serious !
Are you all right ?
I ’ m sorry that you didn ’ t get in .
What are you going to do for one year abroad , Tom ?
You are going to take courses ?
Sounds hard .
Won't you get lonely ?
I went shopping without my umbrella yesterday morning .
So did i . that's why i didn't take my umbrella . i got cold in the rain in the afternoon.it was raining cats and dogs .
We really have some miserable weather sometime . i wish i would live somewhere which were sunning all year round .
I guess you are right . maybe i just wish the weather could be a little more predictable .
Those guys work at the same company and go to the same bars . They do everything together .
What ’ s your new job like ?
Um .
Very nice .
What a surprise meeting you here , Landy .
It ’ s a small world , isn ’ t it ?
So you're traveling around the world , aren't you .
When did you arrive here ?
Did you have a good journey ?
Where have you been on this trip ?
Really ? How long will your holiday last ?
All these countries in two weeks ?
Please do excuse me for a moment . I've got diarrhea .
It may have something to do with the food I had last night
Hi Mary , how's it going ?
Terrible . It must be something serious . You two are such close friends .
Really ? What happened ?
That's pretty harsh .
You know she probably feels just as bad .
Well , in that case I guess maybe you can be more understanding . You shouldn't let a trivial thing like this stand in the way of your friendship . After all you can go to the beach anytime you want .
I can't bear you anymore . I am sick of your drinking . I am divorcing you .
How many chances should I give you ? I've given up on you !
Finally the class is over . Be quick . Ben must have been waiting for long .
That's normal . You have been sitting for three hours , with your attention highly concentrated .
No . You are just burning yourself out these days . Have a good rest and you will feel energetic again .
How could he make such a silly mistake ?
He lost a very good chance to go to college , didn't he ?
What did you do over the weekend ?
Do you think there's anything we can do to reverse the damage that's been done already ?
Like what ?
What else can we do to protect the environment ?
How about recycling ? Does that actually help ?
What do you think the biggest worry for our future is ?
I had no idea you were such an environmentalist before !
Merry Christmas , Bill !
What do you want to do to celebrate Christmas ?
I'll go to church first and then go to a Christmas party . Would you like to come ?
So Emily , what do you like to do for fun ?
I also like going to the movies .
Who broke the glass , Peter ?
I was not born yesterday . It must be either you or Adam .
Can you read what this says ?
Don't dis my hair ! I like it like this .
Hey , that's enough about my hair .
I don't go to hairdressers because they're cute .
Hello , Tony . Fancy meeting you here . How are things going with you ?
Pretty good ! How are your parents these days ?
Oh , good . That's nice to hear . Well , I am going to a football match . I need to go .
Where should I sit ?
Okay .
It's Lin . It's spelled L-I-N .
My pronunciation is not very good . It's L-I-N , Lin .
You ’ re ready , right ?
Are you ready to transfer tomorrow ?
You ’ re not nervous ?
What are you most nervous about ?
You shouldn ’ t be nervous about that .
Meeting new people is a good thing .
What do you think of this one ?
And this one ? Too flashy ?
Hug ! And this sweater from my aunt ? Isn ’ t it hideous ?
Are you even listening ? I ’ m trying to have a conversation with you .
Well I have to decide which gifts to keep and which to exchange for better ones when I go to the Boxing Day sales this afternoon !
Oh , your precious game . You watch the same game every year , and each year your beloved hometown team loses by at least three goals !
I might just ! Enjoy your stupid game !
Don ’ t be worried . Please sit down and take it easy .
But you should avoid finger-pointing when you haven ’ t got the real facts .
Hey , Mike . You've been surfing the Net for quite a while . What on earth are you searching for ?
Well , roughly speaking , a hacker is a computer buff .
You can say that .
They must have mixed hackers with crackers .
There is another group of people who loudly call themselves hackers , but they aren't . They break into computers and break the phone system . Real hackers call these people crackers , and want nothing to do with them .
Well , the real hackers mostly think crackers are lazy , irresponsible and not very bright , and feel that being able to break security does make you a hacker any more than being able to start cars without keys makes you an automotive engineer . Unfortunately , many journalists and writers have been fooled into using the word hacker to describe crackers . This irritates real hackers to no end .
You got it .
I don't have my homework today .
I was really sick .
Yes , I probably could .
Next class meeting .
That would work for me .
What are you reading about in that science magazine ?
I ’ m not sure I like the idea of that . I don ’ t want people copying me or other people . It could be very confusing .
In the future , that could be possible .
Really ? What else have you discovered ?
Thanks for helping me up .
I'm the hazardous one here . I made three people fall over !
I'm so humiliated ! What's that man saying ? Everyone's laughing !
How was the party yesterday ?
Oh , don't talk to me about yesterday ! It was the most awful evening I've ever had .
Well.John had promised to be my date , but he stood me up . I waited for a full hour in the cold wind .
What is the most unexpected thing you experienced in space ?
When viewing the Earth from space , do you feel detached from humanity or more a part of the totality of humankind ?
There're a lot of suspicions that the International Space Station is never going to become reality . Is it going to be some future project that never happens ?
There were a lot of talks during the Bush administration about a not too distant future Mars mission . It seemed to fizzle out . Do you think that this Shuttle mission will reignite the public's passion for space and get us to Mars sooner ?
You had gone to the moon twice , orbited space around the Earth lots of times , and of course you have had the most amazing views that a human being can have . How long do we ordinary beings have to wait to feel the weightlessness ? I just can't wait .
Where did you go yesterday ?
How often do you play tennis ?
I seldom play tennis . I prefer football and basketball .
I usually play with my schoolmates .
Yes , I went to the Than He Sports Center for a football match last Sunday .
Where is your native place ?
So are you a local ?
What ’ re you doing now ?
You ’ re supposed to clean your teeth before you go to bed .
How can I help you today , Alice ?
Oh , good . You're an excellent student . I'd be very willing to help you with that .
What kind of scholarship is it ?
Fine . I know about that scholarship.You have to be a student in your junior year , and you have to have a grade point average of 3.7 or higher .
Excellent . So you'll have a good chance of getting it .
Do you have an essay you want to send them ?
What is the question ?
That's a pretty short essay .
Good luck . I'm sure you will do a good job .
Sure . What are they ?
I'd be happy to write one for you .
What is it ? Do you want me to read your essay ?
Of course I could read it . That's no problem . But you need to get it to me soon .
Alright . If you can bring it to me tomorrow morning , I can talk with you after class on Friday.So I'll have some feedback for you before the weekend .
Did you hear how cold it got last night ?
It was so cold this morning . I could hardly start my car .
Don't you have a garage ?
How much antifreeze did you put in your new car then ? You must have to keep it well below zero .
Does it ever get that cold on here ?
What do you think of the new television channel ? Aren't the programs awful ?
Actually , what bothers me is the violence . There are far too many detective and police shows .
What's the matter with you , Paul ?
Looks like it.You need to drink a lot of water and take a good rest .
You look pale today .
You should do sports to keep young .
Steven , have you any friend in London ?
Are you close ?
I'm going to London on business next week . But I know nothing about it .
Yes , Steven . You always know what I want .
My word , you do look ill !
You seem to have something on mind . Promise me , go to see the doctor right now .
Excuse me , you look familiar . Did you use to live in New York ?
Did you use to work at NYU ?
Oh , did you know Hugh Young ? He was a music student .
Yes . And he used to play the piano with a jazz group at the university .
Yes , he ’ s a millionaire in Houston now .
Oh , no . He ’ s an executive for a large computer company . I saw an interview with him on TV yesterday . They were asking his opinion about future uses for computers .
You look so happy , Anna . Any good news ?
Really ? Congratulations !
By the way , would you like to have dinner with me tomorrow evening ? Tomorrow is my birthday .
Not so soon . It ’ s not my birthday today . Well , you ’ ll come , won ’ t you ?
Hello Gina ! We've spoken so many times on the phone but's it's so good to finally meet you in person !
Oh , please don't call me sir . Just call me Jason .
Pretty good . There was a bit of turbulence while we were over the Pacific Ocean but it wasn't too bad . The worst thing was the guy behind me . He snored all through the night !
The stewardess said it's not company policy to wake people up for any reason .
Not much ... but that's ok ... I'm a night owl anyway .
I'd love to squeeze in a trip to the Great Wall .
What are you going to do after you return from Washington ?
What will you do all day ?
Have you ever worked ?
I'm going to camp . I've gone to camp for four summers .
We do many things . In the morning , we go swimming and boating . In the afternoon , we play basketball or tennis . We sit around a camp fire at night.We sing or tell stories .
It is wonderful . What's John going to do this summer ?
Well , so long , Mary . Have fun .
Can you tell the result ?
Now the score is in our favor .
Hard to say.Now the score is in our favor .
Maybe you'll get another chance at the statue .
And let them ruin my life ? Forget it !
It's not worth it . Besides , I have to save up to pay for some bills .
Kate , what do you like to do tonight ? Do you often go to the movies ?
There ’ s a good movie called Summer in Beijing .
Let ’ s find out what time it starts .
Here it is . It starts at 8 o'clock .
I feel confused by all the diet options out there . I don ’ t know which one actually works .
Maybe you ’ re right . It is very expensive to go to a weight-loss center . I ’ d better join in a fitness club .
I visited the Polar Aquarium today .
Almost . There are a lot of polar animals sea birds , such as seals , whales and penguins , People don't get much chance of seeing them .
Absolutely . To be frank , I learned quite a lot about those animals and polar areas . I'm thinking of my kids there one of these days .
How time flies !
I can still remember our first date .
Yeah , oh my god ! It's still there . We have our first date right on there .
You were dull at that time .
I can ’ t wait to retire .
And then I ’ m moving to Florida where I can play golf all day , every day !
What do you plan on doing after you retire ?
Let's get together this weekend , is that all right ?
When is it convenient for you ?
Could you and your wife be ready at nine o'clock ?
Never mind . I'll be waiting for you .
I wonder if I can ask you a question .
Well ... er ... it is just ... just that I ...
I ... er ... I just want to know if you could lend me a few bucks .
Hey , Mary , nice to see you again . I heard you're going back home to the U . S .
You're so thoughtful . Wish you a good trip home . And we'll miss you .
Lovely day , isn't it ?
You are not English , are you ?
Good afternoon , would you mind if I sat here ?
I ’ m Jack . What ’ s your name ?
Do you like this place ?
How often ?
Who ’ s that ?
Do you like swimming ?
What ’ s the area of your country ?
That sounds quite big ! How many people live there ?
What ’ s the average income ?
So your country is fairly rich .
Look at this headline - Elvis Baby Born on Spacecraft . Where do these tabloids get such crazy stories ?
It looks as though everyone in line reads them , or at least looks at the headlines .
Maybe our checker is faster at scanning the food .
The answer is zero ! What a let-down !
No hard feelings . After all , he is a child .
Hi .
Yeah ?
Yeah ?
Oh , I'm sorry .
I'm so sorry , I .. I didn't realize it was that loud .
It's true.It was a bit loud .
Oh , it's no problem.It ' s OK.You know , it only happened once .
My mother likes to split hairs .
She has keen to buy something which is much cheaper .
Hey Bob . Whatchy doing ?
I didn't know you paint . What type of painting is it ?
That sounds so interesting . I wish I learned a hobby .
What does your friend Jim do ?
He can repair cares ? I cannot believe it .
Hey Jane . How are you doing these days ?
Are you enjoying married life ?
You're so lucky . I hope to get married to a guy like that .
Do you guys do anything special ?
David , why don't you clean your room ?
Why are you feeling depress ?
I don't think she would do such a thing .
Oh , cheer up ! A girlfriend is not everything .
Then forgive her mistake .
My brother joined the army last year .
He's tall and strong .
Look , Forest Gump is on at six thirty .
Yeah , I am very impressed with Tom Hanks ' performance in the movie .
Life is like a box of chocolates , you never know what you're gonna get .
You know , it also won 6 Oscar awards in 1995 . Unbelievable !
Yes , the Forrest's experience can encourage the people in trouble .
Gucci , I have an idea . Do you want to see this movie together ?
I hate this kind of weather !
I think he had water on the brain . This is bad .
Okay , Pollyanna , what's so good about this weather ?
We ' get ' to stay home ? Do you know something that I don't ?
What day is it ?
I'm leaving on November 10th .
No , it's a Monday .
What are you reading ?
I thought he usually wrote horror books .
We ’ re going to the bookshop . Would you like to join us ?
Me too . I need something to read on the flight to new york . I can never sleep on planes . Sarah wants to pick up some children ’ s books for her daughter .
Do you know what the BBS is ?
Tell me then .
Oh , I see , but what's it used for ?
Tell me in details .
Oh , that's great . I want to try later .
Any plans tonight ?
Well , I am wondering if we took a hang-out for a drink or something . You know , I just came back from a really tough interview . I was quite nervous during the interview . I really want to have the job . Right now , I am still a little on the edge . I am not sure if I could convince them during the interview .
I don ’ t know . I think I did well in the paper exams . I was prepared to answer a lot of questions , but they didn't ask those as I expected . To my surprise , the manager tried to talk about the Chinese poesy with me .
How may I help you ?
What happened to this one ?
You ’ re going to need to pay for the damage .
It ’ s going to be $ 5 .
It really isn ’ t .
Thank you very much .
When it comes to select a fund , you will always read “ Past performance is not an indication of future results ” , can you believe that ?
But I still have doubted those funds with bad stock performance . For me , his stock record is the very important criteria to decide which to buy . I really want to decrease the risk reach the minimum and achieve the maximum returns .
I don't know why people are just mad about David Peckham . Is there really anything so fascinating with him ?
You mean he plays well ? Yeah , he often scores by free kicks in crucial games . But a football match is by no means merely a show of taking free kicks .
In the case , maybe facial charm should be his leading card . After all , the majority of his fans are girls .
Can you tell which team seems to win ?
Yes . Our guest team is really tough .
May I have a word with you ?
When will you be free ?
Shall I say around ten o'clock ?
Office software like Windows might be one of the best inventions in this information age . It saves us from so much work and makes the communication even around the world much easier .
Yes , this machine is even smaller than those before .
Congratulations ! Mr . Stuart ! You won the city marathon .
We are all very proud of you .
I watched the race with my children . We saw you run to the finish line . We all screamed with excitement .
I really dislike reading academic books .
Are you ok , Chuck ? You look pale .
Oh , poor you . You know what ? I found a new way to learn Chinese and it works very well .
Sure . I'm learning Chinese through songs .
You can say that . I can actually sing some of them now .
I start by listening to the song a few times and after several times I am able to follow the singer .
It does . I've learned some Chinese folk songs this way . They are clearly presented and easy to follow .
Why not ? I downloaded a beautiful song the other day . We can learn it together now .
Yes , just in case we run into me new characters .
Where to , miss ?
Sure thing . So , where are you flying in from ?
Really ? You don ’ t look very Chinese to me , if you don ’ t mind me saying so .
Wow sounds interesting ! Excuse me if I am being a bit nosy but , how old are you ?
Don ’ t get me wrong ! It ’ s just that you seem so young and already doing business overseas !
I am 40 years old and was born and raised here in the good old U . S of A , although I have some Colombian heritage .
Uh ... yeah .. of course !
Oh , boy , I hate to say this , but I really have to leave now .
I ’ m so sorry .
Have you thought of moving at all , Sarah ?
Buying a house can be expensive , but there are ways to find cheaper houses .
Well , sometimes the city auctions offer houses to the community . You ’ d have to make a quick decision about the offer in a day , but you would definitely save money doing it that way .
Sure , my sister-in-law and her husband just bought a house that way . They ’ re pretty satisfied with it .
Not at all . The woman , who owned it , took good care of it . But when she died , she had no family left and no will , so the government had to sell it for her .
It was about 75 years old . There were a few repairs that needed doing , but it didn ’ t take a lot of money or time .
Do Mona and Jim need a new house ?
Does Jim make a lot of money ?
Does Jim need to make more money ?
What do they need all that money for ?
Do they have any children ?
What does Jim like to do ?
What does Mona like to do ?
Wow ... She sounds like a high maintenance wife .
Politics can be an expensive hobby .
Politics is a hard game to play .
Are you alright , child ?
What did the nurse say ?
In that case , you should go home and get plenty of rest .
Who was the best teacher that you ever had ?
What was she like ?
What kind of things did you learn ?
Anything ? Do you really believe that we can do anything ?
You said she was strict . Did she have a lot of rules ?
I see . She sounds like she really cared about her students .
Really ? Doesn ’ t every teacher have a teacher ’ s pet ?
Do you know what she is doing now ?
Have you ever read one of the books ?
Why don ’ t you recommend one to me ?
Mum , this is for you .
Happy Mother's Day to you , Mum !
Did you like the party ?
Why ? What had you expected ?
Look , daddy is on again . Don't you think he is handsome ?
The seats in the middle of this stadium are great , but they're already occupied by somebody else .
Of course , tomorrow evening there will be a most exciting game .
Rockets vs Lakers . Yao Ming , my idol , will appear in front of several hundred million of the worldwide audience .
In 2002 . And since then he has attracted more attention than ever .
Oh , you know something . He is 2.26 meters tall . But he is also nimble and skillful .
Yes , what's worse is he can't take any further part in the game .
Never mind . After all he is not so attractive as Yao Ming , right ?
Pretty ! Say beautiful rather . Can you imagine any thing nearer perfect beauty than she altogether-face and figure ?
Is that Mr . Green ?
I am calling to inform you that we're happy to have you with us . Welcome aboard , I'm sure your friend would have given you a lot of information of our school and its motto , ways of teaching , etc .
I'm so nervous about this oral test .
I hear you ’ re taking a music class . I didn ’ t know you ’ re interested in it .
In my opinion , you ’ ll make it .
What ’ s the date today ?
Right . What present should we give him this time ? By the way , how old is he ?
How time flies ! He ’ s a big boy now .
Peter and Mary broke up .
I had a wonderful evening .
Do you know Sally ?
Why is she still single ? She must have a face that would stop a clock .
Do you hear what happened to Sally ?
She had to go to the hospital .
She passed out in class . Seems she hadn't eaten anything in days .
Yeah , but that's what she did .
Well , it's not just the girl ’ s fault . It's also society's fault - magazines and ads that show - thin models all saying , It's in to be thin . It's hard for them not to listen .
Have you ever thought about Tom ’ s attitude ?
Love me , love my dog . He ’ s a sensible kind man .
Have you found another job yet , Sally ?
What kind of job are you looking for ?
You haven't had any experience in either of those fields .
Hi . Are you new in this class ?
My name is Steven . What's your name ?
Very well . And my favorite subject is Chinese .
I guess English has fewer characters .
Robert , this is my friend , Mrs . Smith .
Nice to meet you too .
I'm a doctor .
New York University hospital in New York City . What do you do ?
What do you teach ?
Where ?
That's nice . How old are you ?
Hah ! For three hours while you threw up . And Femi dumped me for that . I really loved her .
She probably wouldn't even recognize me . She's probably married .
Was she really ? So you're telling me there's a chance ?
Oh , Ralph , I heard it is very dangerous traveling in space . Disasters have happened before . If the spaceship were out of order . . .
But is it possible that travelers could be hit by meteors ?
What do you think is the real danger man faced in space ?
Hi , Mark , did you catch the game last night ?
You didn ’ t hear ? Spain won , two to zero .
Get up as early as six o'clock only to be jammed at every crossroad and still late for work . What a life ! I've had enough of it .
What should I do then ?
I know cycling is always a more favorable choice than a bus . After all , it's a sport . But do you think it a pleasant experience to take in the dirty , polled air on the road ?
How many people are there in your family ?
That ’ s a big family . How old is your brother ?
What about your sister ?
Do you miss your family ?
Do you often go home ?
How often do you call to them ?
I'm terribly nervous .
What's wrong ? You don't like ancient Egypt ?
The Pyramids are amazing ! Millions of gigantic stones ... each one perfect ...
What's the problem , Nada ? You look down in the dumps .
Come on , nothing can be that bad .
Ok , I promise . So what's troubling you so much ?
Really ? Is he married ?
Then what's your problem ?
Oh , I see . Office romance tends to be the subject of gossip .
Office romance is very tricky .
How may I help you ?
Is that all you need ?
Anything else ?
I need your library card .
Do you need anything else ?
Your books are due back two weeks from today .
Did you happen to bring that book that we were talking about yesterday ?
Thanks so much .
I had no idea that there were specific things that should be given on different anniversaries .
It says that traditionally , give something made of paper .
I'm going to the park to play baseball with the guys .
Yeah , but that was before the guys ask me to join the team .
You know how much I want to be on the team , and now there is an opening for me.If I don't go to practise today.They ' ll get someone else and I'll miss my chance .
I know , and I will .
After baseball practice .
No , I won't . I'm going to skip TV tonight and work on your chess game with you if that's ok with you .
What stresses you out the most ?
How so ?
You have to deal with a lot of pressure from your parents .
Ever since I brought home some bad grades in elementary school , they never expected much .
What do you do to deal with the stress ?
That sucks . You wanna go grab a beer ?
Tony looks very handsome in the suit .
Judge from his look , he's a very serious person .
Lily thinks that the job takes a back seat to the family after she is married .
Not necessarily . This is only what she says , not what she does .
What's the weather like ?
Why don't you look outside ?
Why do you say that ?
Is it raining right now ?
How do you know ?
I have to go shopping today .
Hey there , you look a little lost . Are you new here ?
You can always spot the newbies . I can give you a few pointers if you want . Were you trying to use this machine here ?
It ’ s ok , I know how it is . This machine here will work out your upper body , mainly your triceps and biceps . Are you looking to develop strength or muscle tone and definition ?
In that case you want to work with less weight . You can start off by working ten to fifteen reps in four sets . Five kilo weights should be enough . Now it ’ s very important that you stretch before pumping iron or you might pull a muscle .
I don't know how John can put up with his son , who fools around without working .
Do you like ice skating ?
Then you've got to try it . Let's go to the skating rink on Thursday .
Friday then . How about it ?
Gordon , you're ever so late .
But there's a bus every ten minutes , and you are over 1 hour late .
How on earth can you miss several buses ?
Oh , come on , Gordon , it's the afternoon now . Why were you late really ?
Have you got it now ?
When ?
Let's have seafood tonight and then go see the new movie at Mall Cinema.Betsy told me it's a beautiful love story and I shouldn't miss it .
No , we didn't . Last week we went to see that movie about a man's struggle against mental illness .
Oh , yeah , and I did promise to see it with you if we went to that movie last week.But you liked that movie , didn't you ?
It wasn't that bad , and you're the one that insisted on skipping dinner.We went to an excellent restaurant .
And I don't like meat that much.The only meat I eat is chicken .
Well , I suppose that , to be fair , you should get to pick the movie and we can go to a restaurant that serves meat .
How's your new job going ?
How are you finding your new boss ?
Would you rather have her or your old boss back ?
How about your new co-workers ?
Do you miss your old co-workers ?
Do people in different departments get along with each other ?
Do you like working in teams with people from different departments ?
Do you like working in teams ?
Linda , John and I are going to get married next week .
Thank you , Linda . We would love you to come to our wedding .
It's May 1st .
It's Saturday . Could you make the time ?
At nine sharp .
So do you think you can get to the office alone ?
Do you think the taxi driver will understand you ?
Ok but how will we know if you are going to be late ?
You and Bob have finished ?
Are you going to be okay ?
Tony looks very handsome in the suit .
Judge from his look , he's a very serious person .
You are friend of Janet , right ? I am Andrew , Andrew Smith .
I'm sorry , I didn't quite catch that .
Wow ! It ’ s packed .
it's getting cold .
Oh , it's made of wool . I like the striped pattern .
it looks great , but you need something to go with it . It's too plain on its own .
that's a good idea . When did you buy it ? Is it a name brand ?
that looks lovely . Just one more thing---you need a pair of earrings .
perfect !
thanks . We should be ourselves . There are so many fashion victims out there .
Susan ? What brings you here today ?
Really ? So what ’ s the news ?
Hello , Mary .
Here is my friend Bob .
Are you free tonight ?
Wanna chill out and watch cable ?
It's a drama called Soul Food . This channel is BET-Black Entertainment Television . It has black shows , news and commercials .
BET has black shows that are overlooked by mainstream white TV .
My boss wore a real stupid tie to work today . Can you guess why ?
He is , but I didn't mean that . His daughter bought him a tie as a Father's Day gift , and he was very happy to wear it and show it off to us in the office .
No , it's great being a father , seeing your children growing up and loving you and admiring you .
So Alex , you ’ re off to the Olympic stadium then ?
Wow , that should be really exciting , especially with so many famous athletes there .
Well have a good time . Get me some autographs if you can .
Where did you go yesterday ?
How often do you play tennis ?
I seldom play tennis . I prefer football and basketball .
I usually play with my schoolmates .
... And now , let ’ s go to Kenny Williams for today ’ s weather forecast .
What ’ s the weather looking like today , Kenny ?
It ’ s a chilly day folks , so don ’ t forget your coats ! What about tomorrow Kenny ? Do you have good news for us ?
You heard it folks ! It ’ s gonna be a cold one !
He's been compared to Rimbaud , you know .
I am having a hard time at my job .
My colleagues quickly get promotions , while I always get sidelined . I don't know what to do anymore .
But I don't know what else I can do . I am willing to work hard . Sometimes I make mistakes and the boss is not happy .
Tell that to my boss .
Yes .
He was also assassinated because of his views .
Well , if he can become president , then I can at least get a promotion .
Well , my particular interest is collecting stamps , especially the rare ones . What about you ?
Hello !
Please allow me to introduce myself . My name is Tom .
Yes , I did . Have you lived here long ?
No , not really . When I left Vietnam , I came to America and I lived with a cousin in Dallas for two years . Where do you work , Alice ?
I am an accountant at a company .
It's nice meeting you too , Alice .
Excuse me . I am interested in getting a library card .
OK , here it is .
Here's my license and form .
Yes , I know what to do .
OK .
Hey , Frank . I heard you got a new job .
Is it true that you have a heavy work schedule ?
So , why did you apply for such a demanding job ?
Oh , I see . And can your family utilize 5 the health insurance , too ?
That ’ s a great employment benefit !
He has come to life in the end .
Yes . Fortunately , an ambulance passed in the nick of time , and we got him away to hospital .
Harry , do you like the opera ?
Why is that ? It is called real art .
Lisa wins the first prize in the English speech contest of her college .
But I always feel disappointed . I have many problems with English learning .
I feel confused about the grammars .
And my writing is not good . I feel so frustrated .
I know that , mom . But sometimes I'm just sad .
how did you do on your BELTS exam ?
that's excellent ! Have you received your conditional offers yet ?
do you know where the visa office is ?
it's just near the Dong Si Shi Tiao subway stop .
have you ever gone abroad before ?
have you ever been denied a visa before ?
that's good . Are you planning on immigrating to another country ?
that's exactly what the visa officers want to hear . Do you have enough money for tuition and room and board ?
I think you have a very good chance of getting a visa . I can help you prepare for the visa interview if you want .
Hi there , I'm Steve Saunders.What ' s your name ?
Yes it is , better than I expected it would be.The presenters have been first rate.Is this the first conference you've been to ?
I'm from Long Island , New York.What about yourself ?
Wow . I really like California ... the weather there is much better than the East Coast .
Just once.Quite a few years ago we took the kids to Disneyland on our vacation.They had a blast .
Two , a boy and a girl.They ’ re already grown now .
I dislike Susan . She is always above herself .
What of it ?
Does it bother you that your husband goes away on long business trips ?
What can I do for you ?
Let me have them .
These books are two weeks late .
You ’ re going to have to pay late fees .
25 cents a day .
That means 25 cents for each late book .
I hear you're entering the speech contest , Mike .
What shall we do after the volleyball match ?
That's a good idea . I was thinking of buying some gifts for my family .
I haven't decided yet , but I think the Olympic Mascots are a must .
Is that the red one ? That is my favorite , too . Do you know how much they are ?
Oh , I see . If I buy more than a set , can I get any discount ?
Any other ideas ?
It is time to butter him up .
I don ’ t know . Let me see .
Cindy , I heard you got into that university . Congratulations !
Hello ?
Are you there yet ?
I just got off the subway . I'm almost there . Sorry I'm late .
Where are you ?
Should I come to the second floor or do you want to come to the first floor ?
What ?
Oh , OK . What are you doing there ?
Do you want to get something to eat later ?
What do you want to do ?
OK , see you soon .
Who's that old lady trimming the trees ?
She looks very healthy.How old is she ?
What do you think are the main causes of war today ?
It seems that a lot of wars nowadays are really civil wars . People from different ethnic groups in the same country sometimes fight for power in that country .
How do you think they could be ended ?
So , if the cause is poverty , there should be a program to make the country richer . If the problem is resources , share them .
Yes . It is . One way to stop countries fighting is to cut off their financial support . Wars are very expensive .
Are you feeling better today , Bill ?
You'd better give up smoking . It's bad for your health .
But you should make up your mind first .
Why don't you go to bed and get up early ? You'll have the same time for work .
Well , I must be off now . I have an appointment at six .
Ok . Goodbye .
Hello , Julia , I know a party that will begin at midnight . Would you love to go ?
What a pity ! The party is very interesting .
Don ’ t complain about it . She is concerned about your safety .
Steven , why are you so depressed ?
What's the news ?
It's horrible .
Yes . How about donating some money ?
Just find the answer through Internet .
I don ’ t know how to deal with Jack . He is indeed a trouble maker . He has louse up my business several times .
Yeah .
Who's that over here ?
What do you think of the teacher ?
What does she teach ?
Is she your teacher ?
Can she speak Chinese to her students ?
Judy , what is everybody talking about ?
You ’ re kidding . It can ’ t be true .
Really ? I ’ m surprised .
Hi , Mike . Haven't seen you for a while . How's Cathy ?
What happened ? Did you break up ?
Oh , I am sorry . Maybe you were just emotional at that moment . Do you think you guys can get back together ?
They're very good friends , aren't they ?
I went to Jessie's birthday party yesterday . It was very good .
We ate a lot of things . We played games and gave gifts to Jessie . We had a lot of fun .
My birthday comes next month . I want to hold a birthday party , too .
My friend finally dumped her boyfriend , and she's sworn she's going to abstain until she finds the right man to marry .
She's doing great , she's getting her confidence back , and her self-esteem , has improved drastically.She ' s very happy .
Do you have any plans for next Sunday evening ?
My friend , who had the mishap , wants to take us to dinner to show her gratitude for helping her .
Hey , Tom , what to go for a run ?
I try to do that , but I can ’ t get up early enough .
It ’ s so hot at lunchtime ; I ’ d rather run in the morning .
I could try , but I can ’ t say for sure if I ’ ll get up in time . What time do you want to go ?
O . K . , maybe if I have someone to go with , I ’ ll be able to get up in time for a jog .
How's the weather today ?
Is it going to rain today ?
Well , the way you drive , Jen ... I still don't think that's a good idea .
I know . It's a mix of all the latest songs .
No . I recorded these from your Cds .
Um , which of them is the better typist ?
Is there any difference in their short hand ?
How about languages ?
My friend George has been to Switzerland twice .
Yes , he likes the people and the quietness there .
Hello , Ann ! Is that you ?
It's been a long time ! What's new ?
Not bad I guess . I just got back from Hawaii .
I had a good time . You seem to be in a hurry . Don't let me hold you up .
Ok , I won't keep you then .
Yes , stay in touch . Bye !
Ok ... I ’ ll talk to you later . Bye
I just got off the phone with my boyfriend . He is always getting upset and losing his temper over nothing . It ’ s so hard to talk to him at times .
Yeah but , he is always in a really foul mood . I try to find out what ’ s bothering him or get him to talk about his day but , he always shuts down and brushes me off .
I guess you are right . What do you think I should do ? He wasn ’ t always this grouchy you know ...
Hi , my name ’ s Karl . My wife and I are moving in next door .
I ’ m happy to meet you . It seems everyone in town is so friendly .
Well , I ’ m from Chicago . There few people take the time to get to know their neighbors .
Look ! It ’ s the start of the Olympic Games .
You want to watch , don ’ t you ?
The question is easy for everybody.Don ' t you think so ?
Why do you say so ?
I can ’ t believe it !
Yes , but I bet $ 200 dollars on the Cougars !
I can ’ t believe it ! I thought the Cougars were going to win for sure .
20 to 1 , in favour of the Cougars !
Jenny , I was wondering ... if you .. eh are you busy this Friday ?
Oh , what about Saturday ? Are you free then ?
What about tonight ? Do you have plans tonight ?
Yes , yes , I want to take you to dinner .
Excuse me ? Is this where I register ? I ’ d like to sign up for my courses for next semester .
Here you are .
Yes . I do want to take some additional credits this year to get a minor in psychology .
Yeah . Here ’ s my list . I ’ m not sure if the class schedule will allow me to take all of them though .
Oh yeah ! Almost forgot ! I need to take fundamental linguistics , consumer psychology and neuroanatomy .
Is your city a historical place ?
How did it grow into such a large place ?
As the city grew , it must have absorbed many village nearby .
I see . Are there any building more than 200 years old in your city ?
Most of our customers are foreigners . How many foreign languages can you speak , Elizabeth ?
And how well can you speak them ?
And how about your Spanish ?
I see . Well , we have a lot of Spanish customers , but you wouldn't need to write any Spanish here .
Did you watch the old-fashioned wrestling game last night ?
Do you mind if I get a lift in your car , please ?
Oh you ’ re so kind !
Fred , can you tell me how I can open my QQ Zone ?
Well , I have to provide some of my information , right ?
All information is filled in and now I can design my zone .
Now everything is OK . I can write my blog , right ?
( Half an hour , Janice begins shouting excitedly . ) What's the matter with you ?
Do you remember Tina , my good friend ?
She just broke up with her boyfriend .
But the problem is she and her ex-boyfriend are working in the same department . It is somehow embarrassing for them to see each other everyday .
Hi Bill , I saw your grandma yesterday .
I was running around the track at my college and there she was walking around the same track .
Well , it pays off for her . How old is she anyway ?
What time shall I pick you up ?
Hi , Zhengjun , what make you so happy .
Hi , Linda . I haven't seen you for ages .
So do I .
Has the train come yet ?
It ’ s so unreliable . I ’ Ve been late for my meetings all this week .
Yes , my customers have started to complain too !
I've got some bad news about the bike you lent me .
I fell on the way to school , and your bike got scratched . I'm really sorry .
No , thank you .
It's kind of you to say . I feel a little stupid .
When you lent me the bike , it looked brand new , almost anyway .
Jenny is going to marry another man next month .
But , how can you be so calm . You loved her so much .
What's your favorite sport ?
Hello , Jane . What do you do in your spare time ?
Don't you have any hobbies , like stamp collecting or things like that ?
I like collecting antiques . It's expensive , but it's a lot of fun .
So far I have more than 500 collections .
It seems to me that everything is going digital nowadays .
Cool ! What brand
What about the quality ?
It's four o'clock already . I hate to leave , but I think I must .
Can I see your parents some time tomorrow ?
How about this weekend ?
Happy Thanksgiving !
Let's have pumpkin pie .
Are you going anywhere for your vacation ?
That'll be lovely . Where are you going ?
Well , you've got to prepare a lot of food and enough sleeping bags then .
It sounds good . You can do a lot of sightseeing , too .
So , you're going to have a really nice vacation .
Would you like to book a table , sir ?
Sure , when ?
For how many guests , please ?
How much would you like to spend ?
OK .
Eight .
Sure . The main courses are roast Beijing duck and fried eel slices .
Did you watch TV last night , Rose ?
What was it about ?
If so , we may live there someday .
Sure . I heard about this on the TV . On January 3rd , 2004 , Explorer Spirit landed near the so-called Guser Crater . And three weeks later , Spirit's twin explorer , Opportunity , landed on Meridian Planum named by scientists .
How is your job search going , Janet ?
Are you serious ? You studied mathematics at college for four years , and now you have a job working with your hands !
I can see that . But I didn ’ t know you had experience in that line of work .
We are going to the concert this evening . Will you join us ?
Why not ?
Well , if it isn't the teacher's pet !
You can't prove that by me . I saw the score on your report .
It just happened to be the highest grade in the class .
I worked hard too . But she always gives me a lower grade .
You won one million yuan in a lottery . What will you say ?
I understand . It's too good to be true , isn't it ?
I was supposed to meet with you at half past one .
There's a problem with my schedule .
Two of my classes occur at the same time .
Is it at all possible for you to fix that error ?
I want to keep both of them , if that's possible .
I went bungee jumping yesterday .
Hello , Tom , are you free next Sunday ?
I'm going to have my first baby , so I plan to hold a baby shower next Sunday .
It's the tradition . But baby showers as we know them today were not common until after World Warri .
So you will come , won't you ?
What are you doing ?
Mumm . no .
What ?
I have no idea what you ’ re talking about . The only sporting event we watch at home is the Super Bowl .
Sounds interesting , but soccer doesn ’ t really appeal to me .
All I know about soccer is that you can ’ t use your hands and that players are always falling down , trying to get a free kick or penalty kick . It seems like a sissy sport to me !
We have absolute proof that you committed the crime .
Where can I get the information , Kate ?
Why ?
That was a tough question . How did you get it right ?
There ’ s a letter here for you .
What ’ s the letter about ?
Tell me what it says !
You ’ re lying .
Are you upset ?
I ’ m sorry you didn ’ t get accepted .
The final examination will be held at the end of this month . Have you made good preparation ?
Are you sure you can do well this year ?
According to what you did last time , I have my doubts .
What ? How could you forget to reserve the concert tickets ?
How could you ? I reminded you just this morning .
I have been looking forward to this performance all month .
Did you hear what happened to Mike last night ?
Well , apparently he had too much to drink and got into some kind of trouble . Typical , isn't it ?
Did you hear ? The state is thinking of legalizing gambling in our city ! Soon we are gonna have amazing hotels and casinos here which will be good for our business !
What are you talking about ? How does it exploit people ?
Geez ! Now that I think about it , maybe legalizing gambling isn ’ t such a good idea ! Although , I have been to Las Vegas , and I didn ’ t become addicted or anything like that .
I'm tired of you always wearing my clothing !
I ’ m sure it will be wet when we arrive .
It will be Sunday so I expected everything will be closed .
But the bank should be closed so we shouldn't to be able to get any money .
Do you think we ’ ll need our overcoats ?
Why not ?
Is that very likely in England ?
Let's do something really nice for our family this Christmas .
I don't know yet .
I know what you mean .
Or do something that shows we have spent time thinking about them .
Uh ... that's Greek to me .
Well , mine are baggy . They're the kind of pants you can lounge around in .
So maybe we shouldn't go out after all .
Thanks . Sometimes talking with a friend is a great way to get over something . Do you mind if I vent a little bit ?
Great , because I am really mad at William . I mean , what kind of an idiot wouldn't be able to appreciate a smart , beautiful woman like me ? Anybody who would be friends with that guy has to be really dumb .
Mary is really a diligent girl .
She learns to speak Latin by osmosis within three months .
Hello , this is David .
Sure ! How about the coffee shop right across the street from my office ?
Does five thirty work for you ?
Is it the plans for my new house ?
I feel like going for a drink , it's been a long day .
How about the new bar across road ?
I agree , I had lunch there last week .
I have an idea for Christmas this year .
Let's not exchange any gifts at all .
Hear me out . We can pool the money and give it to a family who could really use it !
Actual 1y , it was their idea first .
Do you know anything about Dr . Miller's classes ?
I'm thinking of taking his class next semester .
Yes , I really need someone who is really good .
Maybe , but I'm not sure .
No , that stuff isn't important to me .
I don't care about any of that .
Hey , Ben ... did you catch the game last night ?
Baltimore defeated Texas by 17 points !
Football of course !
No , I'm talking about American football . The World Cup is soccer .
So Chinese people prefer soccer or basketball ?
Oh , certainly . I wouldn't miss a game for the world . My girlfriend says I have an addiction . And actually , if I had to choose between her and my games ... I'd probably pick football .
Julia , what's the weather forecast for tomorrow ?
Oh ! I hate rainy days !
Yes . I have to drive to Washington D . C .
Yeah ! But you know sometimes the weather forecast is not correct . Maybe tomorrow is a clear day . Who knows ?
Where would you like to have your dinner ?
You don't like Western food ?
Thanks for offering to give me a lift . I'm looking forward to this party , but I didn't want to go alone .
No , this is my first . Last week I went to a cookout 5 for new professors at Dean Barksdale's home . I took a taxi because I didn't want to be late . But I was the first one there .
You're right . The invitation said two to seven . I was there at two o'clock , but most people didn't arrive until three or four . They didn't start cooking until five o ’ clock .
Thanks for telling me this .
Why are you in such a hurry ? They said , Dinner at eight , and it's only seven-fifteen . I don't want to be the first one there again .
That ’ s really a let-down .
But that should not be the reason for you to lose heart .
Some people are always closing their handsets , so it's difficult to inform them .
Can short messages reach them ?
Why haven't I thought of this skill ?
I am informed that many people used short messages to pay a New Year call , and only on the Spring Festival it amounted to 1 billion this year , didn't it ?
Hey , sorry to be late .
My mother was ill . I had to look after her .
Hi ! How are you going ?
Not bad . How about you ? Haven't seen you for a long time .
Did you enjoy yourself ?
Thanks , I like looking at photographs . How nice ! Oh , I'm afraid I must be going now . I've got an appointment . Have a good day .
My goodness ! What happened ? You have blood on your face .
How could you have the heart to kill it ? We only have one !
How annoying !
Every time I try to start this program , the computer freezes .
I heard that James was fired because he got a keep back of 20 thousands dollars from a vender .
But mine could be a lie for his job .
Who did the stupid thing ?
Hello ?
Hi Joe .
It's really cold . It snowed all day and the schools closed early .
It's 30 degrees now . It was even colder this morning .
I was watching the news a little earlier . They said it's probably going to snow tomorrow .
Me too . How's the weather where you are ?
Mike promised to help us .
Why not ?
Hello , Ann ! Is that you ?
It's been a long time ! What's new ?
Not bad I guess . I just got back from Hawaii .
I had a good time . You seem to be in a hurry . Don't let me hold you up .
Ok , I won't keep you then .
Yes , stay in touch . Bye !
Tom , I've got good news for you .
Haven't you heard that your novel has won The Nobel Prize ?
You did a good job . I'm extremely proud of you .
Tom ! How are you ? We missed you at the party last night . Are you OK ?
Come on . We ’ Ve been through this already ! Look , I know the adjustment was hard when you first got here , but we agreed that you were gonna try and deal with it .
Yeah , it can get pretty lonely over the holidays . When I first got here , I ’ d get depressed and nostalgic for anything that reminded me of home . I almost let it get to me , but then I started going out , keeping myself busy and before I knew it , I was used to to it .
OK . how does this sound , let ’ s get you suited up and hit the dance club tonight . I hear that an awesome DJ is playing and there will be a lot of pretty single girls there !
Not at all ! It be fun ! It will be like a boys ’ night out ... well kinda ...
There was something wrong with the plane last Thursday .
Flight 198 . Fortunately , there were few passengers .
There are some things I miss . But I love Chinese food.And I think the people in Taiwan are really hospitable.Besides , I grew up in Los Angeles , so I'm used to living in crowded places.Why are you going to America ?
Why ?
Don't worry about it.Your sister lives there . She probably knows the places in town you shouldn't go.It ' s true there are some dangerous places in big American cities.But if your sister lives there , she must know the city pretty well already .
Don't believe what you see on TV . You will have a good time in New York.What things do you want to see ?
The museums are excellent . And the shopping ! Well ! I'm sure you'll spend a lot of money there .
I'm thirsty . Pull over to that store , I'll buy some drinks .
Oh , that's too bad , Where can you park around here ?
Is a shop there ?
Do you think I should ask Bob to help ? Will he come ?
That ’ s right . But I have bothered him several times .
Could you tell me what university you want to go to , John ?
What university would you enter ?
Oh , I forget.Sorry .
Did you ? And what course did you take there ?
I've not known.Perhaps , I've got a bad memory .
Did you have a good weekend ?
Oh I see . So what did you do then ?
Ahh . And how about on Sunday ? Did you watch the football ?
What do you want for your birthday from your parents ?
Why don't you ask them to buy you a PC ? You will soon use it at college .
Your husband is very helpful , isn't he ?
Really ?
Doesn't she have any friends ?
Such friends are even worse than enemies .
Let me get last week's notes .
I couldn't come .
I wasn't feeling well .
Thanks a lot ; are these all the notes ?
Thank you very much .
I wonder if you agree that money is not happiness .
Then how do you explain so many rich people committing suicide ?
He has worked five years in that bank .
You said it.Let ' s ask him to work in our bank .
Did you pass the test ?
I'm really curious . What is it like doing housework all day for a living ?
I still think that it is a bitstrange that you like to do that kind of thing . Most women would rather hire a maid .
How Ay clients do you have already ?
Wow . Too bad I don't have a clue about housework .
Hey , check out this new game I bought today .
I know you love the Oscars . This game has some great questions about all types of movies .
Hi , Mr . James , what ’ s the rush ?
I can lend you some money .
Can I help you in anyway ?
I am so sorry that I must be off now . My girlfriend told me I must arrive at her home in ten minutes or she will break up with me .
I ’ m sure that the boy will become nobody when he grows up .
I've got a complaint about the noise next door .
Some people aren't very considerate .
Yes , I think so .
We'll play the CD loud , is that all right ?
What should we do ?
Jim , I heard you ’ Ve bought a new computer .
Your office looks different with a computer . By the way , is it difficult to use a computer ?
A piece of cake ?
When I was at school , I was quite good at track and field events . I was on the school team for the long jump , 100 and 200 meter sprints and the javelin .
I wish that I were good at the discus , but I could rarely throw it in the right direction ! I was awful . With the hurdles , I could never jump over them !
No , I was good at the long jump . I liked the sprints best .
I was regional champion for the 100 and 200 meters . I usually did well in the dong jump competitions , but I couldn ’ t compete with kids from other schools in the javelin . How about you ?
May I have an appointment with you tonight ?
OK . where and when ?
Do you think people still have faith in the government ?
Why is that ?
How do you feel about teaching my friend how to read ?
He's 78 and he's a new emigrant from South America and he's never been to school .
No . But I thought that you could start with reading and then go from there .
Come on . You're great at teaching and I know you will love him . He's adorable !
I've just had an argument with Bob .
He did and it's his entire fault .
Hi , Stephanie . I hear you have a new job .
So how do you like it ?
Not bad . You know I'm an air traffic controller now .
Tom and Helen got married at last .
I was invited to attend their wedding .
I'm better now . Want to play again ?
Let's get all the balls out of the pockets .
Give me a call tomorrow .
I really need a new pair of trousers .
Yes , I do . This one is very old now .
They ’ re not all right . They ’ re uncomfortable and they look terrible .
Would you mind if I ask you whether you are married or not ?
Do you mean you got a divorce ?
what did you do over the weekend ?
do you think there's anything we can do to reverse the damage that's been done already ?
like what ?
what else can we do to protect the environment ?
how about recycling ? Does that actually help ?
what do you think is the biggest worry for our future ?
I had no idea you were such as environmentalist before !
What a bother having to climb storeys home every day .
I don't care !
What do people usually do on Saint Valentine's Day ?
What will the girls do ?
Excuse me , are you Dr . Smith ?
I'm David , Joanna's husband . She has to be at work late today . So she asked me to pick you up here .
Hey , Ann . You don't have a pen , do you ?
Thanks . I don't suppose you have some paper , too .
Please excuse me , but I really have to be going .
Hey Mark . What are you doing ?
Anything interesting on ?
So I take it you're pretty bored too .
It's Saturday and we are sitting at home doing nothing . What's wrong with us ?
I already tried to call up some of the guys , but they are all busy .
She's out shopping with her friends .
Aright . Do you have any cigarettes ?
Ok . See you there in about 30 minutes .
Bob's sister will go to America .
I thought you wanted to know more about her .
hey , Tom , did you enjoy your lunch ?
what ' the matter ?
I see . You simply can't blame the server for this .
that's true .
it was good . I brough lunch from home today .
well , I personally don't like then because i don't believe they are healthy .
yes . I am wondering that you must believe fast food is your lifestyle , don't you ?
well , actually two-thirds of Americans may avoid these places .
What's your favorite TV Program ?
I also like variety shows , but sometimes the host lacks a sense of humor .
What's up ? You look low .
How come ?
I understand that . But I think maybe it's not a date . You are taking the matter too much to heart .
Did you hear about car accident on Spring Road yesterday ?
Yes . I heard he had a few broken bones too , but that the doctors have set the fractures without any problems .
Yes . He was released from hospital yesterday evening . The other man could be there for weeks .
The hospital announced this morning that his condition is poor but stable . What does that mean ?
Happy New Year , Bill .
Do you have any plans for the New Year holiday ?
Are you sure Lucy has it bad for you ? If she does , she will certainly bend over backwards for you . But if she doesn't , it would be a job to change her .
And do you really love her ?
A friend of mine is now in the big house . He was caught red-handed for selling cocaine .
He must be regretting about having done the business .
I met Mark yesterday . He looked blue .
It belongs to the past . He lost his job the other day , and he ’ s up a tree now .
Look , the aliens are sending a message to Mulder . This rocks !
You have a pager ? ! That's a little high-tech for you , Stu . Are you sure you know how to use it ?
I want to meet you . Are you free this evening ?
No , I just want to meet you .
Hmm , that's all right . Shall we meet at the bar near the beach ?
Do you have any tissue , Eve ? I've used all mine .
Thanks . I am all right . It's just my nose . It must be an allergy . Do you have any aspirin ? I have a terrible headache .
No , no . I am okay . It's the weather . It was warm and sunny this morning and now it's chilly and raining .
I can't . I am already behind the schedule . Besides , you know Mr . White . He would think that I was putting him on .
Do I ? Oh , no .
What about Mr.White ?
How about a movie on Sunday , Mum ?
We could find a classical one .
You are in love with Mary , right ?
I'm going on a cruise this summer .
My brother won a free trip and he's taking me .
Where do you spend the weekend ?
That's nice .
How's your work ?
Not bad . But we have lost a few of staff lately .
Because of the low salaries .
I don't know why .
Good morning , Linda . How have you been ?
I ’ m sorry to hear that . Is there anything else I can do ?
Well , I hope you ’ ll feel better soon .
Are you going to watch the Indy Five Hundred on TV this weekend ?
You were when we were in high school . That , and baseball .
True , but I still have to watch my baseball . The season's in full swing now .
How do you feel ?
I can't believe it ! I lost .
That's not fair , you got all the easy questions .
I want a rematch . Let's play again .
do you need a hand ?
are you sure you don't need any help ?
I swear , the overhead compartments on these planes just keep getting smaller and smaller !
yes . What about you ?
oh , I guess I'll let you through then .
that's alright . I notice you have a few newspapers there . Would you mind lending me one ?
I prefer the British paper , but I'll read whatever one you aren't going to read right away .
thanks a lot . That's really nice of you . Would you like a piece of gum ?
Are you listening to me , Dan ?
What did I just say ?
Man , I ’ m freaking out ! You gotta help me !
I can ’ t go through with this ! I just can ’ t ! I ’ m not ready for marriage ! What was I thinking ? I ’ m only thirty five years old ! I ’ Ve got my entire life ahead of me , adventures waiting ! I can ’ t settle down yet !
I know . I know !
You ’ re right . I ’ m being crazy ! Ok , I ’ m ready , let ’ s do this !
Hi , why do you look so depressed today , Mike ?
How come ?
I know everyone suffers when he is misunderstood . But why not take it easy ?
Who's that over here ?
What do you think of the teacher ?
What does she teach ?
Is she your teacher ?
Can she speak Chinese to her students ?
The teacher just canceled the test .
Hello ?
Oh , hi . I was just watching TV .
I know . I was watching a re-run . I have nothing to do and I was bored .
I'd like to , but I have to meet my parents in an hour for dinner . How about tomorrow ?
Did you hear the weather forecast for tomorrow ?
That's great . We can do something outdoors then .
Yeah . I think there's a live outdoor concert by the river tomorrow .
Do you know what time it starts ?
Let's meet for lunch at eleven thirty and afterwards , we can head over there .
Would you go to the bookstore with me ?
Do you know Jeffery has published his second detective novel ?
So what are you interested in ?
I know that magazine . It ’ s very popular .
When can we expect you for dinner ? Can you come tonight ?
Well ... How about Friday then ?
Good . Shall we say seven o'clock ?
That'll be for you to decide . I've got a new dish that I want to try out on you .
I don ’ t understand why you always look so happy , so energetic . It seems like you ’ Ve got good news everyday .
All I know is you look quite differently from other teachers .
Oh , I know . I saw you doing pull-ups one time on the campus 5 and some students trying to imitate you .
It ’ s true . Many students do the exercise when they have to . We have P . E . once a week .
Of course . I didn ’ t know that . I only know exercise makes bodies stronger . I should take some exercise then . Do you have any suggestions ?
Which kind of sport do you like to watch ?
So you must like NBA game .
What kind of sport do you like to participate in ?
I prefer the indoor sports , such as bowling , badminton and squash .
How about playing tennis with me ?
Good morning , Jerry.How ' s everything ?
Doing anything for lunch ?
Excuse me . Can you tell me how to get started using these machines ?
Yes .
Nice to meet you .
No , I don't . So I need some help .
Yes , I know that.Derek just led me through the warm up in the aerobics room.So I'm ready , I think . I can start using the machines .
What do you mean--a membership card ? I already have one .
I'm ready .
I see . So this card helps me to keep track of my progress .
Alright . Great .
Great . Why don't we start on the machines ?
I'm sorry . I know there are still seven machines . But I'm exhausted .
What can I do though ? I don't know the proper settings for the rest of the machines .
Don't be afraid . Give it a try .
what are you doing ?
you really like brains that make you think , don't you ?
I guess the games I like the most are the ones that I'm good at !
Well , I like to play darts . Whenever I go to a bar , I usually play for a few hours .
My parents used to love to play checkers and dominoes . We used to have family tournaments every weekend .
Not at all . I never really did , to be honest . What about you ? Did your family used to play games together ?
Some of my friends play cards on the internet . Have you ever tried that ?
How about mah-jong ?
I thought everyone in your country were experts at mah-jong !
I didn't like my brother's batting around without doing anything useful .
They got a divorce at last .
You said it . Love but on the sand will soon be on the rocks .
Do you like traveling , Kathy ?
Or getting stuck in traffic jams when you ’ re driving .
Can you believe that Susan got married ?
No . That ’ s what is surprising me .
He ’ s a postman .
What sort of things do you grow in your garden ?
When is your garden at its best ?
Good afternoon !
I'm very well , thank you.How are you ?
Yes , it's beautiful , but it's also very hot .
What's the weather like in your country ?
Where do you live ?
Oh , no ! Now I'll be late .
Yes , I'd appreciate it if you could drive me downtown .
What a great weekend that was !
I really enjoy the beach in the summer .
We should come here more often .
I'd like to come back next weekend .
What's this , I wonder ?
A coffee grinder ?
We've got a new manager in our department .
Yes , I did .
Someone called Drexler . Carl Drexler . He's been with the company onlytwo years . I've been here longer . And I know more about the job , too
Because I'm the wrong sex , of course !
Yes , that was probably it ! It isn't fair .
A dark suit . White shirt . A tie . Why ?
You mean you think I didn't get the job because I come to work in jeansand a sweater ?
Do you really think I should wear different clothes ?
Why should I wear a skirt ? Or a dress ?
Why should I do that ? I'm good at my job ! That's the only important thing !
It's a sunny day , isn't it ?
My name is David . Nice to meet you , too .
No , I'm a Britisher . Where do you come from ?
Yes . What about you ?
Great . Maybe we can study and play games together . I think we can be good friends .
You keep bowling spares but no strike .
I don't think it was the problem with your hands , you did several excellent spares . You have no problem with your hands .
The problem is you are too nervous . You want to have a strike so much , so you deliver the ball too hard . And when it comes to the I second roll , there's no pressure . That's why you could bowl all those spares .
Nice to see you , Patrick .
Yeah . All of us tried our best .
Are you free on the thirteenth in the afternoon ?
I'm sorry . I'm attending a meeting at the Hilton then .
No . I'm busy then too . I'm meeting Dorothy Heath at North Bridge Road . Are you free on Thursday afternoon ?
Good idea ! Is two o'clock okay ?
Did you enjoy the movie ?
Sorry to hear that . I think it's even better than On the Golden pond .
Hi Jackie . You don't look too well . What's going on ?
Why ? What's stressing you out ?
The best thing to do is study as much as you can . I'm sure you'll do alright .
I have to study for an exam too . Why don't we study together . We can encourage each other .
The new webpage design is much more effective than before . I feel confident it will rope in a lot more business because of its user-friendly format .
The old page was okay , alright , but there wasn't a big influence in our sales volume , because the site wasn't developed with an eye towards the marketing aspect . Now it's different . We got our marketing department team in on the action , and the results are smashing ...
First , the visitors to the site are encouraged to give their contact information . They can sign up for a free monthly drawing . Once we've got their info , it goes into a database for future marketing mailers and advertising targeting . Also , there are clear links to descriptions of our products and services , so as to give confidence to new customers . We also added a specific area for on-line customer service ... So far we've gotten a ton of positive feedback ...
Did you know that drinking beer helps you sing better ?
Well , usually people think I'm a terrible singer , but after we all have a few beers , they say I sound a lot better !
Pardon me . Could you please pass me the tissue ?
Thanks , I didn't expect the dish to be so spicy . Are you ok ?
Well , not every Chinese can handle spicy food in the way people from Sichuan and Guizhou provinces can . Back where I come from , people don't eat a lot of papers and chilies .
Yeah , you can increase you tolerance for spicy food , but so far , I haven't had the need or the opportunity . Every time I try spicy food , it is a total disaster for my nose and eyes .
Yeah , I guess that's a typical example of ' when in Rome , do as the Romans do . '
Tom , Christmas Day is coming . Merry Christmas to you .
Could you lend your bike to me for several days ?
Till the end of the week .
Don't you feel a little strange taking the place of your old boss after he was demoted ?
Did they mutiny ?
It is a really good chance for you to get more exposure at work . supervisors get to take the credit for all the hard work of the people under them .
How about a game of tennis ?
It's a deal .
Are you feeling better today , Bill ?
You'd better give up smoking . It's bad for your health .
But you should make up your mind first .
Why don't you go to bed and get up early ? You'll have the same time for work .
Hi , John , how was your vacation ?
That must have been wonderful . Do anything interesting ?
Wow ! Isn ’ t that dangerous ?
Tell me about it .
500 feet ! I would never be able to do that .
What did her boss say to you ?
Yeah . You look so unhappy recently . What ’ s the matter .
Hi , Tina , it's Joe .
What's the weather like there today ?
What's the temperature ?
Have you heard what the weather is going to be like tomorrow ?
I really don't like the winter . I wish it were summer .
Mom , I just finished my paper . Can you proofread it before I hand it in ?
Thanks .
I really did ! I started thinking about what I wanted to say three weeks ago .
How about doing shopping this weekend ?
Sportshoes.Will you go with me ?
Merry Christmas !
I said Merry Christmas ! Don't you know that Christmas is almost here ?
Huh ? Didn't you know ? Aren't you excited ?
Forgotten about it ? How could you ?
Oh , I'm sorry . I didn't know .
I guess so . So what do you do around this time of year ?
Well , would you be horribly offended if I invited you to a Christmas party at my house ?
It's all over . I'm bankrupt .
Bill , Happy Halloween !
I will dress up as a vampire with big fangs .
Sure . Wait a moment . ( Several minutes later ) Here you are .
I will bite many beautiful girls on the neck tonight . Maybe I will suck their blood .
I think that ’ s settled .
How dare you speak to me like this .
Hey , Karen . Look like you got some sun this weekend .
That ’ s great . Where did you stay ?
So , what did you do out there ? I mean besides bask in the sun , obviously .
Not to mention cooler . Did you go swimming ?
It all sounds so relaxing . I wish I could get away to the beach like that .
OK class , so today we are going to continue with our anatomy class , today we will review everything we have learned . Can anyone tell me what the first major organ is ?
That's right , the brain ! It serves as a control center for the body , handling the processes of the central nervous system as well as cognition . Then what major organ is in our chest ?
Very good ! It pumps blood throughout the body , using the circulatory system such as blood vessels and veins . Now let's not forget that our lungs provide oxygen to our heart and body to keep us alive ! Now what about the organs that help us digest food ?
Very good ! Let's not forget that the stomach is the one that breaks down our food and our intestines process that food and then expel the waste . Are we forgetting anything ?
Oh yes , you are right . Very important organs indeed .
It's not good for business recently .
Do you know how to play go ?
But I heard it is very difficult to play .
Linda ? Is that you ? I haven't seen you in ages !
What have you been up to ?
Good for you ! What are you doing ?
I knew some day I would be able to profit from your love of fun !
So , what ’ s new in the kitchen ? That refrigerator is new , isn ’ t it ?
That ’ s usual nowadays . You ’ Ve added a few shelves too .
Did you buy new cupboards too ?
I see that you have bought several new pots and pans and utensils .
Looking at the spice rack , I ’ d say you ’ Ve been learning how to make asian food .
Both kinds of food are becoming popular.Nowadays , it ’ s very easy to pick up the ingredients at the supermarket .
How do you like skiing , Pat ?
I suppose skiing is easy for you .
I see . Do you ski often ?
That sounds great .
Not on your life ! I know I'd break my leg
Hi , Dave . This is Zina .
I got your e-mail a couple of months back .
The one that said , You're a creep . From me you won't hear another peep . I hope you wreck your jeep .
Hello , my name is Bill Martin and we have a reservation for party tonight .
I need to cancel that . We have had a last minute change of plans .
OK , we will let you know as early as possible . By the way , will we be able to get a refund on this cancellation ?
Thank you very much .
Can I use your laptop for a while ?
Oh , isn't your computer Wi-Fi capable ?
Oh my , no internet access is killing me .
No , I'm not feeling myself . I just want to check my emails , visit my favorite websites and chat with my friends .
What does that mean ? there's nothing wrong with me .
That's alright . I just can't bear losing track of all the latest information . It almost drives me crazy .
Sally , I ’ m tired of this Western food . I really miss my mother ’ s Sichuan cooking .
I have tried . But Americans like butter , bread , sugar , and cream too much .
It ’ s interesting that Americans work very hard at their jobs , do not take naps during the day , and yet they can be so heavy .
Tell me something about your Valentine's Day .
So romantic . Young people must have lot of fun .
What will happen to the children if you break up ?
Why don't you make up with John .
Have you ever been to Japan ? I'm going in the fall .
Really ? Tell me about it . What's it like ?
Where did you go ?
What did you think of Tokyo ?
Yeah . I've seen pictures of the crowds !
And how about Kyoto ?
How was the weather ?
Where do you live now ?
Which street do you live on ?
Who did the stupid thing ?
I don't think so . Dick has been on the ball and never does things like that .
Can I help you ?
Just a second . I'll see if I can find them for you .
Here you are . You must return them within a month .
You can come in and renew them unless someone else has reserved them .
Hi Sam , would you like to come for a curry with us next Friday ?
Jane , Susan , Pete and two colleagues of mine from work .
Susan suggested the one on Main Street . She says it is very good .
You know , the one just on the corner with Oxford Street . There is a large pharmacy next door .
Okay then . I think we will all meet outside ?
At 8 o'clock . I will make the reservation .
Did you have a part-time job when you were still in school ?
Yeah , I worked about twenty hours a week in a pizza restaurant .
It was always very busy there .
I stood behind the register and took pizza orders .
Did you like the play ?
You're absolutely right . The acting could be better .
I need some books on hardware .
Great ! They're the very books I want.May I borrow two books ?
I don ’ t know why I married him .
He never see eye to eye with me .
Why is the long face ?
Did you just get your review or something ?
That sucks .
Look on the bright side . At least you have a job .
Exactly . Instead , we should have some drinks tonight .
You're so witty ...
This watch is supposed to be worn on your left hand .
It's better for right-handed people like me . See , I don't even have to move my arm to see the time .
Is there any ticket left for tonight's concert ?
What a shame . Will there be the same performance tomorrow evening ?
Does Tom drink a lot ?
Do you offer a course in business management ?
How many nights a week is it ?
And how long does the course last ?
When does it start ?
What time is the class ?
How much does it cost ?
Yes , that's all right . I want to enroll in the course .
Do you want me to fill it out now ?
How many passengers are there aboard the ship ?
What ’ s your schedule like this year ?
What ’ s your major ?
Oh , don ’ t you have to take that class on 18th century poetry ? It ’ s really difficult . I hear the students in that class have to write a paper 100 pages long .
When is it due ?
Okay , next question . If Eric asked you out on a date , what would you say ?
Let ’ s see ... If I won the lottery , I would buy two tickets for a trip around the world .
My dad will freak out if I even mention a trip like that !
Something wrong ?
What's wrong ?
Do you want me to take a look ?
Well , if you change your mind , let me know .
No problem .
Sure . I have all kinds of tools . Just ask . I ’ ll be happy to get them for you .
Anything for you . Seriously , I don ’ t mind helping .
I've been standing here since half past seven . Where on earth have you been ?
It's really very easy saying you're sorry .
Dalian is a beautiful city . Do you agree ?
The climate here is pleasant .
This city is really comfortable to living .
No other city can match it . It's heaven .
Maybe .
Do you know that Mary an Ben have already separated ?
Alice , your father is amazing . He ’ s 90 years old and he lives alone in that big house .
That sounds like my Grandmother . She was always stubbornly independent .
They see their independence as a kind of character strength .
How are you making out ?
I hope so . Thank you again for your delightful gift .
Happy Birthday , Mary !
Here is a gift for you . I hope you like it .
I had my own ways of finding out . It's a secret . You look so beautiful today . Your new shirt goes well with your skirt .
Really ? It looks so nice .
All right .
No , thanks . I've had enough . Now , Mary , before you blow out the birthday candles , you have to make a wish . After that , you may cut the cake .
No , just a small one . Next let's sing ' Happy Birthday ' to Mary .
How did you meet your girlfriend ?
That's great . Did you start dating right after you met , or did you become friends first ?
Is there anything available for tonight ?
Isn't there anything else available ?
I haven't seen your father in like 5 years . How is he doing ?
Why ? What's wrong ?
Is it due to old age or is he sick .
That makes sense . It's important to take care of your health early in life .
Well , I hope he starts feeling better . Say hi to him for me .
Wedding rings !
Aren't they cool ? I like the settings .
No . I just like looking at wedding rings , OK ?
Hurry up , get in .
OK , make a left here . . . no wait , I meant make a right . Come on , speed up !
Don ’ t worry about it , just drive . Oh , no , the light is about to change . . . step on it !
Whatever . Just turn right here . . . . The freeway will be packed at this hour . . . . let ’ s take a side street.Go on ! Get out of our way ! Move , move !
Here , I know a short cut ... just go down here , and we ’ ll cut though Ashburn Heights . Let ’ s go , let ’ s go ! Watch out for that lady !
Yes ! We made it . 5:58 , just before the library closes .
I've heard so much about Japan . Is it a beautiful country ?
Yes , I do feel the same way about France . The swift rivers , the fertile valleys , the large cities-its scenery is beautiful . Will you describe the geography of Japan ?
Oh , no , France isn't an island . It is located in the western part of the European continent . But France does have many fine harbors and port cities on its southern and western coasts . Does Japan have good harbors ?
No , France isn't very mountainous . But it does contain the Pyrenees , a large mountain range with high peaks and deep canyons . What kind of Climate does Japan have ?
Yes , the climate of France rarely has severe winters . In southern France , one can live in comfort the whole year . Is Japan good for farming ?
No , rice isn't grown in France . But farming , fishing and industry are also very important in France . I'd like to go to Japan some day . Would you like to visit France ?
I don't know why Mark often comes to me and asks me for advice . I smell some rat in it .
Nonsense ! There's no indication that he's in love with me .
Hi , why do you look so depressed today , Mike ?
How come ?
I know everyone suffers when he is misunderstood . But why not take it easy ?
Maybe we'd better go now .
Gosh , it's already 10.Stay here if you like .
My uncle passed away last night .
Diana , in your opinion , which is more important , IQ or EQ ?
I watched the movie Forrest Gump last night . And the question just lined in my mind .
Why ? You seem pretty sure about it .
But IQ is decided at birth.One can't expect to make a lot of improvement in it .
That ' s true , but what if one comes across some difficulties . He must rely on his EQ to deal with them .
I think it is independent of IQ and plays a prominent role in deciding the way we live our lives .
Just as Forrest ?
Come on ! It's time to go !
Well , I've got to stop and get gas in the car , first .
Well , it won't if there no line at the pump .
I'll give you five more minutes , then I'm going on without you !
How's business ?
Wow , that terrible movie is finally over . Next time I ’ m picking the film , because I don ’ t want to end up seeing a chick flick .
Not everything , just this film . Even the title is ridiculous . and it ’ s so long , those are the two and a half most wasted hours of my life , so much so that I ’ m thinking about asking them to give me my money back .
I ’ m only complaining about a movie that I could have rented or bought and then thrown in the garbage .
Next time , go with your gay friend who is more in touch with his feelings .
Love stories ? More like one-night-stands .
My friends ? Fat ? What about those whales you call friends ?
Which language do you speak ?
Yes , I do . I ’ m learning Chinese now on the internet .
It ’ s not easy , particularly with listening and speaking , because sometimes the connection isn ’ t too good .
Actually , many of the characters are the same or very similar in both Chinese and Japanese , so they ’ re easy for me .
Yes . How are the Spanish classes going ?
Why didn't you tell me you had a girlfriend ?
But you should tell me you were in love with her .
You know you didn't .
Yes , but you might have told me before .
You can't be serious . How dare you not tell me you are going to marry her ?
So , did you go out with Richard ?
Did you like it ?
Yeah . So did you do anything else ?
Did you have fun there ?
Would you like to go to work or continue your studies after graduation ?
So you will continue to study for a master's degree ?
How can you finance your education abroad ? It is very expensive to study abroad .
It's hard to get tickets for the movie .
Yeah , two at the tenth rows .
What a great weekend that was !
I really enjoy the beach in the summer .
We should come here more often .
I think Andy's party will be fun .
What's that ?
Sure . Oh , that reminds me . Could I borrow your black leather boots ?
Hi , Mr . Smith . Are you enjoying the cookout ? You don't look too happy .
Is that what people usually do on Memorial Day ?
I went to Super Junior's concert last night . It was fantastic .
Yes , their new album just came out last week . It is number one on the billboard .
The lyrics of the new song are beautiful , too . Can you sing ?
Let's go buy their new album . Want to come with me ?
I am a little nervous about my presentation on Friday .
Wouldn't that take you away from your project ?
Is there a good time for you to help me ?
How about meeting in my office ?
Sounds like you'll be able to help me a lot .
If you can choose , will you marry a foreigner or a Chinese ?
Not yet . But I wonder if I can get my parents ’ consent .
You are right . It is giving me a real headache . I feel like I ’ m between a rock and a hard place .
Oh , how did you deal with it ?
Oh , it ’ s a pity . What was the matter ?
Like what ?
Oh , I see . In their culture women should put family first .
So that's why it ’ s hard to have a happy marriage with a foreigner .
Where is Tom ?
What ? It ’ s only 9p . m . Now . Why today he went to bed so early ?
Hi , Ann .
I just heard that our school will hold a singing contest in 5 days .
Of course . This is a great chance for me to show off my beautiful voice .
I heard that the winner gets a Panda Radio .
A chance ? Not just a chance , I'm a hundred percent certain.Everyone says my voice is beautiful .
I still have 5 days to practise . It's in the bag !
I've got to go to bed . Have to work tomorrow .
I wonder if it is possible that we organize a dinner party for all the colleagues in our departments . They are working very hard these days . Maybe it is time for everybody to relax a little .
Well , what about this Thursday evening after we finish the weekly meeting ?
What day is today ?
What's the date today ?
Oh , today's International Labour Day . Is it our working day ?
Can you take part in our picnic this Saturday ?
We plan to go to a forest in the suburb . There is a beautiful river there . We can do some fishing .
And don't forget your fishing tackle .
Daniel , what are you doing here ? Aren't you supposed to be at school now ?
Well , we shall make it a secret between us .
She is the cheer-leader . They are required to put on a performance . Look ! Here they come .
I want to be like her .
Hey , young man ! I'm your sis . Don't talk to me like that .
Boy , you've got such a crush on her , haven't you ?
Are you out of your mind ?
You know John ?
Yes . I ’ Ve read news about him in today ’ s paper .
I wish he could too .
He ’ s a bit tired , you know . It often takes him a couple of hours to brush up .
You have made a poor meal . Let me get you some more fish .
What about some drink ?
Good morning . I want to apply for a library card .
But I hear that the card is free .
There will be a refund when I return the card , right ?
I am very proud of John .
What do you think of the plan for the new airport near here ?
What do you think of that situation comedies showed every weekend ?
You're becoming a real television watcher .
May I invite you for a dance ?
You dance well . Do you breakdance ?
There's a story about breakdancing in the paper .
According to the story , it's some sort of modern dance style .
Well , breakdancing is more a physical exercise than a dance .
Right , a disco is a place where people dance according to nonstop recorded music ...
Could we borrow the company van for a fundraiser this weekend ?
It is in the hotel ballroom down the street .
We will need it for both days .
The van will be driven by Mary and me .
Oh yeah , no problem . Would you mind if we borrowed a few of the chairs from the lunchroom .
Guess who I saw yesterday ?
Avril Lavigen !
yeah , I worked as temporary staff in her concert . Look , her poster , a CD ...
not really . But I like some of her songs . She's actually very talented . She's a song writer and fashion and fashion designer , too .
yes , though I don't think her acting skills are that great .
she looked sweeter than her pictures .
no , there were too many people . When she got out of the car , her fans were all screaming , trying to give her flowers and ger her autographs .
Can you lend me fifty bucks ?
I guess I don't earn enough .
That's my business , not yours .
So how do you survive from pay day to pay day ?
I'm not disciplined enough I guess .
How do you think the transport system in our city could be improved ?
I think we just need to build more roads . Then there would be more space for cars to drive and we ’ d have fewer traffic jams .
How would you do that ?
I don ’ t know . I think it ’ s unfair to make drivers pay more money . They already pay a lot of tax-petrol tax , for example .
The air would certainly be cleaner if there were fewer cars being used in the city . The problem is that people will see it as reducing their freedom . It well be unpopular .
What day is today ?
Oh , The day after tomorrow is Christmas .
You ’ re new here , right ?
Will this be your first year ?
What school did you come from ?
Why ’ d you transfer here ?
Is PCC a good school ?
I hope you enjoy it here .
The bridegroom looks a bit nervous .
Oh , they are playing the wedding March . Here they come .
I am so happy for them .
Yes , I always cry at weddings .
Yes , they are .
In fact , we are beginning to make preparations .
No , no , for the engagement .
Jessica is going back to Holland next week . I've been thinking a lot about what to give her as a parting gift , but I still have no clue .
yeah , that's her . We had a lot of wonderful times together . She is really a special friend , and I want to get her something meaningful .
I don't think so . That way it would lose all the charm . I want it to be a surprise . I want to show her that I care about her and I hope our friendship will last .
hmm , I think I've got an idea . Maybe I can get her an ever-green plant to take back home .
I hope so . I'll make sure to get a small one so she can put it into her suitcase . I hope it won't cause her trouble at the border .
Have you got your invitation yet ?
The house warming party .
Tom and Bill Smith . They are both working now you know ? And they've bought a new house .
It's out in the suburbs .
Yes , I have . I went out with them last weekend .
Yes , it is . There are three bedrooms , a living room , a dining room , and a big kitchen . There's also a garden .
They are moving today . Tom's taken the day off . He's rented a truck , and they should have all their furniture in the house tonight .
Next Saturday night . You should get your invitation today or tomorrow .
Have you ever been to Xi ’ an ?
I ’ Ve heard many people saying that it is a place worth touring . I really want to see the old walls and terra-cotta warriors one day . Of course I won ’ t miss the local food either . You know , the sites interests a food in scenery , food is a key factor when visiting a place .
Sure it is . Is it convenient to get there by plane ?
Tomorrow is Sunday . Let's go out and get some fresh air .
why not ? I love animals and I love nature .
sounds very interesting . I can't wait to go there .
That is true . Some people go camping , some people pick fresh fruit , some people go boating and some people go grass skiing .
Well , now you know . Let's go to the lake over there . Some people are fishing over there . I haven't had a chance to fish in a lake , I really want to try .
Yes . we can get what we need at the stands right by the lake . Who do you think will catch a big fish first ?
Wait and see . I want to try horseback riding after fishing . It looks very exciting and fun .
how are you doing ?
what happened to him ?
was it his first offence ?
what happened to him then ?
did they take his license away ?
what do you think will happen to him ?
that doesn't sound too promising . Does he have a defence lawyer ?
my sister is a lawyer . I can ask her if she can help him .
Well , sir , we are asking all our guests to wear a jacket and a tie in our restaurant .
I'm sorry you can't borrow a jacket and a tie .
Certainly.What time will you come back ?
How many in your party ?
You know Ernie , it seems we both like the same artists .
But if we're going to start a band , we have to be able to sing and dance . Can you do that ?
I wish I had access to the public library .
Are you ready ?
Is this your brother-in-law ?
From his looks , I'd say he's a man of character .
You seem to very busy these days . What are you doing ?
Where did you spend your holiday ?
Our team just scored a goal .
Tell me about it .
Want to meet for lunch this Saturday ?
What are you doing ?
What kind of volunteer work ?
Oh , yeah ?
Tom , is Jenny crying ?
I ’ m just coming for that .
She ’ s your sister.What she asked was only duck soup for you.Why can ’ t you be good to her ?
You ’ re making my blood boil .
I'm about to explode ! You ’ Ve made a mess of this matter .
Sorry isn ’ t good enough ! What can you do to help me ?
Well , obviously , what you ’ re doing is not good enough !
Can you tell me something about financial aid ?
How to apply for it ?
Then ...
What if not ?
How was Mei ’ s party on Saturday ?
Oh really ? What did you do ?
I see . Anything else ?
What's the temperature today ?
What's the weather forecast for tomorrow ?
Are you used to the climate here ?
What is the average temperature of Beijing ?
Which season do you like best ?
I simply couldn ’ t help giving him the fish-eye when I knew all that .
However , he disappointed us very much this time .
Kelly , the guys and I think you should run for senior class president .
We talked to our older brothers and sisters last night and got the scoop on what that job is all about .
Yes . Did you know that the senior class president works for the class for life ? The job doesn't stop when we graduate .
Every class reunion is organized by the president and council and anything our class does for the school in later years is headed by the president .
Wow ! You look like a drowned rat ! Didn't you know there is a thunder-storm today ?
Well . You'd better take a hot shower right now , or you will catch a cold .
Why are those people crying ?
Tomb Sweeping Day ? What is it ?
What do they do ?
Er ... Alison ?
I just wanted to congratulate you ! I mean , it was a good race and you deserve to win .
It was that final sprint ! You were great ! Really !
Why aren't you at work ?
How is the college search going ?
But don't you want to study music ? Shouldn't it be easy ?
I know . You have to decide if you want to attend a school in a city or in the country , a big school or a small school , a public or private school ...
I see . Well , don't forget to talk to the college counselor at the school . He usually gives good advice and can help point you in the right direction.He gave me some information , and next week I'm going to take a look at some of the colleges he recommended .
I ’ m trying to decide what school to apply for .
I ’ m not sure . What ’ s the difference between them ?
Which is better ?
I hear you have to wear uniforms at private schools .
Excuse me , Professor . I am going to miss next week's class .
No , I have to do this ; it's important !
I've made arrangements with a friend to help me .
Yes , I know .
OK , I can do that .
It seems so strange to be here , burying you , but it's not you .
This has been the worst and best day of my life , Taylor . They kept you in the hospital , and ...
But you're OK ? It was nothing serious , was it ?
The air quality in this city is horrendous . The pollution levels are so high that we are not supposed to go outside with a face mask again !
On top of that , there are a few large chemical factories in the suburbs , which are contributing to the high pollution levels in the water and the air in this city .
I know what you mean . However , there are so few places left that have not been affected by global warming . If it's not the pollution , then it's the natural disasters , deforestation , or the greenhouse effect .
It's the gradual rise in the earth's temperature .
They're related to one another , yes .
People joke about the benefits of the increase in temperature , but it's not all good news . They've been experiencing a lot of deadly storms there as well .
What would you like to do tonight ?
What about going to a movie ?
Mary , be calm .
No , listen to me . I always regard you as my best friend . I admire you , and of course you've helped me so much . I should thank you .
No , listen to me . Perhaps it's my fault that I treat everybody so well . Maybe in other people's eyes , I want you to be my girl-friend . but ... but ...
OK ... OK ... Anyway . I will treat you as my best friend . I hope you can do the same .
Would you mind doing something for me ?
Would you please explain the meaning of the word ?
Our maths teacher is rather humorous .
No , not at all.His examples are really interesting .
Yeah , how about your maths teacher ?
Bad luck , Anne .
She's another antique .
Hey , if you're not busy this weekend , would you like to go see a movie ?
How about that European movie ?
Yeah , that's the one I've heard the special effects and the plot are outstanding .
Could you do me a favor ?
Could you possibly give me a lift home ?
Are you sure ? I don't want to inconvenience you .
I have an appointment for half past one .
Well , I have a problem with my class schedule .
It seems that I've been given two classes scheduled at the same time .
Is there any way that you can fix my schedule ?
Yes , I do .
It's said that the government will clamp down on the new policy .
I am not certain about that .
Did you hear that Mary ’ s marriage is on the rocks ?
Yesterday I met Mary , and she told me her husband often made pass at his secretary .
Are there any interesting articles in today ’ s newspapers ?
Is there anything of interest to us in the business sections ?
Are the reports favorable ?
That ’ s interesting . They must be thinking of moving into that market . Are there any interesting editorials ?
I ’ m not surprised . That article certainly added fuel to the debate . Ok . Thanks . Can you leave two articles and the advertisements with me ? I ’ d like to read them .
Can you imagine a boat letting in the river ?
Sure thing . I have an experience like that .
I am looking for some information about home stay .
How did you pay them ?
He followed me all the way home !
Yes , he was . I'm not imagining it.Finally , just when I got home , I turned around and looked at him.He was just standing there . He didn't smile . He just stood there . It was so obvious.What should I do ? I'm so scared . Can I call the police ?
Why can't I call the police now ? He was definitely following me !
I suppose . What can they do ? I don't even know who he is .
What's your favorite book ?
Why do you like it best ?
Well . I like the Thorn Birds best .
Sure . I like the writer's language , too .
Would you like to go to the bookshop with me ?
May I help you ?
May I see your library card , please ?
Apparently , you have unpaid late fees .
You owe some money .
You owe $ 24.50 .
Until you pay it , you can ’ t check out books .
How did you choose courses when you were abroad ?
Wait a minute . There are some new terms for me . I can hardly follow you .
Everything is so new to me . I think I'll have to experience a very difficult period when I get there .
I am very grateful for your advice .
So it is hard to be a black student on campus ?
Stereotypes ? Like what ?
I do know you like rap music , but the other two are definitely false . I ’ Ve seen you play basketball .
You mean that people look down upon you because they think you're in school because of a quota ? That's not true at all , you're really a smart guy .
Teachers ? I didn't think that they would be racist at all .
Could you help me ?
I can't seem to find my class .
It's in the C building .
Do you think you can tell me where it is ?
It's room number 261 .
Could you show me where it is ?
John , have you ever watched Beijing Opera ?
What do you think of it ?
I couldn't agree more . Actually , I'm a Beijing Opera fan .
Let ’ s play a game !
No , no , a friend of mine taught me this really fun game . I ’ m going to describe someone ’ s face , and you guess who it is !
Let ’ s see . He has a roman nose , bushy eyebrows and dimples !
Aunt Rose ! That mole is so huge ! OK , my turn . He has a crooked nose and full lips . He has quite a few freckles and an oval face . Oh , he is also bald !
Hi Julie , how are things going ?
I'm doing really well .
Julie , do you know who that woman is over there by the window ?
I thought that he was with Malia .
I bet that Lee wasn't too happy with that !
You can take this car into consideration . It works well and its price is reasonable .
So , Emily , how was your day ?
It can't have been that bad . Go on and tell me about it .
Why ? What happened ?
That's not very fair . What did you do ?
Does he treat everyone in your department like this ?
Do you have any idea why he treats you worse than the others ?
Is there anyone else you can talk to about it at you company ?
That's very sensible . It sounds like you have a good head on you shoulders .
Can you speak English ?
Where did you learn it ?
What else can you speak ?
Hi , Maggy , Did you hear about David ?
You know , about David and new boss .
Well , I hear David have been fired .
How would you describe your relationship with our boss ?
What do you think his strengths are ?
Which school is your children in ?
Oh , it costs too much . It's more expensive than the public school .
I am very interested in a new apartment near the Taxing Plaza , but the price is very high , I really can't afford it .
It's 7500 yuan per square meter , and I really like the one with three bedrooms and a large living room . Its total area is about 80 square meters .
Do you think I am rich enough to make it ? I am thinking about buying the apartment by installments . The real estate agency says if I pay a 25 % down payment , I can move in at once .
I really like the record you lent me the other day .
And thank you very much for letting me keep it so long .
I'm most grateful . Everyone in our class enjoyed it .
We'd like to have a look around your house ?
Thank you .
It's so spacious , about 40 square metres , right ?
Are these corn ears hanging on the tree branch ?
Very beautiful and very interesting . But why do you hang them in the tree ?
So , where are you going to spend your winter vacation ?
You have a girlfriend in Thailand ? Interesting . How come I have never heard of that ?
You mean you haven ’ t seen her before ? Then , how could she be your girlfriend ? Maybe you don ’ t even know her .
Congratulations ! It ’ s good to follow your heart . But I just didn ’ t expect to be so fast .
Hi ! Susan ! I haven't seen you for ages !
Oh , fine . Hey , why don't we grab a bite to eat and do some catching up ?
Oh , George , what a beautiful day it is today ! The sun is hot and there are just a few clouds scattered here and there ! What a perfect day to be at the beach ! The kids are going to have so much fun ! And we ’ ll be able to relax in the sun while they ’ re playing .
There we go . Can you help me with the umbrella ? Perfect .
And stay in the shallow area . I don ’ t want to see you go any farther than that sandbar ! It ’ s too deep out there and we didn ’ t bring your floatier .
What is that ? A jellyfish ? Jeremy , put that down right now ! It could sting you !
Hello
Hi B . How are you ?
I called you yesterday . Did you get my message ?
No problem . I wanted to remind you that my friend is getting married next week . You're still coming to the wedding with me , right ?
Yes . Did you forget ?
That's good . I want to invite Megan also . Next time you see her , can you tell her for me .
Yes , I think they might have gone to the same college or something like that . I'm not exactly sure how they know each other .
Hey , look at the offer I got in my e-mail . It says that I can get rich quickly while working at home !
What do you mean ?
But it seems like a good idea . All I have to do is first send some money to the person who sent me the letter . After that he'll tell me how to earn much more money .
Pyramid scheme ? What is that ?
Sounds good to me . The guy at the top gets money and so do the people below him .
What happens then ?
We've been cramming for tomorrow's history exam since early this morning . What do you say we take a break and listen to some music , okay ?
While you're picking out a record to play , I'll grab a couple of beers out of the refrigerator .
Yeah , I've got everything from rock n ' roll to the latest new - wave stuff .
Sorry , my taste in music doesn't go back any further than the 1960 ' s . Music written before then is just history to me .
When can we expect you and your daughter for dinner ? Next Saturday ?
How about Sunday then ?
Does 6,30 suit you ?
I was thinking of holding the company retreat in the mountains .
I was thinking it could take place sometime in January .
Yes , you are right .
Yes , that would work out better .
Good idea ! We'll have to get right on it .
How may I help you ?
Do you have your library card ?
It appears that you have late fees .
Yes , really .
You owe $ 24.50 in late fees .
I ’ m sorry , but until you pay it , you won ’ t be able to check out any more books .
Merry Christmas !
I said Merry Christmas ! Don ’ t you know that Christmas is almost here ?
Huh ? Didn ’ t you know ? Aren ’ t you excited ?
Forgotten about it ? How could you ?
Oh , I ’ m sorry . I didn ’ t know .
I guess so . So what do you do around this time of year ?
Well , would you be horribly offended if I invited you to a Christmas party at my house ?
Do you want to go shopping with me ?
How about Saturday morning ?
Welcome , young man . No offence , but I haven't seen you here before .
Okay then . You are the younger customer here ever .
It's the marketing's fault , I suppose.What do you want to do ?
That's a long way to go , I'm afraid . First of all , you gotta grow up .
Sure . Then what about trying the treadmill or the skipping rope .
Please change your clothes first !
Sorry , but no jeans here .
I hear that the Students ' Union is going to take new members .
Of course you can if you like it .
There will be an information session about the Students ' Union this Tuesday . You can apply for it then .
Is that girl your girlfriend ?
She doesn't look like our classmate .
What do you do in summer ?
I don ’ t often go for walks , but I either play sports outside-you know , tennis or badminton-or just sit in the sunshine and read a good book .
Well , I play sports indoors quite often . If I ’ m feeling lazy , I just watch a film at home . I prefer summer to winter .
Yes . I like wearing shorts in summer . My legs would freeze !
Happy new year !
Have you got any plans ?
Do you offer a course in business management ?
How many nights a week is it ?
And how long does the course last ?
When does it start ?
What time is the class ?
How much does it cost ?
Yes , that's all right . I want to enroll in the course .
Do you want me to fill it out now ?
Which social problem do you think the government needs to concentrate on most ?
How would you solve the problem ?
It would probably be very expensive .
It ’ s not a bad idea . I think education is the biggest problem at the moment . Schools don ’ t seem to have enough money to educate kids properly .
Most voters what everything both ways . They want the government to pay for lots of things , but without increasing taxes .
Do you keep any pets , such as cats , dogs ?
Oh , but why ?
Would you like to see our new shirts ?
Well , they are very nice you know .
And not expensive either .
Everybody is buying them .
Yes , they are very fashionable , you see .
I see .
Come in , come in !
I thought we were supposed to meet HERE .
I ’ m sorry . We must have misunderstood each other .
You ’ re right . I am sorry . Let ’ s go and watch the movie .
how was school today , Dominic ?
why ? What happened ?
it's just one exam . Can you re-take the exam ?
why didn't you do a good job ?
do you think you studied enough for the exam ?
what did you do last night ?
did you study at all last night for your exam ?
I am sure if you had studied , you would have done well . When can you re-take your exam ?
I haven't met the Smiths for a long time .
Why ?
Did you hear about Joe ? She hasn't eaten for days .
Love sick . You know who she's in love with ?
Someone you're living with .
Come on , Mary , it's your brother , Jack .
The problem with Joe is that she's too shy to tell him .
Oh , they all went out ! Did you make a wish ?
How do you like the food sold in this sidewalk snack booth ?
Any time . But I don't mind eating boxed lunch . The food sanitation is really good too .
Hey , it's not that bad . The food is nutritious and it's really convenient . I don't want to spend too much time on eating stuff .
Well , will you just go back to work after lunch ?
But you didn't eat anything today .
All right . I'm going to the McDonald's .
No , I never did . It's for my son . He loves it , and I made an agreement with him that he can eat it once a week .
Me , either . But , it's for sure that the children market is a really big one .
What can I do for you today ?
Can I do anything else for you ?
Is that all ?
May I see your library card , please ?
Will that be all for today ?
These are due back in two weeks .
Which sports are popular in your country ?
Do many people like tennis ?
In my country , many people enjoy golf , but it is too expensive for some people . A few people like extreme sports , but I think the vast majority of people are afraid to try them .
I know loads of people who play it regularly . There are plenty of golf courses around the country . In the past , only a tiny number of people played .
Thank you for letting me borrow your portable CD player .
You seem to be in the seventh heaven . What's put you on ?
Did she give up her decision to marry Dick ?
I've come to say goodbye .
I'm catching the eleven o'clock train .
The weather is terrible .
I'm wearing my heavy jacket .
Will it snow today ?
Yes , when it snows , every where is white . It's very beautiful .
This city is far too polluted . We should do something about it .
I am looking for a comfortable convenient way to see the country .
No , I've not heard of it . Tell me about it .
Is it just a bus ?
Who's your favorite film star ?
What films feature him ?
My Chinese friends told me that the Spring Festival is coming soon . Can you tell me something about it ?
What happens on the holiday ?
Do people cook a lot of special dishes for the holiday ?
Rachel has decided to quit smoking .
You never guess she is going to have a baby .
Yes , yes . She said she is going to stop drinking coffee too and quit all the unhealthy habits just for the baby .
Do you know who ’ s just got married ? Old McDonald .
He ’ s nearly 90 .
I am . What ’ s more , his wife is 84 .
Yes , she is . And guess what , he is her sixth husband .
It's almost midnight ! We are about to start a brand new year !
Do you have a New Year's resolution ?
Yeah I know what you mean . That's why this year I am keeping things more simple . Maybe like getting together with friends I haven't seen in a long time , or doing some volunteering work .
Sure , as long as you don't try to kiss me at midnight !
Excuse me , are you Sara Wilson ?
Nice to meet you too.Let me help you with your bags .
Are you working or are you a student ?
Which school are you studying at ?
I'm really tired of my job in the bank . I'm thinking about changing it .
Not yet , what's your opinion ?
Mike ! What's going on , man ! Long time no see !
Things doing great ! It ’ s funny running into you like this . Smell well , just last week I ran into Matt as well .
He ’ s doing well . We went out for a couple of beers and the funniest thing happened .
Well , we were talking and catching up on what we ’ Ve been doing , talking about work and family , when all of a sudden , Matt saw a mouse run under his chair and he completely lost it ! He started freaking out , and screaming ...
Hey , Jack , where's your car ?
Is that right ? It sure beats the old one ?
Ok . Boy , this looks expensive .
Wow , this's sinking a hole .
I believe it . Hoo , this car corners like it's on rails .
Wow , this car can really burn rubber .
You made a perfect choice , Jack .
What's your email address ?
Bulldog 123 . Are you sure that's all ?
No . That's incomplete .
What's your mailing address ?
That's correct .
Bulldog 123 is just the street . You have to give me the city , state , and ZIP code .
I'm here for my appointment .
I have an issue with my schedule .
I have two classes on here that are at the same time .
Can you change that for me ?
Yes , I would like to keep both classes .
I ’ d love to have my own farm .
I wouldn ’ t mind getting up early morning and the physical work would make me fit and healthy .
That ’ s one reason I ’ d like to try it . I ’ d really like to get away from working 9 to 5 in an office .
My uncle owns a farm and I ’ Ve spent some time working with him . I love being in the countryside with farm animals and green fields .
We still have one more day to go before we return home . What will we see tomorrow ?
what about a factory tour ?
yes . I heard there's a lager motor company nearby which open to the public every weekend . We can go to see how a car is manufactured and learn more about the automobile industry .
I'm not sure , but as far as I know , most factory tours are free . They are sponsored by the company providing the tour .
I believe most of them think of it as good public relations . They can promote their product and make their company better-known .
exactly .
Look , here're two coins named Kai Yuan Tong Bao — the sort of coin made in memory of the founding of a new dynasty . These two coins were made in different periods of the Tang Dynasty .
The one made in the early Tang period is bigger and has more characters on it , while the one with smaller and elegant characters was made in late Tang period . Look carefully , and tell me if you see the difference now .
Various methods were used in history to produce fake coins . We usually send the coin to an authorized unit to have it tested by experts with special machines . We can judge it with naked eyes .
Certainly , they did . Liao Coins and Song Coins , for example , coexisted in circulation during the Southern Song and Yuan period some 800 -1000 years ago . The Liao Coins look plain and bold in style , just like the characteristics of the Mongolian tribe . Let me look for one and show you .
There will be another sandstorm here tomorrow .
Yes . We should plant more trees and grass to stop the sand from spreading .
But we need the wood .
What are you guys doing ?
What ’ s wrong with you , Mr . Polly ?
Then , buy a bottle of soft drink .
It ’ s a problem , because my boss is in that shop now .
Sorry , Mr . Polly .
I'm bored and got nothing to do tonight .
Hey , that sounds great .
What ’ s the first thing you do when you go to the bathroom in the morning ?
Do you usually shower or take a bath ?
Do you shave every morning ?
Do you brush your teeth twice a day as dentists recommend ?
Miss Wang , would you mind my asking you a personal question ?
Are you married ?
Frankly yes.We like to employ married people.By the way , do you have any children ?
I'm not satisfied with it .
Sometimes it goes fast . And sometimes it goes slow . And the alarm doesn'twork , either .
No . Can I have my money back ?
A receipt ?
Morning , Tom .
You seem to be in a hurry .
Okay . I won ’ t hold you up then .
Would you mind if I ask you whether you are married or not ?
Do you mean you got a divorce ?
Let me clear away the broken glass .
It's very careless of me to have broken your glass .
Have you followed the value of dollar lately ?
It's really frustrating , isn't it ? I have the same problem . I would feel a lot better if the currency was a little more stable . With the way the dollar plummeting lately , my securities have gone up in smoke .
What we really should be making investment in is the Euro . I've followed the Euro's progress over the last quarter , I think it's about time to buy in .
What a lovely day . The sun is shinning and the sky is so blue . It's a perfect day to go to the beach and get a beautiful tan .
Come on . Getting a tan symbolizes health and wealth in western countries .
That is a really interesting fact .
Just do whatever you feel like doing .
Good idea . It is always cooler in a shade .
What time is it , Tom ?
Is it ? I have no idea if I ’ m so late . I must be off now .
I must catch the nine-thirty Train .
Did you bring some lunch with you ?
Wow , that looks beautiful .
Can you name some festivals of religious nature ?
What about historic festivals ?
I wonder how Sarah and Mat are .
I'm not surprised . She's a plain Jane .
Where's Bob ?
Can you give him a call on his mobile ?
xcuse me ; is this seat taken ?
thank you very much . My name is Ashlan . It's nice to meet you .
the weather is so warm for December , don't you think ?
global warming is wreaking havoc everywhere .
no . I'm new here . I just moved here a few months ago .
I'm from China . What about you ?
did you enjoy it ?
it's very different from Chinese food , but I am getting used to it .
yes , have you read it ?
well , to be honest , I've only gotten though 10 pages of it . So far , though , it's interesting .
Would you like a cup of coffee ?
Oh , no .
This machine is out of order .
I sure did .
Hello , Mary . Nice day , isn't it ?
I do feel like an outdoor exercise . After all , we haven't had such a beautiful day for a long time .
OK . It's delightful to have a walk in the park with the air so fresh .
Are you kidding ? Don't you see many people over there ? Just on your right .
How was the party last night ? Did you enjoy it ?
Why ? What happened ?
What about the party ?
So how long did you stay ?
Do you think my briefcase is big enough to put in all these stuff ?
I guess I need all of them .
I know . But it is my lucky charm . I carry it all the time .
Why do all girls appear feminine after sophomore year ?
I feel they all talk and behave in a different way .
Some even do make-up slightly . Are you aware that previous ' small potato ' Ma Xiaoxiao becomes a piece of cheese cake recently ?
Stop preaching your dream love Marilyn Monroe to me . I know those sexy women are your tastes .
This one looks great ! I love the seashore .
And listen to this ! What do you think of sailing , swimming , windsurfing , and fishing ?
Yeah ... me , too .
Hey ! Look at this ! We can stay in a big hotel or we can stay in a little cabin by the beach .
May , look , what's that in the cage ?
Of course I know . I just can't see it very well .
Of course , Bamboo !
I also know they are given to other countries as gifts for friendship .
Not really , panda is my favorite animal .
Any way , in a word , panda is our friend .
Yeah , let me think , the kangaroo and koala bear from Australia are very famous .
You look fresh recently.How do you make it ?
Aren't you tired ?
John , did you have a dream when you was a little boy ?
I had the same experience with you . When I was a little boy I dreamed to be a great scientist . But now you see , I'm just a common office clerk .
I do . And now I'm working hard to learn English , and I want to be an interpreter some day .
Hi Joe . You've met my new assistant , right ?
You are kidding , but she's so helpful .
Come on . She's like that with everyone .
Eric , how long will you be in China ?
Well , have you ever thought about learning some Chinese ?
Don't worry . All things are difficult before they are easy .
Well , are you invested in some language-exchange program ?
It's where I teach you Chinese , and in exchange you teach me English .
How about this sunday ?
Good . I'll give you a call tonight .
Great party , isn ’ t it ?
By the way , my name is Liu Wei .
What do you do , Susan ?
Happy Birthday ! This is for you , Kate !
You know in China we usually don't open presents until the guests leave .
The May Day holiday is coming . Have you made any plan ? Are you going to stay here or go out for a traveling ?
Where have you planned to go ?
Then which will be your first choice ?
I have decided to go to Tasha .
What a pin-up she is !
That's incredible ! She has such a sharp figure .
Do you have spare time tonight ?
There will be a live show of football tonight .
AC Milan versus Real Madrid .
Absolutely .
I didn't expect to see you at this hour . You must have goofed off again .
You'll be sorry if the boss finds it out . He may probably give you the bag .
Hey , Leo . How come you look so terrible ? What ’ s going ’ on ?
How gross ! I can ’ t handle people like that . Does he at least give you a hand around the house ?
Man , what a freeloader . You better do something quick or he ’ ll never hit the road . After all , he ’ s got it made in the shade here .
Now , don ’ t go losing your temper . If you tolerated all you can , just kick him out ... but do it with gloves . I know ! Tell him a white lie like you ’ re getting the house fumigated !
I've got an idea . Let's make this game even more interesting .
Well , if you want to ! Seriously , though , let's make a bet .
What ’ s wrong with it ?
It sounds too bad . What will you do ?
What do you think of the new television channel ? Aren't the programs awful ?
Actually , what bothers me is the violence . There are far too many detective and police shows .
I like your new skirt .
Yes . It looks terrific !
Do you like tea ?
Tea does good to people's health . There are many kinds of tea.Say , black tea , green tea , scented tea , brick tea , milk tea , Jas - mine tea , chrysanthemum tea and so on .
David , why didn ’ t you clean the room ?
Why are you feeling depressed ?
I don ’ t think she will do such a thing .
Oh , cheer up . A girlfriend is not everything .
This small town has many serious problems .
The mayor and high officials practice cronyism and a large number of guys who are good at nothing occupy many important positions .
Do you love me ?
Yes , but do you love me ?
why didn ’ t you answer my question ?
Do you love me ? come on , I ’ m eager to hear .
Don ’ t cherish your words , dear .
You missed the film.That ' s a shame .
Yes . I got very excited .
Hello , this is the admissions office . Can I help you ?
What would you like to know ?
Yes , we offer both night and weekend courses in a number of different subjects .
If you give me your address , I can mail you an information packet and the application forms .
How nice of you to come !
Just fine , thanks.And you ?
Marquet , do you think I should enroll in the science course ?
Right , I figure since you are doing premedical , you know about the very courses .
Yes , I'm really weak in maps , I did poorly in high school .
Earning extra income on the Internet is easier than you might think . After I started selling traditional craft items on the Internet last year , I have really been able to make bank doing something I love .
To run a successful internet business , it requires a little research and relatively small investment . You've got to have a good idea of some kind of product that is in demand or would be popular .
After you have your great idea , then you can set up shop by registering a domain name , creating a website , an email address , and a hosting service . If you want to go all out on your website , you can put together shopping cart technology , but that can be pricey to start out with .
You went out on a date last night , didn't you ?
How come ?
Why don't you phone her for a date again ?
Don't jump to conclusions . Look at the bright side , try to make another date again .
Happy birthday , Aims !
Here is a present for you . I hope you like it .
I'm very glad to hear that .
Bill , do you know when did the Chinese begin to celebrate Teachers ' Day ?
So , it is the 27th Teachers ' Day .
I am going to send Mr . Li some flowers . What about you ?
I hear scientists in the US have discovered a new AIDS vaccine .
I don ’ t know . The report says it is better than the old vaccines .
Harry was angry last night .
But he used to be very relaxed and cheerful . It's not like Harry to do a thing like that .
Did you get any pizza ? When I got there , only small one was left . What a pity !
Hello , Kevin . I hate to do this , but I have to cancel our appointment .
Yeah , I really wanted to come , too . But something unexpected in Shanghai have come up . I have to fly out for a few days , but I'll be back soon .
I should have some free time next week . Say , next Wednesday evening ?
Yeah , I'm expecting to come back on Tuesday .
Hi , my name is Lean , and I'm from Russia .
To me English is a difficult language .
True , but English is harder than most.It ' s a crazy language .
One letter can have several pronunciations and one word can have several meanings .
May , is this the Hall of Ancient China ?
Why are they all in glass boxes ?
So there isn't air in the glass boxes ?
I wonder how old these things are . Thousands of years ?
Hey , look at the tripod . I've seen it on TV .
Honey come on ! We are going to be late ! Honestly , you take longer getting ready than I do !
What is it ? Why are all these clothes on the bed ?
Are you joking ? What am I going to do with you ? We are going to a dinner party not the beach ! Wear the shirt with the silk tie I bought you and these corduroy pants . It ’ s chilly outside so you can wear this coat .
How may I help you ?
Give them here .
It appears these books are two weeks late .
You do realize you are going to have to pay late fees , right ?
The late fee is 25 cents a day .
It ’ s 25 cents for each book .
So what kind of music turns you on ?
You mean the kind of stuff like Nirvana ?
Hi , Robert . What happened to your face ? It looks swollen .
Did it hurt ?
How long were you in the chair ?
Well , I guess you've learned a good lesson , huh . You have to take good care of your teeth .
Don't you have a dental insurance ?
Merry Christmas !
Are you doing anything special ?
OK , guys . Here's the plan . Get the ball to the goal , and keep it away from Rich and Taylor !
They played ball at school . Here we go . Yi-jun , go out for a pass !
Catch it , Yi-jun ! Run to the ball ! Uh-oh ! Slow down , you're going to hit ...
What are you doing ?
There are no countries marked on the map .
The thing that I find most surprising is that most of the world is covered with water . Compared to the oceans , most countries are tiny .
Rivers have created deep valleys and canyons like the grand canyon .
What are you up to tonight , Steve ?
Well , I can ’ t believe your uncle and aunt came to stay with us for a week , and they did not even call us in advance .
I know , but it is hard for me to get used to your relatives coming to visit us , and without warning .
Yes , but Americans never visit without calling in advance , and they almost never stay overnight .
What is today ?
So the weekend is coming ! How about seeing a film !
Oh , George , what a beautiful day it is today ! The sun is hot and there are just a few clouds scattered here and there ! What a perfect day to be at the beach ! The kids are going to have so much fun ! A
There we go . Can you help me with the umbrella ? Perfect .
And stay in the shallow area . I don ’ t want to see you go any farther than that sandbar ! It ’ s too deep out there and we didn ’ t bring your floatier .
What is that ? A jellyfish ? Jeremy , put that down right now ! It could sting you !
What do you think about studying in the U . S . ?
Do you have any advice ?
Anything else ?
I will think over your advice .
Who is that guy ?
Really ? He is my type .
What position does he play ?
Oh , I love Michael Jordan . He fills people's lives with great excitement .
Kobe is a good player but I heard he is a womanizer .
Jordan is a legend , anyway . An idol that no one can replace . I think Clive can make a good professional basketball player . He is not just about muscles he also plays smart .
By the way , do you know if he has a girl friend ?
Here are the leads from last week's exhibit as a trade show . There are about forty or so that are hot . You should contact them immediately , in the next twenty-four hours if you can . The rest are categorized according to potential and interest.You can see we've got our hot stack , our warm stack , our lukewarm , and our cold but not dead stack .
Don't worry , most of the leads on mildly interested , if not strongly interested . We've just got to make sure the Hot ones are contacted right away . And even the contacts that for what ever reason aren't prepared to make an order now , they might be interested in the future . Please be conscanciouss about getting a hold of everyone of these leads . We've spent a big chunk of marketing budget to find these people . I don't want our investment to go down the drain .
Where's your hometown ?
I just got laid off . The awful business , you know .
Yeah , I ’ m better after talking to you .
What will you do now ? Propose to her .
You should strike while the iron is hot .
How do you usually get to school ?
I feel that I can see more when I pedal a bicycle , but when I feel lazy , I drive my car .
I agree , but I would find it difficult to stop using my car . It's just so convenient .
Do you have a car ?
Maybe if I sold my car now , I wouldn't be so tempted to use it .
That's true . Every month , I spend hundreds of dollars on gas , insurance , and repairs .
I could stand to lose a few pounds . Having a car has made me lazy . I never end up walking anywhere !
Bob is really handsome .
I wish I were just as handsome .
How's your new work , Carl ?
Good for you .
Well , you have to take the bad with the good .
What can I help you with today ?
The library closes at six o ’ clock .
Not always .
Yes .
The hours are from 9 am - 6
Do you need anything else ?
I can't wait until my car is repaired . The commuting with public transportation is killing me .
But it is ! Take this morning for example . The subway was so packed this morning , I got totally squished by about a hundred busy commuters on the way to work .
That's true . The bus is even worse . Just thinking about taking the bus every day makes me tired ! Hey , how do you get to work every day ?
I'll bet it's good exercise , too ... a good way to keep fit .
Why are you so rude to your wife ?
But she means to help you , not to trouble you .
What he said disappointed me .
He advised me to change to a more suitable course .
He said that career in law was unsuitable for a women .
What do you think is harder , reading or writing ?
I don ’ t think I understand what you mean . Could you explain a little more ?
Oh , now I see what you mean . When you ’ re reading , you are just looking , but when you are writing , you are actually doing something !
I think I see what you mean . I can read Shakespeare but I definitely can ’ t write it .
So I have another question for you . What do you think is harder , speaking or understanding ?
In what way ?
You are making me feel really discouraged .
You look happy .
Wow ! Is it a good car ?
Was it expensive ?
What colour is it ?
Let's meet tonight at the Thai restaurant at about 5 .
Why don't you walk ? It's only about 20 minutes walking and it's a nice evening .
Professor , do you have a few moments when I could meet with you ?
Three would be a good time .
I'm not sure .
OK , I'll find it .
See you then .
The boy threw up .
Bill . Bill ! You gotta help me !
Tomorrow is Christmas and I haven ’ t bought my mom anything ! I ’ m such a bad son !
That ’ s just it ! I don ’ t know what to get her ! Last year I got her a ring that was two sizes too big and a pair of shoes five sizes too small ! I suck at getting presents for people .
Yeah , you ’ re right . When it comes down to it , I can be pretty tacky .
Happy birthday , Ms . Lin . Here is a present for you .
I hope you like it .
Cheer !
So what time tomorrow ?
Where to meet ?
OK . Bottoms up .
It's on me .
Wow , Is winter always this cold in Taiwan ?
No , I am from south California . This is my first real winter .
What's the temperature today anyway ?
Good evening , Mr.Brown .
what are you listening to ? Is that Beethoven or Mozart ?
I think Beethoven's music is incredible . I've heard that listening to it can make you more intelligent , too . Do you believe that ?
what other kind of music do you listen to ?
to be honest , I think classical music is too complicated for me .
I like pop music . Do you ?
I see what you mean . I think that's way I like it so much .
I've always been into it . Have you always liked classical music ?
so , how did you become interested in it ?
do you still play piano ?
Want to join me for a midnight snack ? I need to grab something to eat .
Let's go to the food stall . There's a good one just around the corner .
( Later .. ) Everything looks tempting . What do you want to have ?
Can I have a bite ?
Can I help you , sir ?
I'm sorry , sir . But this is the self-service pump .
Yes . You must fill up the car yourself .
Yes . Are you traveling here ?
In America , most gas stations are like this .
Well , since this is your first time , I will do it for you.But next time , if you want a full-service gas station , you should look at the sign .
Under the sign for the gas station , there will be a smaller sign that says Self-Serve or Full-Service.And some gas stations have both.But if they have both , some pumps will be self-serve and some will be full-serve.You have to look at the signs .
Oh , no . It looks like my computer really has caught a virus .
Yes , something called “ George W . Bush . ” An hour later , all I see are pictures of George W . Bush in women's clothes .
I preferred the forward with pictures of him side-by-side with monkeys .
John seems to be in high cotton . He may well become a big shot .
What is your idea ?
Millions of amateur investors like you , have to rely on a dizzying array of financial newspapers , magazines and commentators to get investment information .
It's like information overload , not to mention the reliability of these papers and magazines .
Well , for example , The Wall Street Journal is very , very good . Even though it's used on occasion ( as all news organizations are ) by Ces or bankers who leak their mergers in advance in order to get a positive spin .
Good . Fortune is usually ahead of the curve.And Business Week is very solid , too .
A good broadcast company usually does far more than press releases.Their people go out and do real reporting , talking to people at the stock exchange , fund managers , analysts , etc .
Hi , Li Ming . You look upset . What's the matter ?
Why ? We can leave school earlier that day .
I can't believe it . My parents never beat me .
You can ask the teacher for help .
Did your company go union ? I heard that many companies in out industry are being unionized , so It's getting harder and harder to compete on a level playing field .
Management isn't looking on the labor unions too favorably , I'd guess . I don't blame them ... labor unions can really put the squeeze on the executives .
I hope the host team loses .
According to the papers , the visiting side is a strong team in America .
Hi honey ! You ’ ll never guess what ! My friends Julie and Alex are getting married !
I know ! Anyways I just talked to Alex ’ s best man and he is organizing the bachelor party It ’ s gonna be so much fun ! All the groomsmen are thinking up all the wacky and crazy things we are going to do that night .
Aw come on ! It ’ s just some innocent fun ! You know how these things are ! We are gonna play drinking games , get him some gag gifts and just have a good time . Nothing too over the top .
Come on ! If one of your friends was getting married I wouldn ’ t mind you going to her bachelorette party !
Aren ’ t you interested in watching the Olympics ? There have been some excellent performances by athletes from all over the world .
I think it ’ s wonderful to see people from all over the world taking part in such a great event .
I think the Olympics help to promote world peace .
You are so pessimistic ! The Olympics is a great opportunity for athletes to demonstrate their speed , skill , agility and strength . Most people hope to see someone from their country win , but I think that they are just happy to see good performances by any athlete .
You have a lovely house , Jack .
That's too bad . What problems are you having .
I ’ Ve studied home decoration as a hobby . Could I make some suggestions ?
Well , I think a crystal chandelier would look great in your living room , and maybe some new drapes for the windows . Also , a grandfather clock would look great in the den . Perhaps you could buy some potted plants for the dining room
What are you hiding in your coat pocket ?
You want to take pictures of the inside of your pocket ?
What's that supposed to mean ?
Sorry.What was that you said ?
Where ?
When , did you say ?
Who's coming ?
Sorry . I didn't quite catch what you said.There ' s a lot of noise outside .
I broke my sister's mirror . I'm sure it'll get her back up . I really don't know how I can escape the punishment .
My accountant thinks she can save me lots of money on my taxes this year .
How's it going ?
To be honest , I'm a bit fed up .
There's a girl in my company that I really like but I always get shy when she is around .
Sure , but how ?
But for what reasons ? She doesn't even know who I am .
Easier said than done .
But I always get tongue-tied when I see her .
I see . I'll try .
Excuse me . May I come in ?
i saw lily for the first time . and fell like i'v been struck by lightening.she is a girl of my dreams . i have a date with her on Friday , but i really can't decide what to do .
not bad , any other ideas ?
good idea . that ' s why i think i have culture . you have any other suggestions ?
They are good , but i still need a few more .
Cool , but what if the weather is not ideal ?
Hi , Sue . What's up ?
Ok , I guess . My boss has been on my back recently .
You know , just giving me lots to do . I'm really busy right now .
Hey , Karen . Look like you got some sun this weekend .
That ’ s great . Where did you stay ?
So , what did you do out there ? I mean besides bask in the sun , obviously .
Not to mention cooler . Did you go swimming ?
It all sounds so relaxing . I wish I could get away to the beach like that .
Jenny , are you having fun here ?
I ’ m glad you ’ re enjoying it .
It ’ s my pleasure . Would you like another glass of champagne ?
Excuse me , do you know where the visa office is ?
Thanks .
I want to study abroad .
I hope to study English Literature .
Not yet . I have an interview with a visa official today .
Do you have a park in the city ?
That ’ s great . We can go boating on the lake in the afternoon .
It is difficult for old people to do away with old ideas .
The government is making efforts to change situation .
The sun is up ! Time for all the campers to rise . Time to get paddling .
Do not worry . Today will be easier .
Today is Saturday .
Today is July 4th .
Call her on my cell phone . Wish her “ Happy Birthday ! ” Tell her you are out exploring the great American wilderness . Tell her I said she is lucky to be born on Independence Day .
It is December 25th .
Yes , I am lucky . I was born on Christ ’ s birthday . Maybe that is why I usually go to church on Sundays . When is your birthday ?
That is true ! Here , have some Granola for breakfast .
After eating , we will take down our tent . Then we will pack everything into the canoe , We can shove off by 6
How about going for swim around 10
Jane , what do think about this dinner ?
The band is pretty good . How do you like the music ?
well , then , may I invite you for the next dance ?
don't worry . I'm not much of a dancer myself .
you dance beautifully too .
in college . But I don't dance very often . What's your favourite dance ?
how about tango ?
Tango is my favorite . Anything but hip-hop or the foxtrot .
my pleasure . Let's go and have a drink .
Bang ? ! Bang ! Bang ! What are the Kings doing at seven o ’ clock on Sunday morning ?
Yes , but what ’ s the banging noise ?
And what ’ s Mrs . King doing ?
What ’ s happening ?
What ’ s Mr . King doing ?
And is she helping him ?
Mr . Wilson , here's a present for you .
I hope you will like it .
Would you like to go to the theater with me tomorrow ?
That's coincidence , someone's just returned two tickets and I picked them .
Evening .
Stalls .
I need to find somewhere to park .
I need to find a space on campus .
Where is the parking structure at ?
Do you know if the parking structure is full or not ?
How long ago was that ?
Do you think it'll be full now ?
Shall we go to cinema this evening ? The new blockbuster starring mel gibson is showing . It ’ s supposed to be really good .
It ’ s a thriller . It has Julia Roberts playing the female lead .
What did the critic say ?
The movie starts at eight o ’ clock , so we have plenty of time to eat and get ready .
this is tough to say , Jordan , but I think we should break up .
yes , I mean it .
no , we are just too different . This isn ’ t working .
I have thought about it for a while . I think it ’ s time to move on for both of us .
I ’ m sorry .
then why didn ’ t you talk to me ?
I don't want to argue with you anymore . This is going to be tough , but Let ’ s try and be friends .
I think we ’ ll be better off if we are apart .
Our company's wei-ya is tomorrow night ! It's your first Chinese New Year in Taiwan--you must be excited !
You have no idea ! There's a banquet with prizes , performances ... you name it !
Well , I heard that last year Vivian from accounting won a new car !
No , really ! And she told me the secret to winning , wear red underwear !
Of course ! I'm not only going to wear red underwear , but I'm going to wear red socks and a red shirt , too !
Have you ever witnessed any crimes or accidents ?
I was taking a walk in the park early this morning when suddenly I heard someone calling " help " . I rushed over and saw a man beating a woman .
I guess I was stunned for a moment , then I quickly ran away to get help .
I heard that you went to the concert the day before ? How did you like it ?
Who was the conductor ?
Oh , I learned that he is also a legendary violinist .
Obviously you did enjoy the concert .
Have you heard about Alice and David ?
No , they've got engaged .
Well , my dear , I didn't believe it either . But I got it straight from the horse's mouth . David called me this morning .
Last weekend , while they were on their ski trip .
Next June .
All the routine work really browns me off .
Yuck . The carrots taste awful and salty . Hi sis , how do you like them ?
Well , you can have all my carrots .
Nothing . Just that I don't care for these carrots.Hi , sis . , I saw you buy some chocolate cakes . I am done with the main course . It's about time for some dessert .
No , no , I'm just thinking of some dessert . And I have had enough carrots .
I know , but chocolate cake is even better .
Oh , no ! I ’ Ve been assigned to work with Jerry for our group project .
Flowers for my favorite girl .
That's a secret . Here , let me help you with your coat , and we'll be on our way .
Fine , what do you call this ?
Really ? Thank you . I am thinking the same thing about you .
On Saturday night I ’ m going to have a small get-together .
Would you like to come ?
Yes , this coming Saturday .
I ’ m sorry to hear that .
Hey . I'm a visitor from China . I love your music . It's the best I've ever heard . Will you please spare a little bit of time for me ?
Oh , you wrote them all by yourself . That's amazing ! Are you a regular singer here ?
Cool . Your guitar skills are very impressive . How did you learn to play like that ?
Could you come and spend the weekend with us ?
That's too bad !
Excuse me . I don't think we have met before . My name is Mary Jenson .
Good to meet you , Mr Chettri .
Welcome to our university ’ s fifties anniversary , Sir . Please have a seat .
Thank you .
Certainly . Mr . Lee ’ s office building at the south end of the campus , just beside the library .
Let me show you the way . Please follow me .
My pleasure .
Finding an excuse is obviously down your alley . And trying to avoid taking care of the children is what you are good at .
You are passing the buck . I'll be hanged if I ask you to go to the park with us .
Hi , Mr . Zhang . What ’ s wrong ? You don ’ t look so happy . How was your date ?
Me ? I ’ m even less experienced than you are .
Believe it or not , I guess American women like a man in good shape , which Chinese women may not care about so much . That ’ s my honest opinion . I know you have been trying very hard .
No , that ’ s not true . I ’ Ve met two American women who were married to Chinese . But those Chinese look very strong and healthy . So if you exercise more often , I bet it will surely be easier for you to date American girls . How old is Jacky Chan ? He ’ s small and short . But I bet he can have any American woman he wants .
Have you heard that new song by the Beastie Boys ?
It's not much different from that heavy metal music you like so much .
Hey , you can dance to rap music !
What's your new girlfriend like ?
Does she know how to speak Spanish ?
Wow ! ! !
That's terrific !
What's that ?
Are these your text books ? Biochemistry , General Ecology , Botany , Cell Genetics , Molecular Genetics ...
Oh , right ! Do you have many exams at the end of each semester ?
And when do you prepare for your final exam ?
Really ? You only review your lessons in one month ? Does it work ?
Wow , and all the key points are included in them ? You're so smart !
Do you have the classrooms open for the whole night ?
What's today's date ?
You know , Mary , I feel we meet somewhere before . Where were you born ?
What was your childhood like ?
Where did you go to university ?
What is your current occupation ?
Did you know that you wanted to be a journalist right after your graduation ?
Do you like your current job ?
Do you want a cigarette ?
You don't mind if I have one .
Yes , you are right .
Hey , Jordan , is that you ? Long time no see !
Yeah , I think so ! I pledged Phi Iota Alpha , so I'm living at the frat house now .
Yeah , yeah , I know , it's totally cliche , but really , I think it's been a good decision . I've got a lot of support and good suggestions from the guys . What about you ? What have you been up to ?
That sounds smart ... but kind of boring .
That's cool . Hey , so have you decided on your major yet ?
I still have no clue ... but we don't have to declare a major till our sophomore year , so I've got time ! Oops , I'm late for class . Gotta run !
Whatever we do , we should do it above board .
How did you get into hip hop ?
Who is your favorite hip hop artist ?
It ’ s over .
Our relationship . I mean my friend and I ...
The cause is another boy .
How did you do on your BELTS exam ?
That's excellent ! Have you received your conditional offers yet ?
Do you know where the visa office is ?
We ’ Ve been over this a thousand times . The data is irrefutable ! Look , we ’ Ve done extensive research , built studies , and read the literature , and there is conclusive evidence to support my theory !
That is preposterous !
I am not wrong ! The chicken came first !
My husband goes out drinking with his friends every night . I'm fed up with it .
Charles , have you finished your homework ?
I want you to have a walk with me .
Did you lock the doors ?
Well , I ’ m going on to bed . I ’ m beat .
Please told Tim to close the door to the basement . I don ’ t want dog down there tonight .
Have you ever played Making ?
Yes , some friends play it all day , all night , and sometimes a whole weekend . I tried to read about some basic rules online , but it is hard to understand . So I went to watch people play yesterday only to find I was even more confused . I think I have to work hard on those rules and more learning by doing . Practice makes the master .
My German teacher thought it would be a good idea to have German pen friends to write to in German .
The only thing is that my pen friend will be writing in English .
That's right . And it's a B that I'll be writing too . Her name is Olga .
That's a great idea ! Why didn't I think of that ?
I just had a terrible week .
I fell down and hurt my arm .
Then my son drove into a tree
The dog bit the delivery boy .
And a storm blew our roof away .
Hi , Jenny . You look like you are in a hurry to somewhere . Where are you going ?
That's great . We can go to the bank together .
I will go to Japan on business for 5 days next Tuesday . I want to exchange some Japanese yen .
Not really . I plan to bring some cash and withdraw money at the ATM in Japan .
Nope . You can use the credit card to withdraw the money in foreign countries .
No . It is free of charge .
Does she make any sense to you ?
She's speaking French , not Greek .
Me neither . All I have to do is study French hard .
Do you love me ?
Yes , but do you love me ?
Why didn ’ t you answer my question ?
Do you love me ? Come on , I ’ m eager to hear .
Don ’ t cherish your words , dear .
What do you do in your spare time ?
What kinds of sports do you like ?
Who is your favorite author ?
Are you a music lover ?
What kinds of films do you enjoy ?
Do you have any hobbies ? What is it or what are they ?
How do you spend your spare time ?
What kind of books are you interested in ?
Well , those books are really good . I like them too . How do you entertain yourself ?
It depends on where you are and what position you are in . For instance , if you are in an elevator and you smile , you will make other takers uncomfortable .
I cannot see eye to eye with you here . You see , I am fed up with those who keep smiling to me . I mean , they smile for no reason at all .
It's nice and bright today , isn't it ?
How about winter ?
It's boring , right ?
Do you get much rain during the summer ?
So you should bring an umbrella often .
I ’ m betting the New York Yankees win . How about you ?
Sorry , guys . Could I just interrupt for a moment ? My money is on the Yankees !
Hey , Ken . Good luck if you already put your money on the Red Sox .
When in Rome , do as the Romans do , they say .
They live in Rome , of course , and go to work by car or bus . But sometimes it takes too long that way because of the traffic jams , so they walk .
Yes , but they do it differently . Everything is different .
Well , the climate's different for a start . It doesn't rain so much as it does in England . The sun shines more often .
I know . You hate the rain , don't you ?
And a Roman really Ioves life . Eye knows how to enjoy himself .
Not always . But they like a good meal . Lots of tourists go to Rome just for the food , you know .
What does your mother do , may I ask ?
Is she busy ?
Please fill out the form .
Are you going to the cafeteria downstairs ?
Could you please get me a takeaway ? I have some urgent work to finish . So I don ’ t have enough time to go out for lunch .
So , are you enjoying the performance so far ?
I think you're being a little critical . The actor in the lead role is fantastic . I suppose the chorus could be a bit better , though .
Actually , the woman playing Ophelia is a past classmate of mine .
That's only part of it . I absolutely adore this director . Every play he works on turns out great .
Quite a few actually . By the way , after the play , there's always a big party for the cast and their friends . My friend has invited us . Do you want to go ?
I've never had a part in a play before , but I used to be a part of the stage crew in high school .
I helped build the sets and find props for the plays . What about you ?
Why not ?
Many congratulations on your winning the game .
You were doing great out there !
That's good to know . We'll watch for crazy drivers .
Football ? Sounds dangerous . Maybe I'll just be a cheerleader .
Uh , yeah . And I've seen guys in pads tackled . We have no pads . I don't want to be tackled .
Hi , Cindy . I thought I ’ d missed you .
It ’ s all right .
I was in a comfortable place , so really , it ’ s no problem . I am happy to see you . Did the rain hold you up long ?
How's your thesis going ?
I've finished the first draft , but the professor said it's poorly written . I have to rewrite it . it's so depressing .
I am trying to decide what school to apply to ?
I am not sure . What's the difference between them ?
Which is better ?
I hear you have to wear uniforms at private school .
You'll soon graduate from your university . Do you have any plans for the future ?
Do you have a clear career path to follow ?
what kind of job do you want after graduation ?
wait ! You can't do so many things at the same time . What exactly do you want ?
yeah , you should first decide what kind of career you really want , plan your career path , and then try your best to achieve your goal .
no , you can't waste your time wandering around . If you want a job that requires a higher degree or diploma , you should focus on your graduate school entrance exam ; if you want a job that needs working
Look at these clothes designed by top fashion designer like Versacci , Calvin Klein , and Vivienne Westwood . What do you think of them ?
I know what you mean . People would stare at you in amazement if you wore something like that in an everyday situation . I suppose only extravagant rich people wear them at cocktail parties .
I think that the designers hold these fashion shows for a few reasons . First , it ’ s just like a big party . They can meet each other and network . The other thing is that it is great advertising . All the journalists and photographers are there . Thirdly , it give them a chance to show what they would like to see people wearing .
Yes . I think the designers are saying that these clothes are what they would like to see people wear if those people weren ’ t concerned with what other people might think . In a way , the designers are saying ‘ don ’ t worry about what others think . Wear what you like ! ’ .
David , I ’ m going to China .
You know . I took part in the Chinese contest . I was the best and they gave me this reward . I don ’ t have to pay for my trip .
Thank you . I ’ m leaving tomorrow morning .
I ’ m sure I will .
Dora , are you interested in going to the museum with me tomorrow ? I read the newspaper this morning . I know there is an art exhibition in Taipei Modern Art Museum .
I don't think so . I think we had better go there earlier , or we may have to spend a lot of time waiting .
Look at the ticket booth in the center . There seems to be not as many people as we thought it would be .
Good idea .
I have no idea . Let me take a closer look at my museum map
It's on the 2nd floor . We are going to see some beautiful paintings about the history of ancient Greece .
Good afternoon !
I'm very well , thank you.How are you ?
Yes , it's beautiful , but it's also very hot .
What's the weather like in your country ?
Where do you live ?
I've been looking forward to the new semester .
Hope so .
Really ? I hope we will do much better under her guidance .
Post office offer lots of services nowadays , don ’ t they ? Years age , you only really used the post office to send mail , save money , and send or collect money .
I save money in a post office saving account . There used to be just one kind of account , but now there are several . They each have different conditions and interest rates .
Post offices are still the place to go to collect welfare benefits , like unemployment benefit and child support benefit . The queue are very long on the days when people collect those payment .
Do you think that the service at post offices has improved ?
She is really pretty , isn't she ? Her skin looks so baby-smooth !
Ah , I can smell jealousy in the air .
Yeah , right . But what did you put on your face last night ? Those little greenish things .
Yeah , yeah , yeah ! They wipe out tight , tired feelings and remove lines and age signs . Blah , blah ... See , I can even recite it .
It sounds that you have a high opinion of him .
Birds of feather flock together .
You cannot judge a person that way . I have a hunch that he is a sly dog .
Welcome ! Welcome to Little Italy . We're the most Italian family here !
If I hadn't married an Italian man , I probably wouldn't be pregnant so often . And maybe I could raise pigs instead of bambinos !
What was that noise ?
Two people were robbed last night near the park .
I am afraid of the dark . I don ’ t feel safe in the dark . I feel someone is hiding in the dark to attack me .
Well , that's it . 7 appointments in Paris at beginning of next week , and 4 in Frankfurt at the end of the week .
Now it's a question of getting there . I need a flight to Paris on Sunday evening and a hotel in Paris for 3 nights . I have to be in Frankfurt by 11 on Thursday morning . And I will need a hotel for one night . I will head home on Friday .
My last appointment is at 3 , so I should be free by 5 at the very latest . I think I could get to the airport by 6 .
No , not really .
No , but I am sure it won't take more than an hour .
You are a pessimist .
What is the best place to park ?
I drive a motorcycle .
I am not sure what a handicapped spot is .
I park days and evenings .
What signs ?
What curb colors ?
Would you like to play golf with me ?
It doesn't matter . I will teach you .
Borrow morning .
Just take your golf club . I will pick you up Borrow .
Hi , Mike , what gives ?
Hey , great set of wheels .
Who wouldn't ? Wow , that's out of this world .
Yeah , too cool . How much did they sold you for ?
I can imagine .
I'd love to .
Would you like to go to the natural history museum with me ?
Yes , lots of time . I was quite impressed by the wide variety of exhibitions they have .
Oh , my god ! My wallet is lost . What should I do ? It drives me bonkers .
Good morning , Mr.Jones !
Nice to see you again .
How is everything ?
Quite well , thank you .
No , I was driven by my husband .
Yes , thanks .
Is there a lot of snow in this region at this time of the year ?
Well , I think I like it . I appreciate the snow very much .
By the way , where can I go ski ?
Hi , Sandra . how was your weekend ?
Fantastic ! how was that ?
I might . what did you do yesterday ?
Do you know that scientists replicated a sheep into an identical clone .
It's a big jump in science . Maybe more like a leap .
She has contributed to a new school .
I hear the school is very modern . It has the best equipments .
She said she would name it after her father .
What are you doing over the weekend ?
I want to go camping , you know , just get a way for the weekend . I'm not sure I'll be able to , though .
OK , Mr . Wu . You may come in . I'm Anne Smith and on my right , my colleague , Anna Duncan , and on my left , Angela Lamb . Do please sit down .
Your English is fluent .
How do you think of the weather today ?
Hello , Betty , how are you ?
Just fine , thank you.How ' s your father today ?
I'm glad to hear that.Bye .
I am so happy to know that the promotion campaign for our new product is very successful . We just made a record sale this season .
It is not an easy job . How do you like the advertisement for the new product ?
Mary , I think we should stop seeing each other .
I'm sorry but it's for the best .
Do you like jazz , Tom ?
Well , yes , I do . I'm a real fan of Wanton Marsalis .
No , he doesn't ! ! ! He plays the trumpet . So , what kind of music do you like ?
Who's your favorite group ?
Ugh . Another advertisement . They ’ Ve added two hours of advertisements to a two hours movie .
Why are we watching it anyway ?
True . True .
Really ? Did Coke pay him for that ?
You want something to drink ?
Sure .
Good morning !
I slept like a baby . I fell asleep right away last night , didn't wake up once , and didn't have any nightmares !
I feel much better , but I'm still worried about something .
Well , I have to drive to school for a meeting this morning , and I'm going to end up getting stuck in rush-hour traffic .
For me , traffic jams are quite stressful , because I'm pretty impatient . How can I prevent myself from getting stressed if I get stuck in a traffic jam ?
Ok , I'll try that .
Just one more thing . A school called me this morning to see if I could teach a few classes this weekend and I don't know what to do .
I'm supposed to work on a paper that'd due on Monday .
Speaking of classical music , we should never forget about the New Year's Concert of the Vienna Philharmonic .
Sure . It's one of the biggest classical music events . Have you ever been to the live show ?
Wow , you're so lucky . I saw it on TV . But it must be so different to be there in the concert hall .
It seems to me that you are on very good terms with him .
He must be all over you the first time he saw you .
That means he was head over heels in love with you .
But I think he can't hold a candle to you . I don't think he has ever popped the question .
How about the matter ?
It ’ s the only way to preserve her reputation .
can I see your passport , please ?
yes it is . Residents can queen up in the lines to my right .
what's the expiration date on your passport ?
I see . Yes , you'll need to renew your passport in a few months . Make sure you don't let it expire while you are in the UK .
do you have anything to declare ?
how long will you be staying in the UK ?
what is the purpose of your stay ?
where will you be staying ?
how do you plan on paying for your living costs and tuition fees while you are here ?
ok . Have a good day . Here's your passport and documents back .
I can't even imagine you snorkeling !
OK , Bond .
So you can always keep two times at once ?
Going to the cafeteria ?
That ’ s fine with me . I don ’ t hate vegetables and I don ’ t eat much during lunch .
I am going to give you an end-of-the-unit test this Friday . Please be prepared for it .
Review all the lessons in this unit and see if you can understand the main idea of each lesson .
Phrases and sentence patterns are also very important . You should know how to use them .
Certainly .
Well . When you review your lessons , mark the places which you don't understand , then I will give you some coaching .
How about tomorrow ?
What do you think of smoking ?
What in your opinion can be done to stop smoking ?
But that'll affect the national economy .
How about printing a warning on each cigarette packet ?
Are you ready ?
Who can tell us something about the author's life ? Volunteer ?
Very good . Sit down , please . Susan , what's the general idea of the text ?
No , you can't . This is an English class , and you have to express yourself in English .
wow ! You're going to Tibet ?
that's really cool ! I've always dreamed of going somewhere like Tibet , seeing something unique .
nothing particular .
oh , Tibet sounds great , but I'm afraid it'll cost too much . Last time I traveled to India , and it cost me a fortune .
ok , then count me in . where will we stay ?
then make sure that you book me a room , too .
and check whether they accept credit cards .
Excuse me , I ’ d like to apply for a library card .
What sort of proof do you need ?
I ’ m a student from out of state , so I don ’ t have a local driver ’ s license .
The phone bill ’ s in my name .
How long will it take to get the regular one ?
See you later , alligator .
How did you meet your boyfriend , Cindy ?
Who made the first move ?
Wow !
What do your parents think of your dating a boy ?
Hi , my name ’ s Karl . My wife and I are moving in next door .
I ’ m happy to meet you . It seems everyone in town is so friendly .
Well , I ’ m from Chicago . There few people take the time to get to know their neighbors .
I hear that you are in love with Mike .
Don't you hit it off ?
Are you going to tell me about the stamp , or not ?
I'm just asking . It's not like I'd actually make a bid .
Don't worry . I won't .
Have you met John ?
Have you noticed how fluently he speaks English ? He has only lived in America for less than three months .
What courses are you going to take next year ?
Why are you going to take English with chemistry and physics ?
Of course it depends on what you are going to do when you leave college . Have you decide what you are going to do when you graduated ?
Does your wife work ?
Oh , I understand . She cooks , cleans and takes care of children . Is that right ?
What kind of movies do you like , Sue ?
Just like my wife . So , what ’ s your favorite movie ?
What are you thinking about ?
Again !
Hello . Are you a friend of Helen's ?
My name is Phil . What's yours ?
Have you tried these little ditties ? They are really good .
Can I get you some punch ? I was just going to go get myself some .
I usually bowl with an eight ball . I like the control of a light ball . I can spin it more , so that the ball hooks .
Well , let's see which technique is better . I think I'll go up first ... Yes ! I hit a strike . I knocked them all down on my first bowl .
Good start . You knocked eight pins down . But you are left with a 7,10 split . Unless you can bowl a UFO-ball on this bowl , it is going to be impossible .
Mom , why do chinese people like to touch my head ? sometimes they even touch my cheeks .
But i donor like it , not a bit , i am not a pet , i am a girl .
But i do not like anyone touch my head .
What if everybody in the wheres goes crazy ?
Does this mean that if i might want those new European bitches , i am supposed to wonder run reget ?
can I use your laptop for a while ?
oh , isn't your computer Wi-Fi capable ?
oh my , no internet access is killing me .
no , I'm not feeling myself . I just want to check my emails , visit my favorite websites and chat with my friends .
what does that mean ? there's nothing wrong with me .
that's alright . I just can't bear losing track of all the latest information . It almost drives me crazy .
so , how's your course going ? Do you like it ?
what are you specializing in ?
that sounds really interesting . Can you speak Swahili ?
really ? How did you do that ?
that's amazing . Are you doing well in your classes ?
when did you take your exams ?
how do you think you did ?
I'm sure you'll do well . Did you study hard ?
don't worry . If you don't do well , no one can !
Ah ! No ! Damn it !
So what ? I just lost one hour's worth of work .
No , I didn't save this time.Damn it ! And I'm sick of writing this paper . Now I have to write it all over again too .
I hate computers . Sometimes I think they cause more trouble than they're worth .
I don't know . I feel like going out .
It doesn't matter . I still can go out and buy a beer .
Yes , that's true . Damn ! I just lost half my paper , and now I can't even do my homework.This is a bad time for this to happen .
Mr . Brown , are your children always kicking up a row like this ? I cannot concentrate on my paper .
I ’ m afraid if the noise goes on , I shall have no alternative but to leave .
You mustn't touch the wet paint , Bill .
Try to be more careful in future .
The workmen oughtn't to leave it without a no tice .
Then why isn't there a notice ?
you don't look too well . Maybe you should take the day off from work .
do you feel ok ?
why don't you call your secretary and tell her to reschedule the meeting ? You should really get some seat or you'll end up feeling even worse than you do now .
you're really hot . Let me get you some Tylenol to bring the fever down .
Zach , what's that on your arm ?
it looks like you have a red rash all over you ! Are you allergic to anything ?
I completely forgot about your cat allergy . I took care of a cat for my friend here a few days ago . Oh no . we'd better go to the doctor to get some medicine . Let's go .
we would , but let's just go and see if there's an opening now before it gets worse .
Craig , what do you do for work ?
What school do you go to ?
That's a good school . What do you study ?
How long have you been studying English ?
That's a long time .
No wonder your English is so good .
I see . Talking with other people is very important .
I'm having a party tonight at my apartment . You should come .
Hello , Jason , there is going to be a screening of Final Destination 3 at our campus cinema tomorrow . I plan to go to see it .
Yeah , I love horror movies . Would you like to go with me tomorrow ?
That's funny , I didn't know a big fellow like you could be so soft and timid on the inside .
Alright , all joking aside , what kinds of moves do you like ?
That is to say , you like all genres except for horror movies .
Not quite . I also greatly enjoy romance and comedy .
Really ? I haven't heard of it .
Wow , there are so many lanterns to appreciate . Now , I can see why it's called the Lantern Festival . It deserves its name .
What are they doing over there ? People keep on gathering there .
Sure . But you know that I can't read any Chinese characters . What do they say ?
Very interesting . But I'm afraid we'd better do something else . Hey , look ! There is a huge lantern there . Let's get close to it .
Really ? Then I'm really lucky . Oh , it's spewing fireworks from its huge mouth .
There are many Chinese characters on its body , too . What are they about ? Puzzles ?
He is so kind . I couldn ’ t believe he murdered his wife .
I don ’ t understand .
You always stick to your PC recently . Are you still fascinated by chatting on line ?
What the hell are you doing now ?
What's new with you ?
Of course , he was our monitor in college . How is him now ?
Will you be okay when you immigrate to America ?
What about your parents ?
So , how's your work ?
I am going to resign . A few of the new staff have already left . Obviously , a lot of similar jobs pay much better salaries .
But we have a policy of paying according to seniority in the company , so new employees get quite low salary , no matter how excellent they have done .
That's why I am going to leave .
I am worried about my future . I can't believe that our company is as big as it is . The company can only continue to grow by taking care of its staff .
I ’ m so excited , mother . Oh , a new baby !
And my first nephew . He looks a lot like you , mum . He does .
Yes , he does have Richard ’ s eyes . The baby even looks like you than Richard does .
It ’ s true . Michelle is a lot like Henry in so many ways . And she is shy with new people just like he is .
Hello .
Sure , just a minute.Mark , you're wanted on the phone .
Hi ! This is Jill.How come you didn't come in today ?
That's too bad.You ' ll have to be more careful nest time .
No , nothing special.Oh , yes , you know Bill , The guy with the moustache.His wife had a baby girl last night and he passed out cigars to everyone today , He said his wife and daughter are doing fine.The baby is their first child .
Yes , we have to.Do you think you can make it tomorrow ?
what kind of music do you like listening to ?
yes , I do . I find it very relaxing . I often listen to Mozart or Bach in the evening after a hard day at work .
classical music is supposed to be good for you brain . Research suggest that it makes your brain more active . Students who listen to classical music while studying perform better .
yes . That ’ s why I listen to it in the evenings . I usually play it as background music while I ’ m cooking or doing other housework .
you can find plenty of recording on the internet too . You can listen to samples and then buy them very cheaply if you like them .
Hi ! Wang Mei.Come and have a look at my new dress .
Thank you for saying so .
I bought it in a store near my school .
It's only thirty yuan .
Yeah , I ’ Ve just moved here , and I ’ d like to activate my cell phone , and I ’ m not sure if I should go with a prepaid plan , or a monthly rate plan .
What ? Really ? I don ’ t really want to have to buy a new phone .
Really ? What ’ s the catch ?
So what does this plan include ?
Wow , all this for forty dollars per month ?
Excuse me , Professor , I have a problem and need to leave class early .
I am not feeling well .
Yes , it's all taken care of .
I can stay a few more minutes .
Thanks , Professor . I've got it covered !
When he told me I had to work overtime , that was it .
Yes , he's really pushed me too far .
Paul sends you his regards .
Do you think I still fashionable in this dress ?
This style came out last year , though . I like the dress , but I ’ m not sure whether last year ’ s fashions will be same this year .
Yes . Only the top designer try to tell people to change fashion every year , but only rich people can do it .
I wish I could be one of those people , but my budget simply doesn ’ t stretch that far . I have to limit the amount of money I spend on clothes otherwise I would go on a shopping frenzy .
He has a girlfriend already .
His new girlfriend is a far cry from Ann . She is like a breath of fresh air .
Why , Tom ? It's five to six already and you are still writing here .
Yes , have you forgotten ? We have arranged to go to Mary's to watch some videos tonight .
What's the matter with you ? You are the one that persuaded all of us to go there .
Oh ... I am really worried about the exam . I have no idea what will be on it .
Yes , but my notes are all nonsense . I can't figure out what is important .
Yes .
What do you mean ? You think I don't write enough .
I know , but I listened .
I suppose you're right . But what can I do ? I don't know what to write down .
That would really help me , Sue . I appreciate it . All this makes me feel like an idiot .
What are you grinning about ?
I thought mom said no dating till you are 16 .
All of your friends , what are you planning to do ?
What a party ! I hope you don ’ t expect the girls to fish .
This is my friend Jenny .
It's Snow .
They're blue .
It's brown .
Are you ok ? You seem a bit anxious .
So you mean you feel ecstatic one minute and then blue the next ?
Well , maybe your mood will swing positively and you will feel confident , brave and hopeful !
Look ! This picture of Mom in her cap and gown .
Yes , we are very proud of her .
Surely , I'll have one made for you . You want a print ?
I'd like to see that myself .
Michael Jackson's coming to town .
What do you like to do with your free time ?
You mean you like to study English ? Why ?
Studying English wouldn't give me any satisfaction . It's hard work .
David , would you like something to eat ?
Do you want something to drink ?
Sorry , I don't have any coffee .
A small glass , or a big one ?
Here you are .
How long have you been in this company ?
You must have found much difference between working in company and studying in college .
Well , you ’ Ve adapted yourself very well . Everyone in our office thinks you ’ Ve made a great progress in the past two years . What is your secret ?
Are you there , Mary ?
How much is my stamp ?
Don't get ahead of yourself . Fat boy isn't yours yet .
What did you say ?
Then he become angry with you ?
Professor Wang looks so handsome today . He is wearing a light brown suit and a pink tie .
He ’ s quite particular about what he wears , especially about his ties . He gets different tie each day .
The tie is necessary for man . It makes you look so attractive in a super tie .
My father dose not know how to tie a tie , for he often wears a cravat .
There is a tornado warning on . My mother just told me she heard it on the radio .
It means that a tornado has been seen somewhere in the area .
No . Not necessarily in town . But in southern Wisconsin somewhere . A tornado has been spotted . They have two stages here.This is what is called a " tornado watch . " That means that the weather conditions are perfect for a tornado .
Yes . People should look out , because maybe there will be tornadoes coming.So it's called a " watch . "
Yes . If a tornado has been spotted , they announce a " tornado warning " . So if there's a tornado warning on , it means a tornado is out there somewhere .
Well . Tornadoes can be dangerous , it's true.If we hear something like a loud train coming , then we have to go in the basement .
That is what tornadoes sound like . They sound like trains . They're very loud .
Maybe . It depends on the tornado.Some can move across the ground at 200 miles an hour.That is very fast . Others aren't so fast .
I've only seen one in my life . I was looking out the window . It was around two miles away . It was very interesting to watch.But it was heading toward my friend's house . So I quickly called them on the phone .
No , it didn't . But they are glad I called them .
They were all sitting in the living room watching TV.They had no idea a tornado was coming toward their house.If it had hit them , they could have all been killed .
Actually the general manager is regarded as a baby doll . He has much sympathy .
Were you one of them ?
You know that this afternoon's meeting is cancelled , right ?
I sent out a notice . You've stopped checking your e-mail ?
How obnoxious ! I heard he was sending you dirty jokes .
Stop running around in front of the TV , will you ? Why don ’ t you just sit and watch ?
Then stay away . Nobody's keeping you from doing that .
All right , I will explain it to you later on . Now scram .
How did your interview go ?
If you get the promotion , what will your new title be ?
Will you get a pay-raise , too ?
That makes sense . Who interviewed you ?
What kinds of questions did she ask you ?
The second one sounds rather difficult to answer . What did you tell her ?
Those are good answers . How did she react ?
What do you think about her as a boss ?
You're lucky . Not everyone has such a great boss !
When you find out you get the promotion or not , let me know .
What's this then ?
But this should have been handed in last Thursday .
Well , what's your excuse then ?
Oh , Yes ?
Our unit is participating in a fundraiser this weekend and would like to borrow the van , if possible .
It will be at the beach by the pier .
We will only be needing it for Sunday .
The only two drivers will be Mary and I .
Sure . We also would like to use the chairs from the lunchroom . Would that be OK ?
Hi , what ’ re you reading ?
No , not that one . But I saw the movie . Could I borrow it when you finished .
Who are those guys ?
Oh .
All right !
Wow , Michael Jordan ’ s slam-dunks are beautiful things to watch .
Which team do you think will win ?
How are your parents these days ?
Oh , good . That's nice to hear . Please give my best regards to them when you're home .
Those are the headlines for today , and now for the international weather report with Mike Sanderson .
Not a great week for the world ! Any good news ?
Happy Anniversary , honey .
After the trouble I got into last year , no way .
I am fed up with Jack . He is so weak in dealing with other people and always eats dirt .
My friend Jane is very beautiful .
Perfect . And I like her charming eyes , too .
Dark blue .
Excuse me . Is anyone in that seat next to you ?
Do you mind if I put my jacket there ?
Yes . And you ?
Well , there are many Chinese Americans , you know.And your English is very good . You sound like an American .
No , really . I can only hear a little accent .
Well , yes . Actually , I'm going back to visit .
No , I'm going back to America to visit . I'm from America , but I don't live there now . I live in Taichung .
Yes . Why not ?
Sure . I teach history in a university . Have you heard of Dong-Hai University ?
I have lived in Taichung for two years now.So this is the second time I am going back to states . I go back once a year to visit my family .
No , it isn't strange at all.Many people from Taiwan move to America too , you know.Do you think it is strange for them ?
Are you new here ?
Are you a freshman in college ?
What school did you transfer from ?
What made you transfer ?
Did you like PCC ?
Good luck here .
The band is pretty good . How do you like the music ?
Well , then , may I invite you for the next dance ?
Don't worry . I'm not much of a dancer myself .
You dance beautifully too .
In college . But I don't dance very often . What's your favourite dance ?
Li Lei , can you tell me what the origin of Easter is ?
Oh , then when do you celebrate Easter ?
How do you celebrate it ?
Morning , Bob . Fancy meeting you here !
Well , I thought I'd come to see you , so here I am .
Fine , just fine . And you ?
I'm sorry to hear that . Take care of yourself .
Sounds wonderful . When shall we make it ?
OK .
My son came home from three years in the navy .
What are your hobbies ?
Like what ?
it's a lovely day , isn't it ?
is she American ?
so I take it you two are hitting it off ? I know it's very convenient to be in a relationship with your neighbor , but what if you break up ?
sounds like you've got some competition . You made a move already ?
that's nice . Having been here a little while surely gives you the advantage , eh ?
good luck !
Hi ! I'm Hong lei . What's your name ?
Hi Ricky . Are you a new student here ?
No , I've been here for six months .
It's not so long really . What class are you in ? Intermediate or ... ?
I'm in Advanced One . Who's your teacher ?
Ah ! Does she wear glasses ?
That's probably Anne Wallis .
No . But she taught me last term . How long have you been here ?
Wow , not long . Where do you live ? With a family ?
Yes . Actually my friend has a spare room in here apartment and she's looking for a flatmate . Would you like her phone number ?
Guess what ? I've got great news !
Well , you know how I've been working at the Economist as a proof-reader , right ?
Well , the editor-in-chief heard that I had experience as an editor at another magadize and asked me if I was interested in becoming an assistant editor for him .
She said that the columnist for the literary criticism column would be going on pregnancy leave soon and that I could be in charge of the column until she came back .
It's a monthly magazine , but my column will be shared with another columnist so my articles will be due fortnightly .
Yes , but I'm even more excited about getting my thoughts published again !
I don't have any with me , but I think I could manage to bring a free copy home for you .
Me , too . Do you want to go out to celebrate my good news ?
I don't think the teacher had a right to say that.The teacher was wrong to have accused her in front of the whole class .
I agree she had the right to say something , but I feel she should have done it privately .
Welcome ! Sophia told us you were coming !
Thank you ! Your cheeks are as red as a tomato ! Are you shy ?
Some of my grappa will cure your shyness .
It's a clear spirit we drink any time of the day . You will love it !
Who wants to go first ? Allen ?
OK . Put on something by the Backstreet Boys !
Are you free tonight ?
Would you please go to a dancing party with me ?
As a matter of fact , I haven't danced for a long time .
Thanks for flattering me . I think you dance a lot , right ?
What are your favourite dances ?
How about samba ?
Then I'll see you at six . Is that all right ?
I would like to watch the Oscars on Tv tonight . How about you ?
I like watching it for the fashion . I like to see what the ladies are wearing . Of course , the men nearly always just wear the traditional tuxedo .
I'm really not sure . Usually just one or two films look set to sweep the awards ceremony , but this year there are several contenders .
You might think this strange , but I like the category for “ best foreign language film " .
You won ’ t believe who ’ s been elected to do overtime on the Baker account ! Me ! I ’ Ve already logged in 20 hours of overtime !
They were supposed to , but so far nobody ’ s turned up , and I ’ m left on my own to do the work . This is the first break I ’ Ve had all day .
You won ’ t believe who ’ s been elected to do overtime on the Baker account ! Me ! I ’ Ve already logged in 20 hours of overtime !
They were supposed to , but so far nobody ’ s turned up , and I ’ m left on my own to do the work . This is the first break I ’ Ve had all day .
You won ’ t believe who ’ s been elected to do overtime on the Baker account ! Me ! I ’ Ve already logged in 20 hours of overtime !
They were supposed to , but so far nobody ’ s turned up , and I ’ m left on my own to do the work . This is the first break I ’ Ve had all day .
Jimmy , I ’ d like to wear this robe for tonight cocktail party . What do you think of it ?
What ? But it is my favorite piece of clothing .
What am I going to do ?
Would you like to come out with me tonight ?
Tomorrow night , then ?
I was wondering if you like to go to the theatre then .
Ok . How about give me a ring , then ?
Why not ?
I don't know what to do , if I can't find the money .
Too ... your face is really oily ... perfect !
Nope . I'm going to tell your fortune . So ... the oilier , the better .
It's facial paper , and it fits into the rings of my binder ! It's magical .
Have you finished your work ?
Where is the baby ’ s mother ?
Bob , how about joining the boxing club this summer vacation ?
So let's get registered tomorrow .
I'm sure he was off-side .
I think he favors the host team .
What do you think of the former champ ?
No champion can remain at the top for ever .
I want to say goodbye to everyone .
I ’ m catching the 9 fifteen train tomorrow morning .
You really don ’ t need to .
I hope so , too . Thank you , Lily . Thank you for everything .
Please say goodbye to the rest of the family for me .
Thank you . Remember to look me up if you ’ re ever in Washington .
How ’ s your father ?
He can spend more time with his grandchildren .
So , he wants to have a more active retirement . Good idea !
You're not looking happy.What ' s the matter ?
With the job ?
A good suggestion for you.You need a holiday .
What do you mean ?
You need a holiday.That ' s what's the matter .
Delicious ! Did you make this chocolate cake yourself , Fred ?
Let's take a coffee break .
The Canada Day is on the 1st of July .
The national anthem of Canada is ' O Canada ' .
Beautiful day , isn't it ?
I wish it would stay this way for the weekend .
You must be pretty excited about your trip to Europe . When is it that you are leaving ?
Like what ?
You are not going to give it up , are you ?
I don't blame you . Perhaps you could sublet it .
Mmm ... let me think . Oh , I know just a person . An old colleague of mine , Jim Thomas , is coming here to do some research this summer , from June to August .
Tell you what , I'll be calling Jim late this week anyway , so I'll mention it to him then .
How is your new car ?
Why do you say so ? Can I see your new car ?
Wow , this new car is dynamite ! It is a shiny , beautiful car .
The car has very sleek lines . I love it .
Could you tell me the right time , please ?
You'll have to get it fixed .
How's your business ?
Things are tough all over . You should never give up !
I think you should make a thorough market investigation now .
I always consider you are such a guy who never gives up .
How are you , Sue ?
Congratulations on your success .
And how ’ s your brother ?
He ’ s going to be sent to Britain to study , really ?
Fantastic ! Please send him my congratulations .
Mike , I can't catch up with our Chinese teacher very well .
What is that ?
Will they recommend me the class that suits me ?
It's raining outside , Catherine , it's too bad.What ' s the weather like in your hometown ?
Do you like the weather in Seattle ?
Why ?
What about the weather in Boston ?
Is it very cold in winter ?
God , I didn ’ t realize . I didn ’ t , I didn ’ t know ...
Excuse me ?
You were spying on me , weren ’ t you ? You probably rented those children .
Because I am your competition which you know perfectly well , or you would not put up that sign just around the corner .
What is that ? What are you doing ? You ’ re taking all the caviar ! That caviar is a garnish ?
Hi , do you know what ’ s for dinner ? I ’ m starving .
Out ? What do you mean out ?
Dad and mom ?
You mean this is going to be a regular thing ?
Have you been in America long , Hellen ?
Where are you going to study ?
What are you going to major in ?
For nearly four years .
That's right . And I'm going to be Vice President of Marketing .
You can say that again !
They work for Zina now .
Why don't you have dinner with me tonight ?
Let's say about 6:00 ?
Did everyone fill out their entry permits ?
Speaking of flight attendants , they keep smiling at me . I wonder why ...
That's because it's time .
It's time to make our wedding wish come true ...
Why not ? I've got the rings ready .
May I help you ?
May I do anything else for you ?
Will that be all ?
Do you have your library card ?
Will that be all for today ?
These books are due back in two weeks .
Suit wrote me a letter .
She got a master degree , and now she is going for her doctor .
It's not a surprise , is it ? She has always been a hard working student .
I am sorry . I ’ Ve left my disk at home .
Let ’ s go to the seashore on Saturday .
It ’ s expensive , too . Let ’ s just sit in the sun and go swimming instead .
Dou you think I should join a basketball team , Mary ?
But I'm afraid it will take too much of my time .
Titanic made a hit ! It was so touching .
Congratulations ! You've just won a car !
How are your wedding plans going ?
When will your wedding take place ?
It will be a large church one . Is your wedding dress ready ?
You will be very beautiful on your wedding day .
Which hotel will the reception be held at ?
It's excellent . A friend of mine had her wedding reception there and said it was perfect , though very expensive .
Please come in !
Oh , so nice of you to come here . Have a seat . Please make yourself at home .
Thank you . My wife would be very happy to hear this .
Hey ! What's up ?
Yeah , I've been out of town .
We must set 1000 dollars aside each month .
We are going to buy our own house .
Hey , Jeff , where's your stereo ?
You must have been really hurting for cash to have done that .
It sounds like you weren't expecting that .
Well , if you need some money to tide you over until payday , I can loan you some .
So what are you doing for Thanksgiving ?
Well you know , it's a time to get together with all your family and be thankful for everything !
Well , the first settlers of Massachusetts arrived there because of religious persecution from England and King James . Once in the New World , they befriended an native named Squanto , who taught them how to harvest food from the area such as corn .
Well , they had enough harvests for the next winter and celebration 。 They decided to have a big feast for the natives , giving thanks the land , and everyone for the foods , healthy and new lives .
Come to my house for Thanksgiving ! We are having turkey , pumpkin pie , mashed potatoes with gravy , and lots of stuffing !
Cheers ! To our first night in our new apartment .
All you hear is the crickets and the breeze .
Well , I think it's fabulous . And the neighbors don't even seem to exist .
Ms . : Do you have a question , Mary ?
Ms . : Let me give you a hall pass for it .
Ms . : With a hall pass , you can go to the ladies ' room or wherever you need to go during class time .
Ms . : If a teacher stops you in the hallway , just show him or her the pass .
What do you think of the speech the man delivered just now ?
We cannot expect politics to be true anyway .
So , you friend ’ s getting married on Saturday . What have you bought her as a wedding gift . I find is so hard to choose the right gift .
That ’ s clever ! Then everyone knows that they are buying something the couple really want and there ’ s no chance of two people buying the same gift . What things were in the notebook ?
So , what did you get them ?
What ’ s wrong with it ?
Household appliance don ’ t seem to last for a long time nowadays .
hey , Jimmy , you've been sitting in front of the TV all day . Anything interesting on TV ?
why don't you turn off the TV and get outside ? You need to get some fresh air .
Really ? What's the series about ?
it sounds interesting , but I am not a big fan of TV shows . They're time consuming and don't have much depth .
really ? that's interesting !
I ’ Ve had it ! I ’ m done working for a company that is taking me nowhere !
That ’ s exactly what I am going to do ! I ’ Ve decided to create my own company ! I ’ m going to write up a business plan , get some investors and start working for myself !
Well , no.it can ’ t be that hard ! I mean , all you have to do is explain your business , how you are going to do things and that ’ s it , right ?
Well , that seems easy enough .
Geez . Is that all ?
Are you a blogger ?
Oh , it seems that I'm the only one who never blogs . When did you get started ?
What do you usually write about ?
That's interesting . How often do you write a blog ?
Got it . Are you still updating your blog ?
What are you doing this Saturday ?
Do you want to go see a movie ?
What's playing at the Century Fox ?
Should we go see it ?
How about ‘ Run of the Mill ? ’
Why don't we go to a concert instead ?
Hello , My name is Candy Brown . May I have your name ?
Nice to meet you , too . Where are you from ?
I was born here .
It's nice talking to you . But I have to go .
OK . It's 15066688866 . Call me ! Bye-bye , then .
It's a lovely day , isn't it ?
I love it when the weather is like this.Why don't we sit down outside and have our lunch ?
I really miss the change of seasons like we have in Colorado ; but I must admit , this sure is a nice spring day .
Okay.Hey , is that a dark cloud over there ? Do you think it will rain after all ?
I hear that you have been promoted . Congratulations on your promotion !
When are you going ?
I need your help , Bob .
I'm really confused by these annoying abbreviations .
A / S / L , IGP , H & K , and ZZZ . What the hell do they mean ?
Interesting . Then what does H & K refer to ? The city of Hong Kong ?
Really ? What kind ? A girl left this word to me , and I thought she was in Hong Kong .
Hug and kiss ? ! How is it possible ? Oh , it's really bad to Miun - Verstand her meaning .
why are you in such a good mood today ?
I didn't know you were scared of heights ! Was it really bad ?
so what did you do about it yesterday ?
you're kidding me ! that sounds really scary !
weren't you scared ?
so have you cured your fear of heights ?
I'm impressed .
well , sometimes I get scared when I'm in my apartment all by myself .
I always worry that the door is unlocked or that a window is open and that a stranger will come in and steal my things .
Look out !
You must have rolled over something just now .
Mr . Green , I ’ d like to introduce you to Mr . Brown .
My pleasure , Mr . Green . I look forward to an excellent relationship with your company .
So who does he think he is , anyway , I can't believe the way that my boss has been ordering everyone around lately , I mean , it's now like he is the CEO , or anything .
Yikes ! you are joking , right ? I can't believe it . No wonder he is so stressed and bossy lately . I thought he was just being ostentatious by giving orders to people and all the different departments . What big shoes to fill !
What does a CEO do anyway ? I know the CEO makes the most money in the company , but what does he actually do ?
Okay , can I ask you something direct ?
Fair enough . Give it to me straight . Did she bully you into this ?
I tell ya , when I got the invite , it really threw me for a loop . You've done a complete 180 .
Have you ever been in an earthquake ?
Do you know where it measured on the Richter scale ?
No , but I was in quite a few tornados when I was younger .
I'm from the plains of the Midwest . It's a prime location for tornadoes .
Most of the time we were lucky , but once a tree from our front yard was ripped out by its roots and ended up in our living room .
Actually , some of my fon best memories of my childhood were of spending time with my family in the basement waiting for the tornados to pass .
No , but my father's car was destroyed in a flood once . It actually happened the day after he bought the car !
There is a tornado warning on . My mother just told me she heard it on the radio .
It means that a tornado has been seen somewhere in the area .
No . Not necessarily in town . But in southern Wisconsin somewhere . A tornado has been spotted . They have two stages here.This is what is called a tornado watch . That means that the weather conditions are perfect for a tornado .
Yes . People should look out , because maybe there will be tornadoes coming.So it's called a watch .
Yes . If a tornado has been spotted , they announce a tornado warning.So if there's a tornado warning on , it means a tornado is out there somewhere .
Well . Tornadoes can be dangerous , it's true.If we hear something like a loud train coming , then we have to go in the basement .
That is what tornadoes sound like . They sound like trains . They're very loud .
Maybe . It depends on the tornado.Some can move across the ground at 200 miles an hour.That is very fast . Others aren't so fast .
I've only seen one in my life . I was looking out the window . It was around two miles away . It was very interesting to watch.But it was heading toward my friend's house . So I quickly called them on the phone .
No , it didn't . But they are glad I called them .
They were all sitting in the living room watching TV.They had no idea a tornado was coming toward their house.If it had hit them , they could have all been killed .
Is this your brother-in-law ?
From his looks , I'd say he's a man of character .
What about you , Ernie ? How did you get into pop music ?
Yeah , if something is on the radio it must be really good .
Hello , Mary . Why are you standing here in the cold wind ?
Going for a walk in such a cold weather ?
Can you tell Bob from Tom ?
Don't you notice that Bob has a mole on his face , but Tom does not .
I have a problem .
My mattress was supposed to be delivered today .
The delivery people showed up four hours late .
I was late for work because of them .
I want my money back for the delivery .
It shouldn't be a problem .
Hi , my name is Pete . You are Ann . Isn't that right ?
Do you see that girl in the red top ? She told me who you were .
Yes , that's her .
Actually I live in London , but my family lives in Seattle .
Where in London do you live ?
I play tennis there every week . Shall we have a game one day ?
Every year , the South has the floods . It is an act of God .
Yeah , you have some other ideas ?
For example ?
John got a heart attack last night .
Not so good , though his nephew took him to hospital in time .
Watch out ! You're too close to the fire place .
Really ? That's wonderful !
Not at all .
You talked like the Terminator for two months ? Wow , I think you liked that movie even more than I liked ' Titanic . ' Why did you like ' Terminator ' so much ?
Isn't ' Terminator ' really violent ? I usually don't like gory movies because they gross me out .
So do you believe in palmistry ?
It's when someone takes a look at another person's palm 4 to tell the future .
Are you sure ? I've read a lot about palmistry and I've been able to tell a lot of accurate things about a person from his palm . Do you want me to take a look at your hand ?
Ok , let's see , well , you've got a long life line , which is good , and the love line is strong ...
Hmm , hard to say , wait , yes , it looks like you will do well in business , and your ambition will help you a lot , but ...
You seem to have a large gullibility line . You believe everything that you're told .
I heard through the grapevine that Michael probably become the new sales manager .
I am not a rumor monger .
Melissa ? I ’ d like to invite you to my wife ’ s birthday party .
Her birthday is on the 9th . We ’ re going to have dinner at a Mexican restaurant , and then maybe go out dancing .
Hello , Janet .
And what is this ?
And when is your son's birthday ?
But Mark's birthday is in April so I need to think about his present soon .
Oh , my birthday is in December just before Xmas so of course nobody remembers .
Thank you very much for everything you have done for me during my stay in China .
The help is mutual . I must thank you to see me off . My wife and I will be looking forward to seeing you . You will come to see us , won't you ?
How do you usually spend your leisure time ? I mean , do you have any special interests out of your job ?
Yeah , you ’ re quite right and what ’ s your hobby ?
Oh , photography , It ’ s really a good hobby .
You yourself have a photo studio ?
Can I help you ?
May I know the reason , madam ?
When did you buy it ?
Can I see the receipt ?
hey , Lily , what are you doing ?
you mean the boy you met on MSN ?
you must be joking . You can't fall in love with someone you've never met !
I think it's just a crush . You can't be serious .
did you tell him ?
you shouldn't take it too seriously . It might be a lie .
hi , Natasha , how's life ?
oh , you must be very happy . How many people are there in your family ?
I have a small family . They are my parents , my younger brother and me .
yes , it did . But my parents are ethnic minority people . It's a preferential policy for an ethnic minority family to have two children .
the child must feel very longly . My younger brother is 10 years younger than me . Before he was born , I used to be the only child and always dreamed that I would have a younger sister or brother one da
yes , we are very close . He is 12 years old and very smart . He always makes us laugh a lot .
Is there a city where it's always warm ?
Are there any other cities where it's always hot ?
But why do so many people live there ?
Are there any cities where it rains a lot ?
Tell us about some cold cities .
Is it always cold in Chicago and Boston ?
Did you read this ? It says that the number one new years resolution make is to spend more time with friends and family .
Well , think about it . We are a society that is always on the go , not because we have to , but because we want to .
We work hard and spend less time at home because we are trying to provide for our family with goods and services that are usually unnecessary .
What ’ s the point ? We always make a new year ’ s resolution and by February we will have forgotten about it . It ’ s pointless .
What about you ? Your gym bag is gathering dust and you still have brand new running shoes that are yet to be jogged in .
You don ’ t look like enjoying this workout .
You don ’ t like this sort of exercise ?
Yes , that ’ s funny . I thought you liked it .
Never mind . It ’ ll be over in 10 minutes .
Bye . Take care .
I'm afraid I've had a terrible row with my boss . What shall I do ?
Oh , but I can't . It wasn't my fault .
Jack , what are you doing ?
I can see that . But why are you reading advertisements for houses for sale ? Are you buying a house ?
Can I have a look as well ?
Oh , this one looks really good . And look at the garden . So beautiful .
Yes , but my house has large windows and so gets lots of sun . And it has a small balcony at the top .
Talking about a barbecue , didn't you say you are organizing one next week ?
John , do you mind helping me prepare for the picnic ?
Yes . It says it will be sunny all day . No sign of rain at all .
Okay . Please take some fruit salad and crackers for me .
That's great . We can also take the dragon kite with us . After the picnic , we can fly it .
How ’ s your trip going ?
Isn ’ t London hot in the summer ?
I see . What about transport ? How does Shanghai compare to London ?
And what about the number of people on the streets ?
Mom , can you talk about the philosophy of life with me ?
Do you like the Harry potter books and movies ?
Why not ? They are very fun and exiting .
No , that ’ s not true . Many adults like the Harry potter books too .
Hi , Anna . I haven ’ t seen you for ages . Where have you been ?
No wonder I haven ’ t seen you recently . Where did you spend your holidays ?
You must have a wonderful time .
No , my wife doesn ’ t like traveling . We haven ’ t been traveling for more than ten years . The first time we traveled together was in 1978 when we just got married . We spent our honeymoon in the Alps .
Hey , the pool's open now !
So it's time for the kids to get outdoors ...
Not this Taiwanese girl . We don't like to get suntans .
Donna , you really shocked everyone at the party last night !
Yes ! We have all assumed that you were the quiet , shy type .
Where did you learn to sing like that ?
You ? Wow . And why don't you ever dress like that at work ?
Would you like to join the drama club ?
Why do you want to join it ?
Hey man ! How ’ s it hanging ?
Did you go to the roller rink on Saturday ? I heard it was far out , man !
Right on , right on ! Well , Jim went to the rink with Sherry and he said it was dy-no-mite ! He was low on bread , but Sherry paid for everything .
Did you do anything fun over the weekend ?
Why didn't you want to go out ?
Did you download a movie or rent it at the store ?
I'm not a VIP .
Is there a lot of crime in your city ?
It ’ s the same in my city . We also have a lot of drug addicts . A lot of the crime is committed by drug addicts who need money for drugs .
Some people believe that a tough approach is better . Other prefer a more lenient approach .
I really should be on my way .
No , thank you . I can ’ t .
Thank you very much . I had a really good time .
That would be great ! Actually , can I get your phone number , Ella ? That ’ s assuming you don ’ t mind if I call you sometime .
ok , got it . I ’ ll call you sometime next week .
It ’ s time to go and I hope we can get together again soon .
He said he will get married by the end of this month .
My son closed his ear to what I said . I don ’ t know what I should do .
I got a raise .
I would love to be famous and have thousands of adoring fans .
I love being photographed ! If I were famous , I ’ d do interviews for all the top magazines , like cosmo and elle .
no-one really believes gossip columnists .
I think you ’ re right about that . I ’ d need a good manager to be my spokesperson . I could do a lot of charity work , which would help a lot of people .
I love children , as you know , so probably a children ’ s charity .
Have you ever thought about Tom ’ s attitude ?
Love me , love my dog . He ’ s a sensible kind man .
What do you think of the new television channel ? Aren't the programs awful ?
Actually , what bothers me is the violence . There are far too many detective and police shows .
do you mind if I sit here ?
don't I know you ?
you're right ! How are you ? It's been a long time !
I went straight to university afterwards . What about you ?
that sounds exciting . Where did you go ?
I went to a small school in Connecticut . It has a very good reputation for its languages department .
yes , I got a grant to study Chinese .
it is , but it's very rewarding .
I can , but not as well as I'd like to . I'll be studying Chinese until the day I die !
Hi , Mary , I didn't see you at work this morning . Are you all right ?
Oh , I'm so sorry to hear that . Have you seen a doctor or taken any medicines ?
Are you feeling better ?
Do you need anything , grocery ?
Sure , I'll get it for you.Books or magazines ?
Sally , I ’ m tired of this Western food . I really miss my mother ’ s Sichuan cooking .
I have tried . But Americans like butter , bread , sugar , and cream too much .
It ’ s interesting that Americans work very hard at their jobs , do not take naps during the day , and yet they can be so heavy .
I was thinking about applying for the new position .
It seems like a good idea but I am not really sure .
Well , it would give me a chance to grow , but I am wondering if I would like the job .
I am also thinking about the pay .
Yes , it might be worth it . I am not certain .
The murderer was sentenced to life imprisonment .
Yeah , because he just killed a man in cold blood .
David , what have you been up to lately ?
Really ? Where did you go ?
What cities did you go to ?
Did you go to Berlin ?
I think this summer is a good time to visit Berlin . It's a beautiful place and the people there are very nice .
I went there last year . If you want , I can give you some information I have about the city .
Look at this survey conducted by a website . A quarter of the employees will spend an average of 10 minutes everyday online doing personal things . Hi , Francis , what about you ?
Though our company doesn ’ t have a return policy , limiting the personal use of internet , I don ’ t think the boss will like us to do that .
But it is lucky for us . The company computers don ’ t have software keeping tracks of websites we visit . I have shopped too often online these days .
Have you started your report yet ?
It's easy . You only have to search the internet in order to get the information you're looking for .
The principal just announced that Dr . Smith is going to take over as dean of our department .
Why are you so calm ? Are you not surprised to hear this ?
Do you think he can do well ?
Where are you from , Laura ?
Oh , so you're from South America .
Flight BE407 to Rome is delayed . Will passengers please wait in the lounge .
The time of departure will be announced as soon as possible .
After you .
Hi , Tina , I've got good news . I have successfully passed the first two rounds of interview with ABC Company . They informed me to go to the final round next Monday . It looks very promising .
Thanks . Let's go for a celebration this evening . Are you free ?
No problem . See you !
Are you going to leave school at the end of the term ?
What are you going to do ?
What does a clerk do ?
I want to be a vet .
A vet-a veterinary surgeon .
A vet's a man who takes care of sick animals . He's an animal doctor .
Hello Michael .
We're going to talk about Australia . Or your going to talk about Australia . So first of all how any people live in Australia ?
OK . What are the biggest cities ?
OK . Um , if you had to live in one place where would you live ?
Oh , nice . Actually , what is the capital city of Australia ?
Jim was late again .
Can you tell me what the date and time of our field trip is ?
Yes , I can write that on my calendar .
Yes , I understand .
No , I don't have a ride yet .
How much will the trip cost ?
I've just been a little depressed lately .
Nothing really .
You know , Mary , I feel we meet somewhere before . Where were you born ?
What was your childhood like ?
Where did you go to university ?
What is your current occupation ?
Hi Amy , you look very happy .
Wow . You must be very excited .
Shall we go to a restaurant to celebrate ?
Me too . I feel very thirsty as well .
I don't think the lecture is very interesting .
I feel he's like a talking machine .
Steven , I need badly your help .
My wife has found that I have an affair with my secretary , and now she is going to divorce me .
Yes , I know I'm wrong . But I swear that the affair lasts only for two months . And I still love my wife . I couldn't live without her .
Mary has really gotten under my skin .
I think I ’ m crazy about her .
finally we're on board !
are they window seats or aisle seats ?
ok . But can I trade my seat with you ? I prefer the one near the window . I'm a terrible flyer . I always get airsick and can never relax until after I've landed .
thanks . Where shall we put our luggage ?
good idea .
ok . Hope it's a pleasant trip .
and no hijackers .
I want to have a complete relaxation this weekend .
Yes , exactly .
I like football best of all .
It's a very good game .
hi , my name's Abby . What's your name ?
I'm a freelance English teacher . How about you ?
what kind of job are you looking for ?
have you ever thought about becoming a freelance IT consultant ?
not if you are good at net-working . Do you like to meet new people ?
do you have experience in the IT field ?
do you speak Spanish ?
that's OK . Have you sent your CV out to anyone yet ?
did you write a clear objective in your resume ?
I think you need to update your CV . Bring it over to my office tomorrow and I'll help you with it .
Who's that over here ?
What do you think of the teacher ?
What does she teach ?
Is she your teacher ?
Can she speak Chinese to her students ?
The Phoenix team overpowered its counterpart 86 to 50 .
If the Phoenix beats the Rocket , it will enter the final .
Julie , is that you ?
Yes , it's me . And you're Julie Ashley . How are you ?
So do you ! How are you doing ?
Marquet , do you think I should enroll in the science course ?
Right , I figure since you are doing premedical , you know about the very courses .
Yes , I really weak in maps , I did poorly in high school .
Do you like traveling ?
Where did you visit ?
How did you like it ?
Where did you go there .
And do you have friend there ?
You must enjoy yourself .
Hello , Chandler ! How are you ?
Just so so . I am too tired . My company has been holding too many training sessions lately .
Good ? ! For them but not to me .
We have to participate in training after a busy day and during the weekend . You know , after work all you want to do is throw yourself onto your bed . And during the Weekend , you just want to stay at home and enjoy a family dinner .
Yes , I agree with you on the point but couldn't the training be held during the working day instead of weekend ?
The company is selecting three employees to attend the marketing seminar next month . Did you put your name in for it ?
It's not just about the things that you learn , you know ... seminars are a really great opportunity to mingle and network with professionals in our industry from all over the nation . You can learn a few things , but more importantly , you rub shoulders with the business leaders and make contacts that could lead to potential sales or partnerships in the future . The social mixers are always more important than the seminars anyway .
Well , what if I told you the seminar is going to be held in Hawaii ? Does that perk your interest ?
I think I'll write a book .
All of the time tested healthy habits from around the world .
The interesting thing is to see what really works and what's just hype .
That's right . I think we all have much we can learn from each other .
I heard that you went to the concert the day before ? How did you like it ?
Who was the conductor ?
Oh , I learned that he is also a legendary violinist .
Obviously you did enjoy the concert .
Hi , Daniel , how are you holding up ? I am greatly sorry for your loss .
How ’ s that going ?
Have you bought a burial plot and a casket ?
I see , that sounds like something she would have really liked . I am sure the memorial service will be tasteful . You are doing a great job .
Hey , guys !
How's business ?
Wow ! I'm impressed !
I quit my job as a food critic .
You can't beat me at tennis .
Song , I hate to say goodbye , but I have to .
Let's keep in touch .
Shakespeare was born in 1867 .
Are you sure ? Can you make it more exact ?
How is he ?
Did he see the doctor ?
Why ?
When will our party be held ?
Have you sent out invitations by our party ?
When ?
Could Dr.Cole like to attend the party ?
What's the score ?
The Russian team needs to tie the Ukraine to get the pass for the final .
what are you looking for ?
do you know what camcorder options are available ?
would you like to look at the new digital camcorders that have just come in ?
ok . This Sony model is their newest and our most popular camcorder . Why don't you see if you like the way it feel ?
it's got an above-average battery life . It lasts up tp 12 hours and can be charged in 30 minutes .
yes , that is an option .
yes . I can show you examples of some footages that was taken with this camera in the dark .
It can record any sound that's within about 8 feet of the camera .
there are models that can pick up more sound than this one , but they're much bigger and heavier than this one .
Do you think what I did to Elvin was out of line ?
Elvin doesn't want any programming help . He wants all the glory for himself .
Did you hear the names he was calling me ?
Are things still going badly with your house guest ?
leo , I really think you ’ re beating around the bush with this guy . I know he used to be your best friend in college , but I really think it ’ s time to lay down the law .
Why don't you come round for a meal one evening next week ?
Which day would suit you ?
How about Thursday ?
Oh , about 6:00 . Will that be OK ?
Bob , I'm really upset with you .
You forgot it last year as well .
Belinda , I ’ m going to a party tonight . What shall I wear ?
I guess it ’ s formal .
That ’ s right .
You are smart .
You are right . What kind of shoes should I wear ?
Good idea . Oh , by the way , would you please pick me up after the party , honey ?
What's his job ?
But Mrs.Smith hired him to find her lost son .
Let ' s got out tomorrow night . We can go to a bar and try to find you a girlfriend .
Maybe you just need a few pick-up lines , you know , break the ice .
Come on ! You can just walk up to a girl and say “ If you were a booger I \ ' d pick you first . ”
Fine , then you can say , “ So there you are ! I ' Ve been looking all over for YOU , the woman of my dreams ! ”
Yeah , so you make her laugh , you make a fool of yourself a little bit and then you buy her a drink .
At their last meeting , the stockholders voted unanimously to block the merger of our company with Blycore . All the executive committee was in favor of the merger ... I don't understand how the stockholders could have so much power to throw a wrench in the plans ...
Is it really that simple ? It doesn't seem very efficient to run things that way ...
Did you go to the concert last weekend ?
Yes , I did . I enjoyed it a lot.There was a folk singer , a violinist and a pianist .
Great ! I landed on Classic Movies .
I love them , especially the all-time greats like Gone With the Wind .
Why are you asking me about my boyfriend ?
Brad Bush ? Good for you !
You mean you've never had a boyfriend ?
Until college ?
Now that it ’ s the new year , I ’ Ve decided to turn over a new leaf .
You got it ! I have a new job , I ’ m living in a new city , with new friends ! This is my opportunity to make some small changes in the way I live my life .
Well , first of all , I ’ Ve decided to stop smoking . It ’ s not that I ’ m pinching pennies or anything , it ’ s just that I ’ Ve been smoking since I was sixteen , and I think it ’ s time to stop .
One last thing , I ’ Ve decided to come out of the closet .
Why are you in such a hurry ?
Don't worry , do it step by step
Don't worry , do it step by step .
Hey , Frank , there is that Janet chick .
She sure knows how to strut her stuff .
And look out she's dressed .
No way . Her old man is rich . He buys her anything she wants .
I think you've lost it .
I admit that she is much prettier than Kate .
Do you like swimming ?
Me too . Swimming is a very good exercise for health . It combines water , bath , sunbath , and air bath together . It promotes the growth and haleness of muscles , bone , viscera and nerve systems .
Have you ever swum in a river or a lake ?
You should have seen the T . V . show that was on last night , the topic it covered was really interesting , animal rights .
Yes , but we can ’ t deny that animals are vulnerable , defenseless , and are completely at the mercy of human beings .
You can ’ t compare apples and oranges . I believe that both topics are important and that we can ’ t ignore them , the mistreatment of animals can cause a great environmental imbalance . I believe that governments should prohibit activities like poaching .
At least you ’ re doing your part . My contribution is to have a pet in the house that I treat like a member of the family .
So it looks like we start selling in the U . S . next year .
He's still not sure whether he wants to put me in charge , or whether he wants to hire an American.But even if he hires an American , I'll probably be transferred to our American office .
We aren't sure yet . Maybe L . A . I think L . A . would be the best idea .
Yes , the recent agreements between the two governments have changed everything.Now we have the right to sell in America at a much lower tariff.It ' s going to be good . We can compete more directly with them .
Our computers have a high level of quality now.We can demonstrate it . And our prices will be good.So I think it will really be worthwhile .
Well , you know I studied marketing in America.So maybe the thought of going back there to promote our brand is kind of exciting to me . I'd love to be part of the team .
Yes , I do . I think we can compete . I think we can make a name for ourselves.It will be hard at first . But if we develop a good advertising campaign , I think we can break into the market .
It takes some time.Because even if the quality is high , people won't accept a high tech product unless they recognize the name.Name recognition is crucial .
That's very nice of you to say.But if we set up an office there in the States , maybe you could try to become part of it .
How are the children doing at sport ?
He ’ s not very good at the long jump though , is he ?
Two meters ? That means that the high jump bar is above his head ! Are any of them good at long-distance running ?
How are they at swimming ?
Kate is very good at diving from a height of 10 meters .
I think that these kinds haven ’ t learnt to be afraid yet . She started diving from a lower height , but she soon wanted to go higher .
How many people are there in your family ?
That is a big family . How old is your sister ?
What about your brother ?
Do you miss your family ?
Do you often go home ?
How often do you write to them ?
Wow , American football is more exciting than I thought .
Oh , right . So , I can ’ t quite follow what ’ s going on ... who ’ s winning ?
Wow ! What a hit !
Is he ok ?
I guess he hit him too hard ; the referee just called a penalty on the home team .
Yeah .
What happened ? Why did everyone get so quiet ?
Who stands out in your mind as a man or woman of sound character ?
He's the US president , who walked five miles just to give a lady her change , isn't he ?
That's right . He ran for office quite a few times before he was finally elected .
He had great vision , didn't he ?
What ’ s your working day like ?
Do you get paid onetime ?
Do you have any breaks ?
My boss gets annoyed if we take coffee breaks . I suppose your job involves a lot paperwork , doesn ’ t it ?
Yes , I do . I don ’ t like it very much .
Freeze !
You know that ? Dan got a divorce .
Yeah . But his relation with Sallycome to a sticky end and was found by his wife .
Hello , is Jack there ?
Jack ! It ’ s Rose here .
Fine , thanks . I ’ m having several friends over for dinner this Saturday . And I was wondering if you have the time to join us .
Joanne , let ’ s not make this divorce any more acrimonious than it already is , okay ? Let ’ s just get down to business and start dividing this stuff up fairly , so we can go our separate ways , alright ?
What was that ?
Let ’ s not go there , Joanne ! Ok , so let ’ s start with the record collection , I ’ ll take the albums I contributed and you can have your cheesy disco albums back .
I believe that was a wedding present to both of us , Joanne . And you hardly ever use it !
Whatever ! Alright , I ’ ll concede the silly gramophone , if you ’ ll agree that I get the silver tea set .
Which ones ? Let me have a look . Wow , look at that ! That brings back memories ... That ?
... and you looked so adorable with your hair all wet . I had to take a picture of you standing there in that little alley , smiling and laughing in the rain ...
Oh , Joanne , are we making a big mistake ? I know our relationship has been on the rocks for sometime but are you sure we can ’ t reconcile and try again ? I still love you .
What's the time now ?
You've simply forgotten to wind it up , have you ? When do you usually wind it up ?
You got up so late today . You have , I think . Turn on the TV and set your watch by it .
All right . It's just four o'clock .
Going to the gym tonight , Mary ?
That sounds like fun.Would you mind some company ?
I'll get my things and meet you there .
Whose part do you think is best played ?
You're absolutely right ! That's the very figure I like best .
We're having a tailgate party I before the game . Would you like to join us ?
Someone brings a truck to the game and we have a barbecue right there in the parking lot out of the back of the truck !
Don't worry about it ! Just come at five .
Well , if you insist , you are welcome to bring a potato salad !
What may I do for you ?
You will need to apply for one .
You can do it right now , if you ’ d like .
Please fill out this application .
I just need to take your picture .
You will get it in a few weeks .
I ’ Ve got this really neat idea , you can hire a car and drive straight there .
But that ’ s the quickest way to make your plans work .
Would you please put that cigarette out ? I get sick on it .
Thank you SO much .
What ?
I really hate to say this , but don't go away mad , just go away .
Then , why didn't you try to prevent it in the beginning ?
I don't want to argue anymore . Please get out of my life !
No way ! Please don't follow me around .
It's a fine day today , isn't it ?
How nice seeing the sun back again ! The air is so fresh .
Well , the weather is so unpredictable this time of year .
Look ! It looks as if it is going to rain .
When can we expect you and your daughter for dinner ? Next Saturday ?
How about Sunday then ?
Does 6 thirty suit you ?
Hey , look ! They ’ re playing reruns of the 1996 Olympics .
He completed the first 200 / 400 double in Olympic history !
Carl won the gold in the 100 , 200 , long jump , and 4x100 relay in 1984 .
Will you have time this Saturday evening to go to the cinema with me ?
What a pity ! Then how about Sunday ?
Then when do you think we could go out together ?
OK . Any time on Friday will be OK with me .
Come on , fellows.Let ' s enjoy my wife's cooking !
Thank you ! My wife likes cooking very much .
Guess what !
I am going to the mountains with my family this weekend .
Does Mr . Schmidt know he's going to become a father ?
Well , he has a surprise waiting for him when he gets back , doesn't he !
B , what's in your hand ?
Why do you read them ?
I got your meaning . Reading is your own solution to solve pressure from busy tasks .
I often go to the bar near our dorm when I am overtired . I am crazy for drinking wines with special taste .
Shall we have a drink someday ?
What a lovely day , isn't it ?
I hope it stays like this .
Is the weather usually like this here ?
What's the weather like in winter ?
I wonder what it ’ s going to be like tomorrow .
Neither too cold , nor too hot .
Yes , especially in spring .
Once , when I was a child .
Now and then .
Are you travelling in America ?
What do you do ?
I know all the tricks of the trade . It is quite tiring and difficult to be promoted .
I am a reporter at a TV station .
Yes , I have good working conditions and I would require a salary at least 15 , 000 $ a year .
I report the social news which means I always interview the citizens of various professions and trades .
Sometimes . News happened out of expectation . Sometimes I have to get up in the early morning while I can't sleep for editing and interviewing .
What a charming room ! It faces south , and there's such a lovely view of the city .
No , I shouldn't think so.By the way , is there a socket for my razor ?
Is it a two-pin socket ?
You're my hero .
That's brilliant ! We can name the grades of motor oil by where they come from .
I think the Saudi Arabian will hit the spot today .
What ’ s your city like ?
Is the traffic bad in the city centre ?
What about restaurants and entertainment ?
Is there a lot of nightlife in your city ?
It sounds like a really exciting city to live in .
Bob ! Your eyes look bloodshot . Did you not sleep well ?
you have it right . Alcohol is a medium for communicating emotion in China . Drinking with business partners or would-be friends is a way of solidifying friendship , especially in Northern China .
you lose face by refusing to drink , and the host might think you refuse to give him face . The right thing to do seems to be drinking yourself into incoherence until you throw up . This will endear you
then he must be opening his heart to the friends . In a word , as long as you demonstrate a readiness to drink more in spite of already suffering extreme discomfort , no one will jeer at you .
When ’ re you getting married ?
Why so late ? Didn ’ t she want to get married this October ?
That ’ s really a shame . By the way , who will be the bridesmaid ?
Good afternoon , Mrs . Brown . I've come to see Mr . Brown .
Is he in ?
Oh ! I just drop in on him for a chat .
I heard the film was after the novel The Godfather .
Mario Puku .
Going to the gym tonight , Mary ?
That sounds like fun . Would you mind some company ?
I'll get my things and meet you there .
You didn't show up to my performance last night ! Some kind of friend you are !
Sure . You look like you're all black and blue .
You're serious ?
I guess I misjudged you . I hope you can forgive me .
The whether in Beijing is just beautiful .
Yes . I can see . The summer heat is over . And the winter cold is still far away .
Autumn is also very nice In Washington .
No . it isn ’ t . But sometimes it slows a lot in winter .
Oh . Yes . Sometimes it rains very heavily
There ’ s a lot of rain in summer . But it seldom rains in autumn
That ’ s true . many people from the south don ’ t like the whether here .
No . I ’ m from the north . I was born in Beijing actually .
Tom set the whole country by the ears with his discovery .
My friend Jane is very beautiful .
Perfect . And I like her charming eyes , too .
Dark blue .
Nice day , isn't it ?
Look how fast that car can accelerate !
Hi , how are you doing ?
I'm pretty good . Thanks for asking .
I've been great . What about you ?
What school do you go to ?
Do you like it there ?
Good luck with school .
My brother joined the army last year .
He's tall and strong .
You seemed to be fed up with Mary .
She is a barking dog . But she means well .
I have lots of friends .
I don't know , maybe one hundred .
Of course . I have lots of best friends .
I think about twenty-five .
I feel sorry for you .
You must be lonely . I will share my friends with you .
I have talked a lot about your restaurant business and your friends with my friends . One of my friends seems to be on good terms with Sue .
Give me your hand . ( takes Rose's hand ) Close your eyes . Go on . ( Rose closes her eyes ) Step up . Now hold on to the rail . Keep your eyes closed ; don't peek .
Step up onto the rail . Hold on . Keep your eyes closed . Trust me ?
All right , open your eyes . ( Rose opens her eyes . She stretches her arms , and Jack stands behind her , arms around her . )
My uncle passed away last night .
Man , they take a lot of our paycheck .
Seriously . The only tax I don't mind them taking is social security . It's only a few dollars every paycheck .
Yeah . It won't be much , but at least we ’ ll have a monthly check when we get old .
Let's just hope the politicians don't figure out a way to spend it .
Nick ! How ’ s it going ?
What are you doing in this neighbourhood ? Do you live around here ?
It was great to meet you last week at the conference . I really enjoyed our conversation about foreign investment .
Sure , you still have my contact details , right ?
Can I borrow one of your pens , Amy ?
Hey , Sandy , what's new ? Interested in a movie tonight ?
Soup kitchen ? Is that a new restaurant or something ?
How did you get involved in something like that ?
So what do you do there ?
Yeah , it sounds easy . How long does it take ?
I don't know . I mean , I like helping the community and all that , but I don't know if I have the time ...
Wang , I'd like you to meet my friend . Dou , this is Wang .
Pleased meet you , too , Mr . Dou .
And we got a 50 thousand dollar ticket for construction workers peeing off the roof .
See , I just told you he hit a deer . Man , I knew you weren ’ t listening to me .
Nothing ?
You and Patricia got engaged , didn ’ t you ? You can tell me .
Come on .
I'll come see you tomorrow .
Have you got any plans for the coming holiday ?
Volunteer in a zoo ? What specific things will you do ?
It must be a unique experience . I ’ m looking forward to share your story when you come back .
Oh , honey . You came . I'm so glad ! Why are you wearing a bonnet ?
They're beautiful . Taylor , you're so pale and skinny !
I guess . Are you sure you're taking care of yourself ?
Is everything ready for Billy ’ s birthday party ?
Yes , I did . I ’ Ve put one on the table for each child . I put up the big “ happy birthday ” sign too .
I ’ m sure of that . There ’ s enough food here to feed an army !
Thanks for reminding me . I ’ Ve prepared some party games for the children too .
Are you doing anything tonight ?
Do you like western music ?
There ’ s a concert tonight . Would you like to go and listen to it ?
Mum , can I finish my homework later ?
But I want to watch TV now .
Please .
Not even for an hour ?
Table-tennis is our national game .
Listen to this . Mary got married .
Yes . Yesterday .
She married Jerrod .
She ’ s going to live in Paris .
It was great meeting you .
Maybe we can meet again sometime ?
What's your favorite hobby ?
What kinds of books do you like to read ?
By the way , would you like to see movies ?
What do you do in your spare time ?
I just like to sleep like a lazy cat .
Are you sure you heard right ?
I don't believe you .
There is a new restaurant opening up in town next month .
My favorite , Mexican . And I've heard that the head chef is from San Paulo .
I can hardly wait !
I'll double check the announcement .
I am thinking about inviting you to a dinner . When would you have time ? And what kind of food do you fancy ?
To thank you for helping me at work last week . If you would not have been so kind , I would not have been able to pick my parents from the airport . You really did me a big favor . Thank you so much .
Fine , I know a good hotpot place in the downtown area , food there is pretty spicy too . Shall we try that one ?
Charlotte , have you had your supper ?
Why ? Don't you feel well ?
What's up ?
You must not feel depressed about such a trivial thing .
You'd better shape up if you want to get the job done .
I'm afraid I can't go to the pictures with you tomorrow .
Not really . I'm expected to attend a meeting .
Mum , I have something for you today .
Don't you remember ? Today is March 8th . It's Women's Day .
Now , close your eyes . ( Mum closes her eyes and Steven puts the present in her hand . )
What do you think of your teacher ?
And I hear he gives very good lectures .
I'm so glad to meet you .
Fine .
You must be annoyed about your boyfriend ’ s leaving you , huh ?
It ’ s a sad thing . I ’ m ever so sorry ...
Hello , Rebecca , fancy meeting you here !
How have you been ?
Pretty good . What brings you here ?
What courses are you going to take next year ?
Why are you going to take english with chemistry and physics ?
Of course it depends on what you are going to do when you leave college . Have you beside what you are going to do when you graduated ?
Hi , chary , are you busy this evening ?
what are you doing ?
how old is he today ?
well , wish him a happy birthday for me .
I was just thinking of going to a movie tonight .
sorry , I've got people coming over tomorrow night .
sounds that way . Maybe some other time then ?
yeah , me , too . It's about time I made a move .
likewise . See you later .
Good afternoon !
Fine , thanks . I am Wang Lin .
Is this your first time in Beijing ?
Here is my phone number . If you need anyone to show you around , call me .
Hey Michelle , jump in quick . It's pouring out there !
Yes , he told me . We need to pick him up at his hotel and then go to the conference .
Ah thank you ! I'm very excited . We were going to get married next year , but then we decided to get married on holiday instead . It was wonderful .
I know what you mean . I think Shanghai is getting more and more expensive , don't you ?
What's that , a new video game ?
For instance ?
Wow ! Anything else ?
What if I want to use CD-ROMs or floppies ?
Hey , what's up ?
What were you writing ?
You mean you're going to ask her out in a note ? You big chicken !
But , you work with her everyday .
You've dated a lot . What's so different about Diana ?
Well , I guess you don't want this note , then .
I was looking for you to deliver this note from Diana . She wants to know if you want to go to the office party with her tomorrow night .
Sorry . What can I say ? Now , do you want the note or what ?
Have a great time tomorrow night .
So , what happened ?
He stood you up .
Not possible .
Absolutely .
And no phone .
Mary , how was your date with john ?
Oh , really ? That is great news . What does he look like ?
Sounds like he is pretty cute . What do you think of him ?
Oh , it's love at first sight . When will you see each other again ?
Maybe he is busy with his work . Just wait and try not to think about it too much !
Come on , Mary , you're a total catch . I bet he will call you . Don't worry .
I feel terrible , but I've just broken your ashtray .
I don't know what to say . I'd like to replace it .
I'm so angry at Bob for buying a new bike .
The hotel is full tonight . we will need to find a new place to stay .
Do you know much about computers ?
I've just been reading an article about them.they ' ll be used for all sorts of things now .
Yes , but they are used for other things , too.Do you remember when we went to buy a ticket for the flight to Paris .
The man asked where we want to go , then he type out the information on the form and waited for a reply . A few moment later , he gave us two tickets .
How happy you are ! Next Monday is your wedding day . Congratulations !
Fred is really a good guy . And he loves you so much .
He's after your own heart , it is important .
Many happy returns of the day , darling ?
And here is your birthday present .
Do you like it ?
I didn't expect to see you at this hour . You must have goofed off again .
You'll be sorry if the boss finds it out . He may probably give you the bag .
Hi Jane , you look great .
Yes , I took off 4 kilos . I am glad you notice it .
No no , I just changed my eating habits . I eat a balance meal . and I eat less than before .
On balance , dress designing appeals to me most .
Say , how would you like to be a dress designer ?
Hi , Sue . What's up ?
Ok , I guess . My boss has been on my back recently .
You know , just giving me lots to do . I'm really busy right now .
OK , that ’ s fine . Bye .
That ’ s it , my lease is up . I have to move .
The owner apparently is selling this place to make way for the construction of a parking lot
I think I might move in with my parents for a couple of months until I can find something . You know how hard it is to find a decent place around here . I ’ m gonna have to put most of my stuff in storage for a while .
Actually , would you mind looking after my pet tarantula and snake for a couple of weeks ?
Which social problem do you think the government needs to concentrate on most ?
How would you solve the problem ?
It would probably be very expensive .
It ’ s not a bad idea . I think education is the biggest problem at the moment . Schools don ’ t seem to have enough money to educate kids properly .
Most voters what everything bout ways . They want the government to pay for lots of things , but without increasing taxes .
The sun is shining .
That's the sign of wind .
Hello , Joanna . You are looking very charming in the new dress .
Yes , it suits you very well . It certainly is unique . I don ’ t think I ’ Ve seen anything like it before .
And the necklace , it matches your dress marvelously .
Welcome back ! How was your vacation ?
Where did you end up going ?
I've always wanted to go to Paris . The Eiffel Tower is one of the most famous tourist attractions in the world ! Did you go to the top ?
Sure . What's this one a picture of ?
You don't look very happy in that picture .
So what did you do ?
My travel agent always reminds me to plan a day of relaxing for every 3 days of sightseeing . Did you go to the Louvre ?
Your ring is very beautiful .
Oh , it is precious .
Our major is from a bigger city .
He brings with him some talented people from his former city .
Hey , where's Cindy ?
You're Mary , right ?
Cindy told me about you in our gym class .
My house is next door to yours .
What's the score ?
The Russian team needs to tie the Ukraine to get the pass for the final .
I hear that there is a festival called Duanwu in China .
Why are you celebrating this festival ?
What do you do on that day ?
Hey , there's Leo . I wonder why he's walking arm in arm with that young woman .
You're pulling my leg ! She must be thirty years younger than Leo . Talk about robbing the cradle !
It must have been love at first sight because I know he didn't have a girlfriend last week .
How many credits are you taking this semester ?
What's the matter , are the classes you want full ?
If you were to take on a double major , what would be your first choice ?
Have you even thought that far ahead ? I mean what country would you like to do business with ?
What part did you get in the play this time ?
I wish I had a character part . Those are my favorite .
I know , but I've done that so Ay times . It's getting old . The leading guy is always the same macho A .
Next time . You are going to love your part . I've seen the script .
Are you free on Friday evening because we were wondering if you would like to come round for dinner ?
That ’ s a pity ! Then when would it be a good time for you ?
Which season do you like best ?
I prefer summer , especially the summer evenings . When the sun comes down , it is so nice to take a walk and breathe . After a rain shower , the smell of the air is refreshing . It is also a best reason for ice-cream .
Great party , isn't it ?
This is my first , I only met jane last week . she and I teach at the same school .
Yeah , history , what about you ?
Salesman ?
Oh , I see , by the way , my name's Mary .
Remember that old man who used to beg for money on the street across from our house ?
He got a job and now he owns a small grocery in town .
Sorry . I've got to run .
Hello , this is the International Student Office . My name is Leah . How may I help you ?
Ok . Can I ask who is calling , please ?
And what is your call regarding ?
Ok , I'll try and put you through . Please hold .
... Sorry , her line is busy at the moment . Can I take a message ?
Ok . What's your number ?
Let me repeat that back to you . That's zero , double seven , eight , seven , three , six , seven , double six , double eight .
I got it . When should I have her call you back ?
Ok , Nathaniel . I'll have Ms . Collins call you back sometime tonight before 6 pm .
Bye !
Dan , Dan , dude . You have to come over to my house right now !
Just get over here !
So , since when is your house a bank ?
I mean , what ’ s up with the locks and iron bars on your windows .
What ’ s the matter with you ? Why are you acting all paranoid ?
OK , well , what did you want to see me about ?
You didn't ring me last night.You said you would .
That's all right . But why were you so rude to me at lunch .
And why are you yarning now ? Are you bored ?
Hey ! What's up ?
Yeah , I've been out of town .
Hey , let's go to the night market after work tonight .
Reciting texts really bores me to death .
Good Lord ! Look at that man .
He's swimming in the cold sea . He must be very strong .
How about a movie tonight ?
Does 7 o'clock suit you ?
How about a snack after work ?
Would you rather stay home ?
Are you really interested in doing something ?
Have you bought another handset
This is silver gray , while I remember your handset was black .
Can a handset case be changed ?
How many cases are accessible ?
Would you mind going to dinner with me tonight ?
I want to change my job .
Well , I want to earn more .
It's very cold tonight !
0h , that would be nice of you .
Do bullfights interest you much ?
So I ’ Ve got two tickets to the latest show but I need a little favor from you .
There is a wonderful opera today . I'd like to see it .
' The sound of music ' . This music is known by everybody and is suitable for all ages . It is about a happy family without sex , violence or bad language .
Yes , you are right . I like the song in the movie , edelweiss , do you remember it ?
Those young actors play the roles perfectly .
No , I am asking you whether you will go to see it .
Would you like to come out with me tonight ?
Tomorrow night , then ?
I ’ m wondering if you like to go to the theatre then .
Ok . How about give me a ring , then ?
Why not ?
You look like a basket case .
What's the problem ?
Yeah , and ?
Why ?
I guess you think twice next time he comes .
So how long has he here for ?
Hi , Mrs . Henderson .
Of course I have plenty of time . What's new ?
No . The Hills ? Who filed for divorce first ?
Oh , maybe not . It's just your guess . Do not give currency to idle gossip .
What's up , buddy ? You look so upset .
I'm sorry to hear that . What's your conflict ?
Did you think about talking to her again ? Maybe she is waiting for your call .
I like your sweater . It suits you very well .
Mr . : There are two things that you'll need to know .
Mr . : The school has three lunch periods , and the kids are divided into three groups to go to lunch .
Mr . : Furthermore , when you are dismissed in the afternoon , you will be divided into two waves .
Mr . : The school parking lot is not big enough for all the school buses to come in at one time . So only half the buses come in first to pick up the first wave's students .
Oh , my God ! I've been cheated !
It's a brick ! I can't believe how stupid I was . Damn it !
There was a guy on the sidewalk.He had three new boxes , Panasonic video camera boxes.He said he had to get rid of them quick .
So he said he'd sell me one for twenty dollars . A four-hundred-dollar camera for twenty bucks .
Yes .
I wanted to . But he said , no , the box is still in its plastic wrap from the store.If it's opened , other people won't believe it's new .
Yes , it was the kind of perfect plastic wrap that comes with new products.Look , it even had a bar-code price sticker on it ! It looked brand new .
He said he had to get rid of them . They were stolen .
C'mon , don't blame me ! I thought it was a new camera . We could use it.We were even thinking about buying a camera . I don't understand how he could have such a perfect-looking box .
I'm sorry for being late .
About what time can I go to my own class ?
Now that it is all over . can I go now ?
Are you looking forward to seeing that big concert next week ?
Hey Joanne . What are you up to ?
I'm so bored . I don't know what I'm going to do today and it is only ten in the morning .
I don't think we are boring . It's just that we don't have any hobbies .
That all depends on what you like to do . For example , I like to doodle on the notepad , so I'm thinking about doing some real drawings .
Yeah . That can be a good hobby .
Have you had any kind of punishment in your college ?
What was it for ?
How do you like my new sports car ?
If I won the Pools , I'd go round the world .
What would you do ?
One thing's certain . If I had a lot of money , I wouldn't work any more .
As I said , I'd go round the world .
Oh , I don't know . It'd take me a long time to go round the world .
Anyway , we haven't won the Pools , and we're not likely to win them . So there isn't much point in talking about it , is there ?
And my wife would be happy if I bought her a mink coat .
What'll you have ?
I'd have a Scotch if I were you . We deserve it .
do you like animals ? I really like dogs .
why ? I think cats are ok .
I like wild animals . I don ’ t like spiders and snakes . I think spiders and snakes are disgusting .
I think bears are wonderful . Pandas are fantastic . I low the people who kill them for their fur .
I hear your sister has had an accident , is it true ?
That's a crying shame . It really is !
Good evening , I'm so happy you could come .
What would you like to drink ?
My son is alway complaining that I dump on him . He was very rude and told me to mind my own business . I cannot put up with that .
Do you think children watch too much Tv ?
Perhaps I should impose a limit on how much Tv my kids can watch . They don ’ t do much else in their free time . At least they always do their homework first .
They could go out and play with their friends .
Perhaps I could ask my husband to teach them foot ball or some thing . He watches too much Tv too .
Did you meet the new girl in our sales department . She is taking the place of Maggie during her alternative leave .
I guess not , They haven't officially introduced her to the whole staff yet , she barely started yesterday .
what's up ?
what's wrong ?
Are you using dial-up or broadband ?
In that case , you need to turn on your airport .
do you like ever chat online ?
Oh , no . You can register for free . Just go to the yahoo website and it will tell you how to do it .
well , you can always block them . When I don't feel like talking to certain people online , that's what I do .
it's aubreyinchina@yahoo.com .
I ran into a glass door yesterday .
You have been here for how long ? Four months now ?
Do you know Chinese better now ?
Oh , yeah . Many Chinese like to bargain . It happens almost everywhere .
A shouting match ? You ’ re so funny . You must be exaggerating . I don ’ t believe it .
Yes , perhaps . Chinese usually don ’ t notice that sort of thing . Maybe it ’ s quite natural to us .
That guy's manner really turns me off .
Do you like our new history teacher ?
You can't say that ! He's a very knowledgeable person .
Have you seen Harry ?
Yes , but he was supposed to be back by now .
You spoken English is pretty good . Please tell me your experience in learning English .
What's your method of learning ?
What if there is no chance ? I mean what if you don't have a partner , what will you do ?
How's your new car ?
You made a good choice , then ?
No regrets ?
I'm glad you're so happy .
Now that you'recommending such enormous fees , producers , directors , movie-makers must see you in a completely different light .
Then the standard that you set yourself originally must have changed .
It seems to me that now you're famous . You've got to go out and be seen at the right places and go to the right parties .
Then fans don't see you much in public places .
A lot of people compare you to Julia Roberts . I wondered if there was anyone that you compare yourself to in Hollywood , that you've watched and thought , ' Well , they've got something I could use a little bit or could learn a little bit about . '
When do children start school in your country ?
But thats only in the cities , isnt it ?
Can kids in the countryside get equally good benefits and education like those in the cities ?
The baby is crying again .
How can you do so ? Perhaps something is wrong with him . Let ’ s go and see him .
Oh that ’ s a lovely necklace .
Oh I didn ’ t know you were married .
Oh I see . That ’ s nice . Did you meet your husband at work ?
Hi ! Is that the new laptop you brought last week ? It looks very nice .
Here ? In this cafe ? How can you do that ?
That ’ s great . Can you do it anywhere ?
So , what programs do you have on your laptop ?
I know you are keen on photography . It ’ s very useful for you to be able to download photos from your digital camera . Then you attach the picture files to emails and send them to anyone , anywhere , at anytime !
Nice and warm again , isn ’ t it ?
How are you these days ?
What's happening in your life ?
That sounds great .
My wife is really a chatter box . It ’ s so boring .
What is it ?
You ’ re a wonderful person , Kathleen .
And I ’ m so honored that you would want to be with me because you would never be with anyone who wasn ’ t truly worthy .
Don ’ t , don ’ t , don ’ t , don ’ t say that . That , that makes it worse .
You don ’ t love me ?
But we ’ re so right for each other .
My elder aunt feels like vomiting , she is pregnant .
But she feels like having no appetite at all if she stays at home all day .
Is this your umbrella , miss ?
You look a bit familiar to me . I wonder if I have seen you somewhere before .
May I ask where you live ?
That ’ s it . I live there , too . I live on the sixth floor .
It ’ s a small world ! May I know your name , miss ?
How do you do , Miss Chen ? I ’ m Song Mei .
Are you going to your office now , Miss Chen ?
It's very thoughtful of you to invite me to your wedding .
My best wishes to you and the bride !
I have a sweet tooth . I can not help but think about having something sweet between meals .
That sounds really attractive . Let's go to that candy shop now .
why not ? I would like to buy some candies . Since there are so many people , I think they must have delicious candy .
They have lollypops , chocolate drops , fruit candy , mints , pearbrittles and toffee . They are in different colors and flavors .
Me too . I finally understand why a small shop like this can always befilmed with dozens of people .
You are a candy terminator . Be careful or you'll get a lot of cavities .
Who do you think will win the championship ?
There's a game on tonight . You want to watch it with me ?
Good morning miss . Wang
It ’ s a beautiful morning isn ’ t it ?
I hope it won ’ t be too hot , I can ’ t stand the heat
You are very late , but I was on pins and needles the whole time .
Look at these newlyweds . They seem as if they are on top of the world .
People who have just got married feel that the world is right before them .
What would you say if I told you I was going to quit school ?
I don't know . I failed my exam .
A B plus .
But I should have aced it . I mean I finished the paper so quickly , thinking it's a piece of cake . But when I knew my result , I was like what ? That can't be true !
No , I don't . I just don't know how to handle this . This is my first time , you know .
What ?
How ?
Thanks . But I really don't feel like watching movies tonight . I have to get an early start in the morning .
I guess that's what I need . Thanks . You're being a really good friend .
You are too picky .
Which guy ?
I can't see him . Where ?
Oh , I see him now . Wait ! That's ...
Oh , wow ! It's really him ! Who is that woman he's with ?
I can't do that .
Do you have a family tradition at Christmas time ?
What is it ?
That's it ? That's the tradition ?
I guess the spirit of it is what really makes any tradition fun .
Karen , do you have a minute ? I'd like to ask you about something .
I think you can give me some advice.You have worked here longer , and I just want to know what you think .
I am worried about the meeting this morning .
Really ?
I'm afraid I was too rude .
Well , I maybe talked to Mr . Drummond too directly . I thought I maybe said too much . I don't want him to be angry .
Really ?
But I am new here , and I'm not sure he is used to that .
Yes . And he is the president of the company .
I am very happy to hear that , Karen.It ' s good to know I'm working in such a company .
Good . Thank you for telling me this .
I really admire you , Diana .
you are really happy and able to achieve high scores at school .
isn't there anything else ?
you must have a high IQ score .
go ahead .
seriously ? But you are such a genius .
well , perhaps you're right . Sometimes EQ matters more than IQ .
oh , thank you . I'm going to the library , are you coming ?
Hey Sarah . Why are you limping ?
Was it your first time ?
I remember the first time I went . My back was sore , I couldn't sit down because it hurt my butt , and my legs would cramp if I walked too fast .
It's only like that the first couple of times .
You gotta give it a chance . It's fun after awhile .
Hi Mark .
How was your summer vacation ?
I took summer school . I withdrew from two of my classes last year so I wanted to make them up .
Yeah . And I have 5 credits to spare . I only needed to take 10 credits over the summer , but I took 15 because the price was the same .
She dropped out of school completely .
She worked at a startup company as an intern and since the business did well , they asked her if she wanted to work full time .
It sounds good now , but I'm traditional . I want the degree , so I wouldn't have accepted the offer .
What is up ?
Oh , don ’ t be angry . I just thought you might need them sometime .
Are you a smoker ?
Would you describe yourself as being a heavy smoker ?
When did you begin to smoke ?
Might I ask if you have tried to give up smoking ?
Hey , look at my new shirt . What do you think about it ?
I bought it on a street market . A real bargain !
Jenny , you look terrible . What's eating you ?
Hey , chill out , I'm just trying to help .
So , what's the problem ?
No kidding ! Didn't you study for it ?
That's too bad , anyway , I'm sure things will turn around next semester .
You can't do that , Jenny !
Lisa , I'm home .
Pretty good . I've made a few friends already .
Well , Pam Franklin lives next door to us . By the way , can I go to her house this Saturday ?
That's what Pam said .
It's nice and bright today , isn't it ?
How about winter ?
It's boring , right ?
Do you get much rain during the summer ?
So you should bring an umbrella often .
Thank you for coming to see me off .
If have time , I'll come again .
Thank you for your hospitality . I hope I didn't cause you too much trouble during my stay .
I'm afraid I have to go now . The plane will take off soon .
May I invite you to dance with me ?
Never mind , I can teach you .
No , it is easy .
You just follow me .
Yup , because dance can relax myself .
Hmm , what should I wear today ?
Well , haven't you ever heard people say that there is always one piece of clothes missing from a woman's wardrobe ?
Loving to look beautiful is women's nature . In fact , I am thinking about going to my favorite clothing shop today .
Well , I need to change the shoes I bought from Nasi . They are too small . I want to ask them whether they come in a larger size .
I'm feeling hungry .
Yes , let's get something to eat .
What do you think of the way people use and treat animals ?
Perhaps people should stop eating animals . We could grow more crops .
We could provide them with better conditions anyway . We should certainly try to improve the conditions at zoos . We should try to recreate the natural conditions as much as possible .
I agree . I ’ m an adult and I love going to the zoo . I don ’ t like animals experiments though . I believe that we can do tests in other ways .
That ’ s good news . The good thing is that most people treat their pets well .
Have you every given money to any of the charities that take care of animals .
I'll be seeing you around .
Did Bean send these dirty jokes to you , too ? Look !
No wonder he asked for my address first-he just wants to harass me !
Do you object to drinking black tea , Mr.Zhang ?
Do you drink green tea , then ?
But if the tea is good and well prepared , it will do much good .
Not only can it appease one's thirst , but it can also refresh one when tired .
Why is it so ?
I just heard your boy had taken the first place in the history test . He is super cool .
Jennifer , would you like to have dinner with me ?
Is today OK ?
How about tomorrow night ?
Is 9:00 PM all right ?
Is 6:00 PM OK ?
The Italian restaurant on 5th street .
How about the Korean restaurant next to it ?
Hi , long time no see . How have you been ?
Tell me all about it .
Oh , I see . What makes you think that ?
Really ? What happened ?
I see what you mean . I understand why you're concerned . Have you tried talking to your son about it ?
You may be right , but it doesn't hurt to find out more about what's going on in his life .
Hello , Tom ! Do you have plans for this evening ?
How about having dinner with me ?
Let ’ s fix it at seven o'clock , OK ?
Don ’ t worry . I will arrange everything .
Hello Mei , How about going for a meal this evening ?
Ok that sounds good . Where shall I meet you ?
Ok great , I ’ ll see you at six .
I'd like to meet you again sometime .
Anytime . You can reach me at 5558929 .
Fine .
Lisa , I'm so glad to see you . How are you doing ?
Me too . We haven't seen each other for years .
How time flies ! Now you are a college student out of a little girl .
Couldn't be better .
When she told me that she would marry no man but Dick , my heart was almost in my mouth .
I could not and can ’ t make out the reason why she would set her heart on a man like Dick . He plays the field with many girls .
Excuse me . May I take a picture of you and your little boy ?
It ’ s for a book .
Hey , That's a really nice outfit you have on .
Oh , you look stunning . Your dress really goes well with your shoes .
No , not at all . It looks really classy on you . Where did you pick that up ?
When did you go there ?
I might just do that . What style of clothes do they have ?
I was hoping to get a few new ties for my collection .
Well , I spent a lot of money on getting my shirts tailor-made , so I couldn't afford to buy any new ties .
Yes , I am . Say , are you going to wear that outfit to the party ?
Me too . I will probably go dressed in a T-shirt and jeans .
That's my style when I'm not in the office .
Hello , John . How are you ?
Very well , thanks . Nice to see you again . I haven't seen you for a long time . What have you been doing lately ?
Fine , thanks . I've been busy lately .
I've been studying for my exams . My school exams will begin next month .
Thanks . And how are your parents ?
Where are you going now ?
I can't . I have to meet someone .
Mom , look , that cake looks delicious . My mouth is watering .
What a pin-up she is !
That's incredible ! She has such a sharp figure .
What's the date today Mr.Brown ? I don't have a calendar .
25th Sep ? Oh , I have an appointment tonight .
It is at 8 o'clock .
I don't know what time it is .
I have to go now . I don't want to be late .
Hi , Michelle . Do you need to use the photocopier ?
Oh , I'm fine , thanks . I'm super busy with work actually . Did you hear about the Lawson contract ?
Well , I was discussing the contract with Bill and he said that they met the head of Lawsons last week .
And hopefully they are going to confirm the deal on Wednesday , fingers crossed .
What's your favorite kind of music ? Do you like pop music ?
There was a concert country music last week .
I like it , too . But sometimes I enjoy jazz and classical music .
What can I do for you ?
What did you do to this book ?
You will need to pay for the damage .
I ’ m going to need $ 5.00 .
It isn ’ t .
Thank you .
Hello ?
I ’ Ve no idea . Nothing really .
Wonderful .
How is your business on the Internet , Steven ?
I am sorry to hear that . It shows that you should buy companies , not ideas .
Yes , I agree with you . I am going to find a good company and invest in it soon .
Yes , I will . I should learn more from you . After all I am green hand on it .
OK . My wife sent me a message and asked me to go home just now . I am leaving .
Where do you have to go .
When do you have to be there .
How long do you have to be there ?
When will you be back ?
I ’ Ve got a new boss .
Well , he ’ s got dark hair and brown eyes .
And a white sports car .
Now I understand . But I don't smoke or drink.So what am I supposed to buy in here ?
No , I'm sorry . I don't think it is nice to have butterflies mounted in boxes.It is kind of disgusting .
Yes . I think they should just let them fly free , and not try to sell them to foreigners . It is a kind of destruction of nature .
Who knows ? Hey , I like these jade bears here .
This one is 2300 dollars.Maybe I should buy it for my mother . What do you think ?
Yes , but she would like this a lot . She likes to collect little things like this .
Maybe I could buy some Cognac for my brother . He always drinks it .
What's new ?
Hi , Monica , I got big news .
Not really , just take a wild guess .
Well , it is not going to happen so soon , I guess .
I'm frustrated .
I can't work out this problem .
You ’ re a big fan of Andy Lau , aren ’ t you ?
How come you don ’ t have all of his films on DVD ?
I see . I ’ m sure you ’ ll find them one day . I see you also have several poster of him .
Are you a member of his fan club ?
Did you see the interview with Andy Lau in cosmopolitan magazine last month ?
What would you like to have in your breakfast , bread , egg or sandwiches ?
And milk or orange juice ?
What would you like for lunch , pork , mutton or beef ?
What kind of drink do you like most , red wine , beer or champagne ?
And among apples , oranges and bananas , which is your favorite ?
Do you always have meals outside or in your house ?
The art critic from the daily chronicle doesn ’ t think much of the max oreo exhibition . He says that the artwork is uninspiring and old fashioned .
I liked it . I didn ’ t think his works were masterpieces , but the certainly weren ’ t uninspiring , in my opinion .
I like landscapes and still life . You prefer abstract paintings , don ’ t you ?
I agree . I prefer oils too . I collect landscapes , but I only have a small collection . You have a small collection of abstract art , don ’ t you ?
That would be nice . Can you read the characters ?
Jenny , are you having fun here ?
I ’ m glad you ’ re enjoying it .
It ’ s my pleasure . Would you like another glass of champagne ?
What do you think of the play showed last night ?
Yes , I turned it off when the fight got heated in it .
Hey , Tom , I want to learn how to play golf .
I want to do everything I can .
No . Can I rent clubs ?
What kinds of clubs ?
I'll buy a set . But you have to teach me .
You are married to a foreigner , aren't you ? So what's it like ?
Yeah , I know what you mean . The first year of any marriage is difficult for all couples , not to mention two people from different cultures .
Oh , so he's half Chinese and half American . That's unusual . What languages does he speak , then ?
What does he look like ? Can people tell ?
What do you mean his grandmothers are already dead ? Wait a minute , you don't think he's avoiding me , do you ?
Oh man , I hate rejection . It really makes you feel terrible , especially when you really liked the person .
How do you do , Mr.Smith ? This is Lili . I'm calling to thank you for the wonderful dinner we had yesterday . I enjoyed it very much .
Thank you , Mr.Smith . I'm returning to China today .
Yes . I appreciate all help and in particular , all the time that you've spent on my account during my stay here .
If there's anything that I can help you in the future , please let me know .
Do you buy that newspaper every day ?
Is there a Sunday edition of that newspaper ?
What section does it have ?
What ’ s in that section ?
You must like negotiating a lot . People are saying , you are a super negotiator .
I am not good at it by any means . Give me some advice .
Sounds easy . But how can I apply to practice ? I am thinking about applying for more reimbursement for my mobile bill . But I am afraid our boss will turn me down .
Hey , Shirley . The party has been wonderful . My husband and my children have enjoyed it very much , and me too .
I surely will . By the way , is the party like this held every weekend in our neighborhood ?
My children would like that ; they like dancing very much .
Look ! Who is that guy on the stage ?
Really ?
He performs very well . He is so funny !
OK , that's perfect ! By the way , is there any playground in our neighborhood ?
OK , got it ! Thank you so much . You have helped me a lot !
You look pale , you must have poor health .
Why not go to see the doctor ?
How is Tom now ?
You said you like classical music very much . Then who is your favorite opera star ?
Oh , you mean Pavarotti , Domingo and Carreras . Have you been to their live shows ?
I've heard of that one . It was also his swan song .
Of course not . People all over the world watch it on TV , or listen to it on the radio .
Yes , I went to the New Year's Concert in 2005 .
That's for sure . You know , it's really amazing to be in the best concert hall , listening to the performance by the best orchestra . I had the greatest time ever .
Lorin Maazel . He did an amazing job . Moreover , he just celebrated his 75th birthday .
The right opportunity for you would come along soon . You know , music is transnational .
I really need to find a parking spot .
Do you know any spaces on campus ?
Where is it located ?
Do you have any idea if the parking structure has any spaces left ?
What time was it when you went up there ?
It wouldn't be full right now , would it ?
Ok . Let ’ s look at our short presentation on China . What do we need to include ?
Ok . China is about the same size as Canada and the united states and it has a population of about 1.3 billion , making it the latest country in the world by population .
We need to say something about the geography and climate of china . Is there any way to divide the country into sections ?
That sounds very general .
One from each part ? Lhasa , Urumqi , Harbin , shanghai , and hongkong . The capital city is Beijing , right ?
I learned of the railway accident only this morning .
Is that true ?
Who is responsible for the accident ? Is it Tony ’ s fault ?
You mean Tony is the victim ? No , I don ’ t think so . He ’ s equally responsible because he tried to overtake you .
Did you hear who won the English speech contest ?
It's George .
He's honest , hardworking and responsible . I simply can't find any shortcoming of his as an employee .
Paul , let's go and see Grandpa this afternoon .
It's Saturday .
I have made up my mind . I am getting a tattoo .
Yeah ! Why not ? They are trendy and look great ! I want to get a dragon on my arm or maybe a tiger on my back .
Really ?
Oh , I didn ’ t know that ! I thought they just paint it on your skin or something .
r company is going to do some cutbacks soon .
I met with the supervisor just this morning . I don't know , but I am a little worried . Who do you think will get sacked ?
no , it's not going to be George . I don't think it's Andy either . He is involved with the boss's sister in-law . And you know how whipped our boss is .
Lisa ? No way . I've heard a rumor that she and the boss were having an affair . You know rumors can't come out from nowhere .
no , that would be crazy . But then who will it be ? Oh dear , it must be me . I should have known it ! Why else would he have talked to me alone about the downsizing . What should I do ? I've got a family t
Do you often surf the Internet ?
Is it very interesting ?
I want to say ...
That I can't go on any longer without you .
Nancy , I made up my mind you were the only woman for me at the first sight .
Forgive me for startling you with the impetuosity of my sentiments .
I really love you .
And I hope so . This is what you were meant for . Say you love me , say yes , say yes .
Do you think Tom will be elected president ?
Let's make a bet on who gets it .
Your knowledge of English is really surprising .
No , seriously . I am impressed .
Your knowledge of English is really surprising .
No , seriously . I am impressed .
Have you noticed the Mexican restaurant on the other side of this street ?
Yes , someone give me a pamphlet introducing the restaurant and its business hours when I passed by this morning.So , let ’ s have a try . My treat .
Good for you . Today we have more chances to try some new food because there are now many new form restaurants in our city coming from places all over the world .
You were right . It's raining again .
Hi . What's up ?
Not too much . I've been pretty busy .
Gotta go . Call me tonight .
What's all this noise about ?
Why ?
How many people are there in your family ?
I have a large family . I have three older sisters , my twin sister , a younger brother , and parents .
We ’ re identical . I mean , we look exactly the same , but we are complete opposites when it comes to everything else .
We used to be really close , but that all changed once she moved to Shanghai . How about your family ? You didn ’ t mention to your biological father .
What about your step-brother ’ s mother ? Does he keep in touch with her ?
It's awfully quiet around here .
I have a feeling that we're not supposed to be in here .
Mike's going to have a self-driving traveling across the country .
You don't want to join him ?
Where are you going ?
What are you going to do there ?
What's he doing ?
Are you going to the movie theater with me tonight ?
Titanic is playing tonight . It's a blockbuster .
OK , let's meet at the movie theater entrance tonight . Don ’ t be late .
( After watching the movie . ) Are you crying ?
Tragic movie ? I think it's a love story .
Ah , you're just too emotional .
Many people play sports in China , don't they ?
I expect all Chinese can play table tennis .
Do you like playing table tennis ?
Are indoor sports popular ?
Really ? I like playing basketball , too .
I couldn't look at you , and say you aren't beautiful !
No , Miss Anna , you must let me say how lovely you are ! What's wrong with that ?
You know that everybody notices how beautiful you are , don't you ?
Both our countries are quite small . How would you describe the landscape in your country ?
Is it really completely flat ?
Yes , there are . They are not very big compared with the mountains in other countries .
That doesn ’ t sound too bad . Great for sunbathing ! The coast of my country changes even within a few kilometers . There are cliffs , then sandy beaches . Then rocks . There are lots of caves in the cliffs . There are also many small islands off the coast , but few people lives on them .
Do you speak only English in the class , or does your teacher explain everything to you in Spanish ?
I suppose she's right.Does she speak English very slowly ?
It must be interesting to study English .
Is English pronunciation easy or difficult ?
We have a class outing today .
Excuse me , Professor . I have to talk to you about why my homework didn't get done .
I had to watch a football game instead .
Yes , I think so .
I'll make it up next week .
OK , I can do that .
Will you be done doing my hair soon ?
How much time do you need ?
I think it looks gorgeous .
I honestly think it looks great .
How much is it for my hair ?
Thanks for doing such a good job .
Why do you look so gloomy ? What are you looking for ?
Did you finish typing yesterday ?
Don't worry about it . It must be somewhere in your room . Let's see where you put it . Have you searched your drawers and the desk ?
How about the shelf ?
Don't get upset over it . At least you have another week to go .
Cheer up ! What I meant was that you can find it sometime during a week . There is no need to write a new one . Oh , what's this ? Is this your dissertation ?
You ’ Ve put it among these journals .
how come you're still up ? Shouldn't you be asleep by now ?
as far as I know , insomnia is usually caused by stress . Are you stressed at all ?
you're a good student . I'm sure you can do well . What you need to do is to relax .
taking a yoga class or learning some relaxation techniques can help you cope with your stress .
you need to take some breaks throughout the day . Studying all day isn ’ t very usually effective .
besides , it ’ s not difficult to learn yoga . In fact , I can teach you a move that ’ s supposed to help you fall asleep ! You just have to sit down like this , bend over and breath in deeply .
Before we begin eating , I'd like to present everyone with a gift from Taiwan .
It's a Taiwanese puppet doll .
Yeah . They're usually this big .
All the parts work .
Can I still get tickets for tonight's performance ?
Aren't there any other seats ?
It seems to me that you fall for good-looking guys .
Why don't you date up a handsome guy and spend time together ?
You must have a lot in common and a barrel of fun .
Would you like some coffee , Tom ?
Here's some sugar .
Espresso is made with a machine that forces steam and boiling water through finely ground coffee . It's strong .
Cappuccino is one-third espresso and two-thirds a mixture of steamed milk and froth .
If you want something manly , stick with the espresso .
What do you think of the speech the man delivered just now ?
Another weekend is coming !
Yes.What will you do this weekend ?
Hello , Tom . How do you find the dinner of yesterday ?
It's nice of you to say so .
Don't mention it . You know , we ’ re old friends .
Yes . Why ?
Thank you for your letter .
Yes , I ’ m feeling very well these days .
And I was glad to receive your letter .
I will be back again next Wednesday .
When I was a little boy , I had a dream of becoming a lawyer .
Yes , I knew I would make it .
This is my uncle , Charles .
He's a captain .
How's your brother doing ?
I'm sorry to hear that . What's the matter ?
Are you a soccer fan ?
Which team is your favorite ?
What are you doing , awake ?
But it's almost midnight !
Really ? How do you know it was Santa ?
Hmm ... well I know that Santa won't come down the chimney with you hiding behind the tree , spying on him !
Really ! Let's go back upstairs and get back to bed . That way , we can let Santa do his job . Then when you wake up , it will be Christmas already !
Hey Eve , how are you ?
I ’ m ok . I ’ m so busy !
Yes . Don ’ t you ?
Which class are you working on right now ?
Are you in Mrs Green ’ s class ?
Yes . We must have the same exam tomorrow !
Sure . This library is too quiet though .
That sounds good .
Are you ready to go the concert ?
Actually , why don't we go there by bike ? We could get stuck in traffic if we travel by bus in rush hour .
Is your helmet comfortable ?
Maybe you should think about getting a round helmet ; they're better .
Is that your new bicycle ?
It's the newest 10 speed cycling mountain bike . These are really expensive !
I can fix those for you . Is there anything else wrong with it ?
That's easy . It's important to have the saddle high enough so that your legs can extend fully when you are on your bicycle .
Oh , God . It ’ s late . I ’ m afraid I have to leave .
That ’ s very kind of you . But if I don ’ t go now I ’ ll miss the last bus .
Thank you for your hospitality .
How about next time we meet at my place ? And I ’ ll treat you to Chinese food . I know how much you like it . We can order in and watch video too . Anything you like , I promise .
Well . I really do have to go .
I'm going for a walk , Yi-jun . I need some time to myself .
I just can't right now . Everyone will be talking about Taylor and ...
I need to come to grips with his death first . And I also need to prepare a eulogy in case I'm asked to speak tomorrow .
You're going to get into a lot of trouble if you do that .
I don't see anything wrong with what we're doing ! That's just the problem . In these kind of things , the trouble doesn't always appear at first .
Everything has gone as smooth as clockwork . Just like we planned ! That may be true , but if you were to do it , you would have trouble on the horizon . You always say that .
Write down your name here in ink .
this party rocks !
I'm with you on that . Check out that one over there . I think I'm in love !
oh , that's Janice . She's just new in town . You have a thing for blonds , eh ?
I bet . Why not go over and talk to her ? She's really nice .
come on ! Man up ! You'll never know until you try .
all right . But I think you ought to move soon .
I can see five other guys eying her up .
Do you watch a lot of TV ?
Not me . I have to have my TV and watch whatever comes on .
I am certain I am going to fail my English test .
Because it's impossible to improve listening level within a week .
Yes , I think my vocabulary and reading comprehension are not very bad .
Hello ! So you are leaving today .
It is my pleasure to see you off .
I hope so , too .
Did you see the way that Brian came to work yesterday ? Ever since he came back from that conference in Silicon Valley , he's been coming to work dressed in jeans and sweatshirts . It's like he's decided to make himself at home in his office . I don't know how long it'll take before the management talks to him about it .
Maybe so , but it seems kind of strange , which the rest of us in white shirts , dark suites , and ties .
What's that ?
I go to the fitness center every weekend .
To lose some weight .
Uh-oh . I'm in trouble .
I just remembered that I've got to give a speech in class today and I forgot to prepare for it .
I heard you received a prize for you book .
congratulations ! You must be very proud of your achievement .
what was the prize ?
that ’ s a great prize for a person who writes books ! Have you ever won a prize before ?
To be frank , I find philosophy rather boring .
How could you manage to pass the exam ?
What date is it today ?
Look at the girls in the street . They all have a bunch of flowers.Is it Valentine's Day ?
Did you have a fight with Jack ?
Come on , dear ! You forgot it , too .
Is that your phone ?
Wow ! Good timing .
Come on ! Three's a crowd !
I heard that your previous manager was very capable , he is a good manger .
What do you mean ?
And lots of " Dear Abby " sob stories ...
No wonder you're such a wacko ...
Nice . Hey , I like the layout of this page ...
How many cleaning ladies does your company hire ?
Most cleaning ladies are illiterate . But some of them do a very nice job .
I find that every employee here respects that manager very much .
What's your favorite book ?
Why do you like it best ?
Well . I like the Thom Birds best .
Sure . I like the writer's language , too .
Would you like to go to the bookshop with me ?
It ’ s a beautiful day here in New Zealand at the Men ’ s Volleyball world championship . My name is Rick Fields and I ’ m joined by the man with the plan , Bob Copeland .
The ref signals the start of the game and here we go . Ribero serves and China quickly receives the ball . Chen bumps it to the setter , and ... a very nice set by Chen !
It ’ s China ’ s service now . What a superb jump serve by Li , oh , and we have a let serve . The ball was coming in fast and almost made it over the net .
Hello , Grace . That's a beautiful skirt you have on . Where are you going ?
What kind of job are you applying for ?
Oh . That dress doesn't exactly match the job .
Yes , your skirt is really beautiful , but you are applying for a teaching position . You see , your skirt is very short , and your make up is too thick . What's more , the color of your lipstick doesn't match your skin . As a teacher , you should be a little more sedate .
I don't know how John can put up with his son , who fools around without working .
London is such a historical city ! There ’ s history everywhere you look . There ’ s nelson ’ s column , built as a monument to one of the Britain ’ s great admirals and his important victory . He won the battle of Trafalgar in 1805 .
Nearby , on the banks of the thames , there ’ s the statue of Boadicea . She fought the Romans when they invaded Britain .
She was a very controversial leader . Are we going to visit the famous tower of London later ?
I ’ m looking forward to seeing the famous castle and prison . Many historic figures were imprisoned there in the past . I really want to see the crown jewels too .
Where ’ s that ? Oh , I know ! Madame Tussaud ’ s the waxworks museum .
so , how should we go to the theatre ?
I hate the bus system in London ! The bus drivers are rude , the buses are never on time , and there are few people around who can help you .
it wasn't just once . Every single time I take the bus , something bad happens to me or to someone else on the bus .
train fares are twice as expensive as the bus fare , too .
we're already late , so I think we had better take a taxi .
fine . Have a look at the timetable to find out when the next one arrives .
don't worry . Nothing bad will happen . I'll even buy your ticket for you .
Mary , please go to the door . I hear the bell .
Give it to me ... How wonderful ! He's coming to visit us .
He's coming by car on the twenty-fourth . He's staying from thetwenty-fourth to the twenty-sixth .
No , he's coming with Aunt Cynthia and the girls .
Your cousin Fay is fifteen . Rosemary is older than Fay . She's seventeen .
Of course . The girls can stay in your room with you .
If you like , but now we have to think about meals and many other things .
What's your little caper ? Come home so late ! We are all worried about you .
Singing ? At the subway exit ? Oh , it sounds like someone needs some money .
It is just pop song , you could have sung there too if you want it .
Honey , just do it next time . Have you heard of the real art in the subway station in Russia ?
Many oil painting exhibitions are there . That is a kind of Museum Exhibition .
I am sure you will . There are some works , and some students who major in painting interpret the meaning for visitors . And people can enjoy the paintings while waiting for the train .
Both the pop music and the oil painting ate arts , but with different aesthetic values .
It's wonderful to be in the mountains after a hustle bustle week .
Can we stop here for a while ? My backpack is very heavy .
Let me see . It's not an eagle . I think it's a vulture .
I don't think so . Let's walk by the stream . I am sure we can find the waterfall on the map .
I also brought a bottle of water and some provisions . If you are hungry , you can let me know .
Well , it is a birch tree.It is not as old as you think .
Can we talk ?
You know what I mean .
I want to know where this relationship is going . I ’ m in love with you and I need to know ...
I ’ m awesome . Well , I guess that ’ s my answer , isn ’ t it .
Look , if you don ’ t love me , it ’ s not a thing , alright , we ’ Ve had our laughs , but I don ’ t appreciate ... maybe it ’ s just time we ...
You do ?
Oh , I love you too !
Would you like to come over for dinner tonight ?
When did you decide to become a vegetarian ?
That's great . Do you find that you eat a lot more fruit and vegetables now ?
You've really turned into a health nut , haven't you ?
How do you get enough protein in your diet ?
Well , don't worry about dinner . I'll only make vegetarian dishes for you . Do you like sushi ?
How about a spicy tofu and vegetable stir-fry ?
Dinner will be ready at about 7:30 pm , so you can come over at 7 p . m .
How old is Keith ?
He ’ s a year older than Keith , but he looks younger .
He ’ s fine . He retired last week . It ’ s turning going in his life . Now he can relax and enjoy his retirement .
Oh , I don ’ t think he wants to . He wants to travel to several different countries around the world .
How do you want to spend your old age ?
Is this seat taken ?
Thanks .
Yes , on a business trip . How about Yuu ?
Yes , I Went there once last summer .
I think it is amazing . You can enjoy both the traditional Chinese culture as well as the vitality of a modern cosmopolitan city . The only thing I didn't enjoy was the subway .
Yes.These were always so many people.After taking the subway during the rush hour , you'll envy sardines in their cans .
That's a good idea . Wish you a great vacation !
I love ice cream .
I like both strawberry and coffee ice cream .
Would you like to go skiing with me ? I heard the new ski area is great . They have safe tracks , especially for the beginners and provide free training . I think it suits you best .
Well , Then you can go to the three-day-long training camp first . There ’ re some professional teachers and they can guide you to do certain necessary exercise .
Do you like watching the Winter Olympic Games ?
Of course I do . I love it . All the games are exciting and the competitors are respectable .
Yeah . What's the difference between the Winter Olympics and the Summer Olympics ?
I see . Then , what's your favorite winter sport ?
Then you must know Shen Due and Hao Hongbo .
You should go to talk with May . She is a big fan of them too .
For me , the Olympics for the disabled always catches my heart . It makes me understand that perseverance makes the impossible possible .
It is difficult for old people to do away with old ideas .
Government is making efforts to change situation .
Does she make any sense to you ?
She's speaking French , not Greek .
Me neither . All I have to do is study French hard .
How are you going all these days ?
But you look depressed .
Is it serious ?
How about your family ?
So what do you feel like doing this evening ? How about going to the cinema ?
That's good ! I've also heard there will be a party held by the Students ' Union tomorrow evening . Would you like to go with me tomorrow night ?
Why ? Do you have to prepare for your examination ? Oh , come on , girl , relaxation is also very important .
Oh , God , I've forgotten it .
Oh , no , I don't want to know any more geeks like you .
Really ? Is there a foreign teacher for every class ?
So you just talk all the time ?
That sounds interesting . I'll go with you tomorrow evening .
You ’ re going to set up your own law office , aren ’ t you ?
If you need help , don ’ t hesitate to ask me .
I ’ d like to wish you every success in your new venture .
Wow , is that your sports car ?
I love it ! I used to always want to drive a green jaguar . Is it in good condition ?
What's wrong with it ?
When's the last time you had it serviced ?
I thought all cars needed regular servicing on a yearly basis .
What else is wrong with it ?
Anything else ?
Why don't you get it all fixed ?
Can you play baseball with me today ?
Where's the new house ? Is it far from here ?
Can I help you pack ?
I think I need a new notebook .
You bet there is . Feast your eyes on this puppy !
Believe it !
Dalian is a beautiful city . Do you agree ?
The climate here is pleasant .
This city is really comfortable to live in .
No other city can match it . It's heaven .
Maybe .
Ah , Michelle , hi . I was hoping to see you . How have you been ? How's the family ?
I'm fine thanks . I got your report this morning . Thank's for that . Are you joining the conference today ?
Good , well we can discuss this more then , but I think the figures are looking very good for this quarter .
Have you read all these crazy things that are going on around the world ?
I was reading about how some people get tricked or drugged in their hotel rooms and have their organs removed ! Then they are sold on the black market .
Well , I was also reading about how some popular songs have subliminal or even satanic messages if you play them backwards ! Can you believe that ?
Well maybe you are right , but how about the story of how KFC has rows of headless chickens which are super grown in order to get bigger chickens faster !
Hi Bob , this is my friend Mary .
Bob is in advertising .
Wow ! I can ’ t believe I ’ m standing here !
I ’ m standing in front of an exquisite work of art !
I ’ Ve seen it so many times in books , but I never imagined I ’ d get to see it in person .
Maybe so , but do you have any idea how much this one is worth ?
About 80 million dollars .
Lady , you look unhappy . What ’ s the beef ?
When were you Bron may I ask ?
Do you know what it was according to the lunar calendar ?
By the way , could you tell me when the film will begin ?
I am frigid I can't be there on time .
I don't want to miss it today .
Did you see the 2005 Grammy Awards on TV last night .
He seems to win awards everywhere .
I heard one observer even said ' It was a song sung in Spanish for international football , and he made it so popular that even the Americans loved it . '
Ben cancelled his trip .
Because General , his dog , got sick .
Hi Jane , you look great .
Yes , I took off 4 kilos . I am glad you notice it .
No no , I just changed my eating habits . I eat a balance meal . and I eat less than before .
It may comfort you to know that many people attended his viewing .
In times of loss , it is often hard to pick up the phone . But his whole family was here .
And he was so young , with so much life to look forward to .
OK . Steven , you're looking at a picture . Please describe what you see !
OK . Have you ever been on a double decker bus ?
Oh , really . Mm ! How much is the fare ?
Mm , yeah , who can you see on the bus ? Can you pick out anyone on the bus who looks interesting ?
Is that how you feel on the bus ?
So , so you're British , do you missing them ?
Is the view going to be ok ?
I ’ ll do my best .
I got a promotion . Lunch is on me .
You can keep these books for only half a month .
Bob , you look pale . What happened ?
Did you have something on your mind ? You look so concerned ! Maybe I can help you .
Is there anything I can do for you ?
Which team won ?
What was the score ?
You know ... I did very poorly on that test .
Well , you know how I am about exams . I'm a perfectionist .
What happened to Nancy ? She is all sweetness and light today .
No wonder ! Who is the bridegroom ?
I think Bill Clinton is a good president .
Well . Maybe he isn't a good husband , but he is a successful president .
Yes , he is . Of course he makes mistakes , but who doesn ’ t .
What good sunshine ! Let's go and get a suntan on the balcony .
It's different in my case . I work in the office , so only rarely do I get the chance to get any sun .
Would you like to stretch your legs ?
Let's get a soft drink .
Yes , we do .
It's a new concert hall and the acoustics are great .
Is this your first time to come to a symphony concert ?
Do you have concert halls in your city ?
Well , we'd better get back to our seats . It's about to start .
Wake up sleepyhead.The sun is beginning to shine . What a lovely summer day !
It's not that hot . It's cooler than yesterday . Let's go swimming !
Yeah , sounds like fun . I can wear my new pink bikini .
Who cares ! Well , the smart guys get there early . That's the kind of guy I want to meet . Let's go !
Ok , you could borrow one of mine .
It's a beautiful day , isn't it ?
Do you now the temperature today ?
How nice . I hope the weather will stay like this for the whole week . I'm going on the canoe trip this weekend .
What a nuisance ! Every time I plan to go canoeing or camping , a storm comes along . The sky gets dark , the wind starts to howl and the temperature drops.Well , I'd better stay home .
are you ready to go the concert ?
actually , why don't we go there by bike ? We could get stuck in traffic if we travel by bus in such hour .
is your helmet comfortable ?
maybe you should think about getting a round helmet ; they're better .
is that your new bicycle ?
it's the newest 10 speed cycling mountain bike . These are really expensive !
I can fix those for you . Is there anything else wrong with it ?
that's easy . It's important to have the saddle high enough so that your legs can extend fully when you are on your bicycle .
Next please ! Hello sir , may I see your passport please ?
Will you be checking any bags today .
I ’ m sorry , sir . Airline policy allows only two pieces of checked luggage , at twenty kilograms each , plus one piece of carry-on luggage . I will have to charge you extra for the additional suitcase .
I am sorry , sir , there ’ s nothing I can do . You cannot board the flight with that large bag either.Carry - on bags must fit in the over-head compartment or under your seat . That bag is clearly too big .
Let ’ s see ... six hundred and twenty-five US dollars .
Do you feel like going to see a movie tonight ?
How does 7:30 sound ?
How are you ?
I haven ’ t seen you for several days .
What ’ s he doing ?
He must be happy .
So what kind of music turns you on ?
You mean the kind of stuff like Nirvana ?
Dick , I ’ Ve decided not to rent that house .
I ’ Ve changed my mind .
Well , I think maybe I should find a house that is closer to where I work .
Hi ! How are you going ?
Not bad.How about you ? Haven't seen you for a long time .
Did you enjoy yourself ?
Thanks , I like looking at photographs.How nice ! Oh , I'm afraid I must be going now . I've got an appointment . Have a good day .
You ready ?
Are you ready to transfer to a new school tomorrow ?
You ’ re not nervous , are you ?
Why are you nervous ?
That ’ s not a problem .
It ’ s fun meeting new people .
Did you see Victor on Wednesday , Wendy ?
Wasn ’ t it cold on Wednesday ?
It ’ s so nice and quiet in the woods .
It sounds wonderful . Did you take lunch with you ?
Wow ! That ’ s a pretty dress , but it ’ s too expensive .
It ’ s because of good quality and the fine design .
How is your business going ?
Really ? Maybe I should work for you .
Hey , what's the matter ?
Are you sure that this has nothing to do with sleep ?
I've been told that you are a very successful businessman abroad . I wonder how you managed to achieve such success ?
I suppose that in a foreign country it was difficult at first , wasn't it ?
You mean you didn ’ t know much English then ?
That's incredible . Could you tell me what you did to make a start ?
Really ? I wish you could tell me more about your experience .
What's the news on our website ? How effective do you think it is from a marketing standpoint ?
What kinds of hits are we getting on our company's website ?
You really think that many people turn to the internet to find product information.What about the old standbys of word mouth and print media ?
What do you know about Julia Roberts ?
I mean her personality .
I've never seen a machine like this before and need some help .
I want to buy a drink .
I've got the correct change already .
OK , what next ?
OK , next ?
I agree with you .
Honey , wait ! I've sprained my ankle .
Of course not !
The pain is killing me .
I thought leather shoes will do just as well .
What are you going to do ?
God ! It's freezing !
So Chris , I've heard that you're from a big family . How many people ?
Seven children ? That's a lot . Why did your parents have so many ?
Jeez , seven children . That must have a lot of problems . We have four children in my family and my grandparents can never get our names right .
Like what ? I assume that there's no privacy .
And the age gap is also annoying . There's a ten-year difference between my younger brother and me . We have nothing in common .
Well , at least going to college won't be too bad . Since both of your parents are college professors , they must give you reduced tuition at the college .
That was a nice funeral .
The son gave a nice speech about his father .
I think it was about 45 minutes long .
I liked it .
Do you think anyone will come to my funeral ?
I think only the family will be there .
Hello ?
Nothing . Just watching TV .
Sure . What time ?
Sounds good . Where and when will we meet ?
How do you think TaiWan's economy is doing ?
Do you know why that is ?
Does your child still believe in Santa Claus ?
How sweet .
When are you going to tell her that Santa Claus doesn't exist ?
I am kind of nervous .
I don't know . I never went to a church before . I was not raised as a Christian , so I don't know what to do .
Maybe . I know I agreed to go with you , but now I don't feel right about it .
Really ?
Alright . But will we sing ?
I don't know the words .
And will I go up to the front to have the bread and wine ?
Eu-char-ist ? What is that ?
It doesn't sound like an English word .
Alright . Well , I feel more comfortable now.Now I understand I am welcome as a visitor .
Hey Jack . How were your classes this semester ?
Would you consider it your favorite class ?
What class was your favorite then ?
What are you reading ?
It seems that English already is the main global language . Does the article suggest that there should be an artificial language like Esperanto as the world language .
Does the article say anything about other language ? How will they survive in an English-speaking world ?
Right . All the people who speak Chinese . Hindi , French and Spanish aren ’ t suddenly going to stop using those languages .
Are you have a hand in locking into the case ?
How do you feel about it ?
Ahh ... What a fine day ! I do feel like an outdoor exercise .
OK.It ' s delightful to have a walk in the park with the air so fresh .
Don't you see many people over there ? Just on your left .
Another glass of beer , will you ?
At least one for your trip .
Have you seen that house ?
You're right . I love it very much .
At least more than 100 years old .
I can't open the door .
Let me ask the old woman in that reception office .
She must be deaf .
Good morning . Phyllis Seymour speaking .
Thank you very much , Mr . Parker . But , that is my job .
It's raining outside , Catherine , it's too bad.What ' s the weather like in your hometown ?
Do you like the weather in Seattle ?
Why ?
What about the weather in Boston ?
Is it very cold in winter ?
Wei , you look really tired .
9:00 !
Why ’ s that ?
I've heard you're going to America tomorrow . I want to see you off at the airport .
What time are you leaving ?
What airline and what flight ?
I'll see you at the airport at 12:30 P . m .
He was hauled up last week for the second time .
Of course , he is a man with a history .
Hello . Can I sit here ?
By the way , I'm Robin .
Nice to meet you .
I'm from Kathmandu . What about you ?
Well , I've never downloaded music before . How does it work ?
Alright . But why is downloading music better than buying Cds at the store ?
Hi ! How are you doing ?
Pretty good . Say , where are you living this semester ?
Oh , I am looking for an apartment . I prefer living off campus . I can study better .
Okay , see you around .
I think modern painting means nothing .
Then why are so many crazy about it
I heard you are going to move .
What are you worried about ?
You can call a mover .
Around 200 RIB for a truck .
But think about it , you just need to pack your stuff and leave everything for the movers , how much trouble you will save .
I know a mover which has a very good reputation for their service . I ’ ll leave you their phone number .
It ’ s 8357688 8 .
I saw your car outside , so I stooped by .
I just meant that she's got different taste .
She's pretty conservative .
Yes .
How have you been ?
And how's everyone in your family ?
That girl looks very attractive , doesn ’ t she ?
I ’ d like to , but there ’ s her boyfriend . He ’ s very broad-shouldered .
Do you prefer tall girls or short ones ?
We have different tastes . I like girls with short hair . I like tall girls - probably because I ’ m so tall myself .
No , never . I don ’ t think I ’ Ve ever met a girl taller than me ! Have you gained weight recently ?
Good morning , Linda . How have you been ?
I ’ m sorry to hear that . Is there anything else I can do ?
Well , I hope you ’ ll feel better soon .
Do you have a copy of our service contract with Telecoms ? I'm not happy with their response time and I'd like to check the terms and conditions of the contract .
Um , which of them is the better typist ?
Is there any difference in their short hand ?
How about languages ?
Today is your birthday . First of all , happy birthday to you !
Excuse me . Is anyone sitting here ?
You don ’ t mind if I smoke , do you ?
Oh , I ’ m sorry . But this isn ’ t a no-smoker , isn ’ t it ? I mean would you mind if I smoke here ?
Sign ? What ’ s sign ?
Oh , sorry . I didn ’ t notice it . Sorry .
I don't know whether or not to believe him .
But it's really too important to me .
I feel pity for the old man .
It must be dreadful to grow old .
Excuse me , sir . Could you spare a minute ?
Do you go to work by train every day .
And would you mind telling us what you think of the rail service ?
Why do you say that ?
Which train do you catch in the evening ?
And can you get a seat ?
Would you agree that the service is fast ?
So , how'd everyone do ?
Your vintage clock ? ! I just paid sixty-five dollars for it .
It must be my special touch . I think bargaining is in my blood !
You are studying here , aren ’ t you ?
Do you like this campus ?
How come ?
Oh . It ’ s awful , but it can ’ t be helped .
Would you mind if I smoked ?
How do you feel about the TV series ?
Yes , I agree , but still a lot of people watch it .
I've brought some potato chips . Would you like some , Jack ?
That'll be fine . Thanks .
Harry is a hen-pecked husband .
Then why does he let himself be lead by the nose ?
Have you ever found yourself in a situation when you have to lie to people who trust you ?
Yes . Is it wrong to lie to them even if it is for their good ?
But sometimes it is so hard to tell the truth .
Hi , Julie . I was in your neighborhood and I'd like to drop by .
May , is the university a terrible place ?
Because you study day in and day out for the entrance exam . So I figure you would study even harder after you ’ Ve got in .
How do you know that ? You haven't got in yet .
Oh , really ? Were you not caught ?
What do you want to study in the university ? Have you thought about it ?
I will choose what I like . You don't know what a torture it is for me to study English , because I don't like English .
You can decide later . You will have choices before you submit your university application form .
Who is your favorite NBA star ?
Kobe ? I know him , the key guy of the Lakers , a heck of a NBA player . He is on fire when he breaks through enemy defense .
Maybe he is not good at rebounding ?
Kobe came to Beijing during this summer's Olympics . Did you go to the match between China and USA ?
Well then , what are your spoils ?
May I help you ?
Is there a problem ?
You should look it up on our computer .
What came up ?
I can try to get the book from a different library .
I will call you when I find it .
What happened ?
I hear little Bob has recovered .
The operation was very successful .
Are you in favor of having a trip during the spring break ?
How about the Yellow Mountains ?
Did you go to the movie yesterday ?
What did you think of it ?
I think it is the worst one I have ever seen .
I can't think the same .
Thanks for offering to give me a lift . I ’ m looking forward to this party , but I didn ’ t want to go alone .
No , this is my first.Last week I went to a cookout for new professors at Dean Barksdale ’ s home . I took a taxi because I didn ’ t want to be late.But I was the first one
Thanks for telling me this .
Why are you in such a hurry ? They said , Dinner at eight , and it ’ s only seven-fifteen . I don ’ t want to be the first one there again .
How did you do in the last quiz ?
Don't be so worried , You know Professor Robert is not too strict .
I hope you'll do better in the final .
I am so bored all day .
Jack borrowed a large sum of money from me and didn ’ t pay me back .
Mike has changed much after marriage .
Say , Anna , what are you doing tonight ? Would you like to go out ?
Well , how about tomorrow night ? Are you doing anything then ?
I'm going to see a musical . Would you like to come ?
Sorry , I overslept . My alarm clock didn't go off this morning .
That's right , even though I did set the alarm last night .
Well . If it breaks down again tomorrow , I'll definitely buy a new one .
What do you mean too late ?
Do you often go to watch sports games ?
Can you recall the games ?
How do you like your work ?
What do you do ?
Mine isn't hard , but it's not interesting .
May I help you ?
Why don ’ t you try looking at the database ?
Do we have it available ?
I guess it is lost .
Yes , we will .
I can do that .
Can you help me figure out how to use this vending machine ?
I want to buy that candy .
Yeah , so far , so good .
Yeah , I already knew that .
OK , let's move on !
I hope it works !
What was your wedding ceremony like , Abigail ?
Three parties ? That's quite a lot . That must have been expensive !
Were your parents upset that they weren't there to see you get married ?
Did your husband's family get to meet your family ?
That makes sense . Did you go on a honeymoon ?
You really didn't have a very traditional wedding , did you ?
Did you read this ? It says that the number one new years resolution make is to spend more time with friends and family .
Well , think about it . We are a society that is always on the go , not because we have to , but because we want to .
We work hard and spend less time at home because we are trying to provide for our family with goods and services that are usually unnecessary .
What ’ s the point ? We always make a new year ’ s resolution and by February we will have forgotten about it . It ’ s pointless .
What about you ? Your gym bag is gathering dust and you still have brand new running shoes that are yet to be jogged in .
How did your vacation go ?
What about the trip ? Do you enjoy yourself ?
Did your boat float down the river ?
Sounds dangerous .
What do you think of his behaviour yesterday ?
They promised us a sea view .
Isn't it awful ? I can't bear to look at it . I don't think I can stand this place for two weeks .
Hello , Mike , long time no see . How's everything going ?
He caught a cold yesterday , but he feels much better now .
Hello ! How are you .
What have you got ? A cough ? A cold ?
Perhaps you ’ Ve been working too hard . You do have a high-pressure job .
Well . I ’ m sure the doctor will be able to prescribe something to make you well again . Dr . Jameson is very good .
If you go out recently you will find some people riding scooters in high streets and back lanes .
Looking at the ' five sense organs ' of a scooter , it can be said as delicate and agile . To pull the T-shaped pole and make it vertical with the flat board and then pull it vertically , adjust its height suitable to you and you may use it .
Hi , dear , do you know what the important day is today ?
Please think it over .
Come on , dear . I know you mustn ’ t forget it .
Ur , you really let me down .
No , you haven ’ t . You just don ’ t care about me . You ’ re an indifferent husband .
Hi , dear , do you know what the important day is today ?
Please think it over .
Come on , dear . I know you mustn ’ t forget it .
Ur , you really let me down .
No , you haven ’ t . You just don ’ t care about me . You ’ re an indifferent husband .
Let ’ s call it a day .
It ’ s hard to commute a long way .
How was your trip to America ?
Did you go to the Magic Kingdom ?
How do you like these dishes ?
Did you enjoy your dinner ?
Would you like some more rice ?
Another piece of meat pie ?
How about the dessert ?
What was the movie you saw last night ?
Really ? I've seen that movie , too .
I thought it was pretty good .
You're kidding . The storyline and acting were outstanding .
Tom , aren ’ t you a little too old to be trick-or - treating ?
Of course , I did , but when I was ten ! Trick - or-treating is for kids , plus , I ’ m sure people will think you ’ re a kidnapper or something , running around with kids NCP at night .
I hear Yolanda has been studying every night this week for the exam .
Hello . I'm Jason .
Nice to meet you , Dolma .
When and where were you born ?
You look so young .
How about the hiking ? It was freezing yesterday , are you all ok ?
You had been walking for 6 hours , isn ’ t that boring ?
Do you believe in horoscope fortune-telling ?
That sounds interesting . Have you been involved in any mystery ?
What did it say about you then ?
But it must have been only a coincidence . That's the only way superstition wins over science .
Don't have some relation with him . You know , he is not a kind man .
If you attack him , be sure you ’ ll get a Roland for an Oliver .
It's nice and bright today , isn't it ?
How about winter ?
It's boring , right ?
Do you get much rain during the summer ?
So you should bring an umbrella often .
You don ’ t look like enjoying this workout .
You don ’ t like this sort of exercise ?
Yes , that ’ s funny . I thought you liked it .
Never mind . It ’ ll be over in 10 minutes .
Hi , Jenny . Are you going to school now ?
Got any plans after the class ?
We will have our midterm exams next month . I plan to look for some important books and study at the library . Do you want to join me ?
Great . We can go to the swimming pool in the gymnasium after that .
Well , that's a good question . I haven't swum for almost two years . I think I need more practice .
Linda , would you care for some candies or cookies ?
You are not really chubby . You are actually thin enough .
So you are watching your weight , aren't you ?
Did you listen to the weather forecast ?
There's a typhoon coming .
... I knew it . I always knew you were a lesbian !
Haha . Still got that great sense of humor , I see . Here's my card . I sell used cars . A car from us is a car you can trust !
Sweet little lassie . Yep , broke her heart when the D-man told her he couldn't be a one-woman guy .
Which team do you think will emerge with the last laugh in this World Cup ?
No , they aren't . They had a hard time in the group stage and only sealed a sit in the eighth-finals with Wallack ' s header in the final three minutes . Just think , group A consists of Austria , China , and Saudi Arabia , all of which are minnows .
Well , at least the Germans have demonstrated a very good ability to control the midfield . They recorded a total of 62 tackles in the match against Austria . And they to be endowed with perfect positional sense . I think that will give rise to scoring chances sooner or later .
That's why I still have very high hopes for the team . Now that the tournament has proceeded into the knock-out stage , the Germans will probably make it through to the finals .
The woman was beaten again . Why didn ’ t she call the police .
It is incredible .
Are you feeling better today , Bill ?
You'd better give up smoking . It's bad for your health .
But you should make up your mind first .
Why don't you go to bed and get up early ? You'll have the same time for work .
I don't know why people are just mad about David Peckham . Is there really anything so fascinating with him ?
you mean he plays well ? Yeah , he often scores by free kicks in crucial games . But a football match is by no means merely a show of taking free kicks .
In the case , maybe facial charm should be his leading card . After all , the majority of his fans are girls .
What are you reading ? You've had your nose buried in that book since last night .
I haven't read a book like that for as long as I can remember .
Can I read it when you're finished ?
Don't tell me anything about it . I want to read it for myself .
Did you have a part-time job when you were still in school ?
Yeah . I worked about 20 hours a week in a pizza restaurant .
It was always very busy there .
I stood behind the register and took pizza orders .
May I introduce myself ? I am steven smith .
Don ’ t be worried . Please sit down and take it easy .
But you should avoid finger-pointing when you haven ’ t got the real facts .
That looks like an interesting book .
There are the pyramids . It ’ s easy to see how they got that name ! they don ’ t have smooth sides though .
Look at that cylindrical office building . I ’ Ve never been seen one that shape before .
TV towers are usually thicker at the bottom than at the top . They ’ re not perfectly cylindrical .
What sports do they play there ?
Is that building a perfect cube ?
Hey Bobby . What's going on ?
I forgot my cigarette today . Do you have another one ?
Thanks .
Really ? I've been smoking for over a year now .
You ever tried to quit ?
Yeah . I tried to quit last month , and I thought it was going to be easy , but it turns out that I'm still smoking .
I think you're right . Aright . Gotta go to class . Thanks for the cigarette . I'll talk to you later .
Do you know who ’ s just got married ? Old Mc Donald .
He ’ s nearly 90 .
I am . Whatsmore , his wife is 84 .
Yes , she is . And guess what , he is her sixth husband .
What did you do last night ?
Did you watch the Barcelona versus Madrid game ?
What were the results of the game ?
What was the actual score ?
Really ? I thought Barcelona was going to win . They are a much better team than Madrid .
What happened ?
That explains it .
That was the last game before the playoffs .
In a few weeks . Are you planning on watching them ?
Me , too ! Do you want to come over and watch the next game at my place ? I'm planning on having a few people over to watch it together .
The acting of this film is marvelous.In spite of the thin plot , the acting , the music and the scene have won the Academy Award of this year .
Last weekend I didn't want to go out either , so I stayed at home and played video games by myself . It was really fun !
Yeah , I'm really into video games . In fact , all my friends are on the Internet . I've never met any of them in the real world .
Hello , Pam .
It looks like there are a lot of people inside .
Should I take my shoes off ?
Where are your parents ?
Will you go with us this Sunday ?
Let's go and play volleyball .
I think it's about time that we had to go .
I'd love to , but I have to get up early tomorrow and get to the office on time .
Thank you for a very enjoyable evening and your hospitality .
Wow , Is winter always this cold in Taiwan ?
No , I am from south California . This is my first real winter .
What's the temperature today anyway ?
When is your birthday ?
Do you usually have a birthday party ?
What would you do at the party ?
Do you know when people began to sing the song " Happy Birthday " ?
Let me tell you the story.In 1892 , Patty Smith Hill and Mildred Hill wrote a song called " Good Morning to you " . But later someone added the words " Happy Birthday " to their tune .
What do you think of your teacher ?
And I hear he gives very good lectures .
I ’ Ve got a new boss .
Well , he ’ s got dark hair and brown eyes .
And a white sports car .
I'm very grateful for what you have done to my son , doctor .
I know he has brought great trouble to you . A million thanks .
Would you like to have dinner with me tonight ?
I ’ ll pick you up at ... say , seven thirty ?
See you tonight then .
Excuse me , could you tell me where you have got that music book ?
It's too high . I can't reach it . Could you help me ?
Thank you so much . I can't take this .
What did she mean just now about raising pigs ?
Ha-ha . I get it . That's funny . Your cousin's a real sarcastic lady .
I ’ m hungry , let ’ s grab a bite to eat .
Nah ! Let ’ s go get a burger and fries .
What are you talking about ? I have salads some times .
Fine ! I ’ ll start drinking and having home cooked meals that are low in fat . Are you happy now ?
I hear you and James are engaged at last .
When are you getting married ?
Oh , lovely . Where's the wedding going to be ?
Oh , yes , your parents live there , don't they ?
Where are you going to live after you're married ?
Are you going to give up your job ?
Daddy , I want to buy a ten-speed-sportsman .
No , I'm not asking for money . I'm asking for your advice .
I feel pity for the old man .
It must be dreadful to grow old .
What a nice photo you ’ Ve taken !
You have a real talent , Ellen !
I don ’ t dare to look after the children now .
The children always make themselves in danger . I always have my heart in my mouth with them .
Is there anything I can do for you ?
Well , I think you should go for our manger . I will call him here .
Why did Tom quit the job ?
I want to buy a gift for my father . Will you go with me to choose one for him ?
Don't you know ? Tomorrow is Father's Day .
You also need to choose a gift for your father , right ?
Jane is going to quit her job in the bank .
How long have you been in China ?
How do you think of living here ?
Let's go see pandas ! The news said that two pandas arrived at the zoo last week .
How can we get there ?
OK ! Let's go .
Yes , you can find hundreds of various animals here . It is the biggest zoo in Taiwan .
Where can find the pandas ? I think we are here to see the pandas .
Finding an excuse is obviously down your alley . And trying to avoid taking care of the children is what you are good at .
You are passing the buck . I'll be hanged if I ask you to go to the park with us .
Thank you for showing me your offices , Mr . Becker . I can see why Washington bureaucrats enjoy their jobs .
The city is beautiful , the off ... , the offices are modern and comfortable , and the work is so interesting .
Do you mean financially rewarding ?
I've always thought that most bureaucrats are lazy .
How much do you make ?
I just got fired .
Hello ?
Not yet . And I ’ m really hungry now .
Why not ?
Would you like to see our new shirts ?
But they ’ re very nice , you know .
And not expensive either .
Everybody is buying them .
Yes , they ’ re very fashionable , you see .
I see .
Hi . What's up ?
Not too much . I've been pretty busy .
Gotta go . Call me tonight .
Hey , what sort of drinks do you want ? Gatorade or water ?
Yes , that ’ s the exact thing we need . One for each .
We should choose from the backups .
That ’ s why we should learn to protect ourselves . Otherwise , the game is not worth the candle .
Yes , I played shooting guard , I like shooting and you ’ ll play inside , OK ?
Wow , the cheer-section is coming . The music is so fantastic .
Well , you should ask your friend . You know I ’ m not the boss . Just kidding .
Yeah , what ’ s up ?
Welcome to my birthday party , I am so happy you can come .
Thank you , shall I open it now ?
Wow , a remote car model and my favorite brand . I really like it . That is so nice of you .
Hi , Mark ! Long time no see !
Where have you been ?
How was your flight ?
That ’ s too bad . How long was the flight ?
Did you have a layover ?
Did you buy anything in the duty-free stores ?
Oh , you didn ’ t have to ...
I wish our competition will quit poaching our people , when Susan resigned last week to work for the Sunburst , she was our fourth employee to leave us for them .
Well , those do leave will soon find out the grass isn't as green on the other side of sense as they thought it was , I know Sunburst is suffering from inbreeding .
With Susan leaving , we should probably look to someone new on board .
Do you have a bf ?
Why you say bf before ?
Have you got a new one ?
I am single , I have no real of , only an E-gf , that is you .
I like you . Do you agree to be my of ?
Wow ! Blablablabla . . .
I am flying like a bird .
I am so happy . I want to drink a cup of champagne .
It's OK , so I send you this .
It's my heart ; it's made of what you like .
Are you sleepy ?
Yes , I do not want to see ur sleeping in the office .
Hello , Kevin .
What's the weather forecast for today ?
Any rain ?
Which do you like better , orange or lemon ?
Why ?
You hurt Ben's feelings .
have you ever seen Bill Gate's home on the internet ?
it's got its own library , theatre , swimming pool , and a guest house . The house itself has about ten different rooms that are all hooked up to computers so you can get things done in each room through
I think his house is fantastic , but I wouldn't want to live there . You would have to hire one or two people to clean all the rooms in the house , plus a few people to take care of the gardens , and pro
my dream home is actually just a small cottage in a quite village in England .
old homes are great because they've got character . I think that's important .
no , that's just because I don't have enough money to buy new cloths all the time !
When I quarrel with my husband . He didn't even try to cool me out .
You're just left school , haven't you , Emily ?
You sound relieved .
Well , what are you going to do now ? Have you made any plans ?
You mean getting into university actually depends on your passing your A level subjects ?
That was a great dinner . I didn't know that you knew how yo cook .
I don't know . I'm pretty full . What are we having ?
Ooh , that's my favorite . Maybe I'll have a small slice .
I'll have a cup of tea .
Actually , could I have some milk with that ?
Skim , please . That'd be very nice . Thanks ... oh no . Janna , I'm so sorry , but I've got to go .
I just got a message from my sister saying that she's been in a car accident . I need to go pick her up .
She's on the M40 , near Reading .
I don't know , she didn't say . I'm so sorry about this .
Actually , I've only got a two-seater . I'll have to go on my own .
You look upset , is there anything wrong ?
What is it ?
Oh , that's too bad ! I am sorry to hear that !
Diana , do you like the perfume I gave you ?
I ’ m sorry . I didn ’ t know that .
Are there any interesting stories in the newspaper today ?
Was it caused accidentally or naturally ? Sometimes it gets so hot that fires begin naturally in Australia and Africa .
What is the international community doing to help ?
How many countries have been affected ?
I saw on the tv yesterday that there has been another earthquake in Iran .
Does the newspaper say anything about casualties ?
Where are you going for your trip ?
But I heard the north of China are experiencing severe sandstorms !
Yes , it's said that Hebes was experiencing six degree strong winds .
The report said the number of people with respiratory tract infections tended to rise after sandstorms . The sand gets into people's noses and throats and creates irritation .
hi , how are you doing ?
same here . Have you seen any new films recently ?
oh , really ? I saw it two years ago . It's worth seeing and it's thought-provoking .
it reflects some of our difficulties in this ever-changing world .
well , it's said that a lot of young people favor getting married quickly which tend end quickly too .
oh , that's too short-lived .
I can't agree more . The only-child generation in China tends to know little about marriage .
in their mind , love is nothing but passion and marriage is over once the passion is gone .
We should keep Frank at arm's length .
He hits below the belt .
Did you read the letter in the paper about smoking ? The person who wrote that must be crazy .
Maybe so . But a law banning cigarettes would do no good .
So Beth , what kind of music do you listen to ?
I mostly listen to pop music , but I like a lot of different stuff .
Tomorrow's Carl's birthday ?
I know I'm a blabbermouth , but what do you think she should do , John ?
I know ! But it's really important to her ! Her whole life could be ruined by this man !
Are you serious , John ?
Don ’ t you think it would be an idea to name the ship Dolphin ?
So you ’ Ve got something on your mind , I guess .
Have you decided what you are going to take next semester ?
Good . I think it's a good idea . Our department should require meetings like this .
Yes , that happens .
Alright . Good . I see you've already taken six credits of your breadth requirements.You have one botany class and one chemistry class . And political science.So that's nine credits . Did you take English Composition 201 ?
Excellent . I see you have the 18th century poetry class for next semester.And the modern novel class . You haven't taken a Shakespeare class yet .
Actually , I recommend you take Shakespeare sooner rather than later .
Let me look at the timetable.Shakespeare meets Monday , Wednesday and Friday at 11
Good . I recommend it . Shakespeare is of course enormously important.We want our students to take the class as soon as they can.And Professor Friedman is an excellent teacher .
Tell me , Lisa , what made you decide to be an English major ?
Really ? That's great to know .
hey , Lucas , how was your trip to Paris ?
did you go to the top of the Eiffel Tower ?
what else did you see ?
you must have had a great time .
yes , you need to be careful with what you eat when you're abroad . Sometimes new food might disagree with you .
that is great . Everyone says French food is wonderful .
Excuse me .
I ordered my dish about a half an hour ago , but it hasn't arrived yet .
Thank you .
How do you like this waltz ?
Well , then , may I invite you for the first dance ?
Me ? Oh , no . In fact , I took up dancing quite recently .
I'm glad you say so , you dance beautifully too . It's lucky that I got a partner .
Yes . And what dances do you do best ?
Oh , well , the music has stopped . Thank you for the dance .
What's the Mountaineering Club doing this weekend ?
How hard is the climb ?
What did you do last week ?
Wow . That sounds like a lot of fun . I am sorry I missed it .
Yeah , I will . See you then !
How many people are there in your family ?
What did you say ? How many ?
Wow . That is a very big family . Do you all live together ?
But you don't live at home anymore .
My goodness ! Your family must live in a huge house .
Wow ! you grew up in a school ! No wonder your English is excellent !
You are so lucky !
That's what i did in America . I was reading all the time . I was never a big TV watcher . TV wastes time .
800 books ? I'm impressed !
... Now that we have been over the gory details of our disastrous first quarter , Ed ! Give us some good news . How are things looking for us in terms sales this month ?
What ? Ed , don ’ t tell me you only have bad news !
For crying out loud ... How fast are we losing money ?
What ! Geez ! How could this have happened ? So what ’ s the bad news ?
Are you joking ? Get the supplier on the line now ! They have to assume the costs of this mess !
We ’ re doomed !
Really ? What !
So Vicky , how long have you held your present position ?
And how do you like working for IBM ?
What ’ s strength do you bring to the job ?
I'm exhausted . My new exercise class is so hard ,
You thing so ?
Tomorrow morning . Try it .
Are you going to this class this morning ?
You're no able to move after this class .
You want to bet ?
Johnny , you did badly on the test . I think you haven't been studying enough . Am I right ?
Professor , where's Canada ?
Can you show me on the map ?
Oh , I see . Where's Mexico ?
How about Connecticut ? Where's that ?
What state is west of Pennsylvania ?
OK , Where's Los Angeles ?
Where's Boston .
Where is Las Vegas ?
What kind of books do you like ?
Really ? Me too .
I prefer the novels by Hemingway , such as The Old Man and the Sea . I like the simple words in his novels .
Doesn't she have any friends ?
Such friends are even worse than enemies .
Is that true ?
Wow . She looks good for having had that many kids . She's pregnant and wearing Prada !
She's glowing . It must be the pregnancy .
Hi , Jenny . Are still working ?
So , you are leaving , aren't you ?
How nice ! I can see you are busying packing . I'm sorry to interrupt you .
Yes , could you please go over this for me ? And see if there is any mistake in it ?
Excuse me for taking your time .
Why do you look so gloomy ? What are you looking for ?
Did you finish typing it yesterday ?
Don't worry about it . It must be somewhere in your room . Let's see where you put it . Have you searched your drawers and the desk ?
How about the shelf ?
Don't get upset over it . At least you have another week to go .
Cheer up ! What I meant was that you can find it sometime during a week . There is no need to write a new one . Oh , what's this ? Is this your dissertation ?
You ’ Ve put it among these journals .
Crazy ! He locked himself in the room .
But you can see the key in his hand through the window !
Where's Bill ? The ambassador is already here . The meeting is set to start at 9 am .
Even though the traffic is bumper-to-bumper out there , I don't think it's heavy traffic that makes Bill late . He takes the train , remember ?
Well , to be fare , since he's coming all the way from Lancaster , he's got to get up much earlier than the rest of us . He must get start on his commute about six thirty , no telling what time he actually gets up .
Why doesn't he just drive to work ?
What can I do ?
Well , the books are in the box . What can I do now ?
All right .
These magazines are interesting . May I borrow one ?
This is great , isn't it ?
We should do this more often .
What do you think of his behaviour yesterday ?
Have we sold out all the newspapers for today ?
Why are so many extra gifts left here ?
How about giving them to that old man ?
By the way , do you think it's a good idea to give free gifts to attract customers ?
I think it should be more useful to hand out some fliers which is also cheaper .
That's true .
I'm afraid of the darkness .
What's your number ?
Five .
You think it's funny . I'm terrified .
But I've never jumped off anything in my life . The highest thing I've jumped off is my bed . I'm scared .
I guess I'm adventuresome , but then I'm scared too .
I think modern painting means nothing .
Then why are so many guys so crazy about it ?
Hi ! Dick . Where are you going ? You're in such a hurry .
What are you going to play ?
Yesterday I had a deal with a vice manager . He acts like the point man .
Wow , the view from the peak is so grand !
Did you ever see this kind of beautiful scene ?
But my father did not . He didn't have much time .
Really ? It's a deal . Have you ever been there ?
It really gets me interested . Is it higher than Kiang Shan ?
Can I see the rainbow ?
Tom has grown six inches within a year .
Yeah , do you see his Adam's apple ? It becomes bigger .
For our lunch meeting with the investors , do we have to make a reservation at the restaurant or do we just show up ?
I've arranged to meet them at the restaurant at twelve . Can you make the reservation a little earlier ? If we start earlier , it will give us more time for a longer lunch .
Yes , we'll start with appetizers , follow with a soup and salad course , then main dishes of prime rib or cordon bleu chicken , and finish up with a delicious rich dessert of some sort .
As along as we stay away from anything alcoholic , we should be okay .
Too much , Harry . Don't blame her anymore .
I know . But there's no point in making her feel worse , isn't there ?
Hi Jane , can you let me know the best way to get to your house this evening ?
I need to be in the city centre this afternoon so I will be coming straight from there .
Got that .
Hold on , I am looking at the map now . Ok , I can see Horntown Road . Do I go straight at the intersection ?
Ok , I can see that road .
Good , I can see the library on the map .
Guess what came in the mail today ?
My acceptance letter to Yale !
Freshman orientation is the last week of august , but I want to go two weeks before that to get settled in .
Yes . I ’ ll be very busy ! I have to get a visa , buy a plane ticket , and pack my things . But first , I want to register for classes .
Well , they sent me their prospectus , so I can start looking now . do you want to help me decide which classed to take ?
Well , I have to take all the fundamental course , plus a few from my major .
I hope to major in English literature , but the admissions counselor told me that many people change their major many times in their first year , so we ’ ll see .
In order to graduate , every student must take a certain amount of classes in history , math , English , philosophy , science and art .
Yes , it is . It ’ s also very different from the British education system .
oh , sure . In British , students don ’ t have to take the foundation course .
Hey John , nice skates . Are they new ?
What position do you play ?
Yeah , you ’ re a pretty big guy . I play goalie , myself .
The Rockets .
Do you offer a course in business management ?
How many nights a week is it ?
And how long does the course last ?
When does it start ?
What time is the class ?
How much does it cost ?
Yes , that's all right . I want to enroll in the course .
Do you want me to fill it out now ?
Would you like to drink some coffee ?
Would you like to try some watermelon juice ? It tastes good .
Excuse me . Is there any body here ?
I've finished up all my water . I would kill for a sip of water .
Thank you very much . Are you here alone ?
I'm a back-packer from America .
It means a hiker who loves traveling around the world .
Yes , actually almost half of all the countries over the world . I love traveling places .
You can do it . But do work hard on your English to make it easier .
OK , Dead Man . If this doesn't start your engine , nothing will .
No , I don't .
Hello !
Please allow me to introduce myself . My name is Tom .
Yes , I did . Have you lived here long ?
No , not really . When I left Vietnam , I came to America and I lived with a cousin in Dallas for two years . Where do you work , Alice ?
I am an accountant at a company
It's nice meeting you too , Alice .
Good morning , Mei ! How are you ?
Not bad thanks .
You like movies ?
What type do you like the best ?
I see . I generally like movies to help calm me down . I think a sign of a good movie is the ability to bring you into the story as if you were part of it .
True . The movie industry is becoming more and more commercial . You see a lot of expensive movies with little artistic value . I generally think those made in the forties are of higher quality on the average than movies today . You can name a lot of classics from that decade .
What a washing machine ! It ’ s getting worse today . Look ! Now it doesn ’ t work at all . I think I need a new one .
Hey , your Chinese is coming along !
Yeah . It ’ s a lot better than mine .
I can ’ t wait to retire .
And then I ’ m moving to Florida where I can play golf all day , every day !
What do you plan on doing after you retire ?
What colour is her hair ?
What , curly ?
Does she wear glasses ?
No . I'm sure I know her .
Charles , do you have any children ?
How many children do you have ?
What are their names ?
How old are they ?
Are they in school ?
What does Stephanie study ?
Is she here now ?
I can't believe the weather is so gorgeous for your wedding .
And all of the flowers are in bloom .
I was looking at my test score and think that it should be higher .
I think an answer got marked wrong that should have been marked right .
That would be great !
This one right here should be right .
Yeah , let's do the math .
Looks pretty good .
Susan , I haven't seen you in the pub for a long time .
Mrs . Schmidt ! What's happening !
And the doctor told you to start listening to Bach ?
Congratulations !
And they said you should play classical music ?
Guess what ! I know something you don't know !
How many planets are there in the solar system ?
Not anymore ! Can you believe it ? They've decided that Pluto is not a planet anymore !
I'm dead serious . They've decided that it's too small to be a planet , but actually they haven't yet agreed on how big something has to be in order to be a planet anymore .
Yes , they can . If you remember correctly , people used to believe that the world was flat .
We actually know relatively little about space and the cosmos .
I suppose we could actually live on a planet outside of the milky way .
I hope not . I think they would be a threat to those of us that lived on the Earth .
You're just left school , haven't you , Emily ?
You sound relieved .
Well , what are you going to do now ? Have you made any plans ?
You mean getting into university actually depends on your passing your A level subjects ?
I noticed your absence in class this morning .
Hello , Jack here .
I am working . I often work late on Thursdays . I am busy this week .
Tomorrow ? No , I'm afraid I wouldn't be able to . I'm going out of the town on business .
Sorry , I never go out on Saturday evening . I always watch football on Saturday evening .
Next Tuesday ? Just a moment ! It will be the 21st of May . Oh , dear . Arm ... I promised my aunt I would be at her birthday party .
Let me see . Yes , Mary . Let's make it next Wednesday .
It's snowing outside .
Let's go out and have a look .
Look at the snow , it's so beautiful .
I love winter , I love snow .
But I like cold more than hot .
How often do you have English lessons ?
How do you practice ?
Do you ever speak to native speakers of English ?
What happened to that girl you were seeing ?
That was a short relationship . You only started dating 2 months ago .
What do you mean ?
She sounds very emotional .
Were you suppose to be there ?
Ok . You're right . She's a psycho .
Adam . I ’ m sorry .
Yes , But I couldn ’ t help it . I was late getting off work for a start and then I miss the bus . The bus I did catch that stuck in the traffic jam . It was one thing after another .
Yes . But those are the rush in that moment . And my boss ask me to do some urgent letters .
Well , no . I thought I ‘ Ve finish in five minutes . and I didn ’ t want to be difficult about just few minutes , if I hadn ’ t been missing the bus and in the traffic I wouldn ’ t have been so late . I ’ m sorry .
How was the movie last night ?
Mary said that she was really pleased with the photography .
She liked the acting , too , because that's what she wanted to see .
I'm busy year in and year out , but now I've done nothing .
I may have done a lot , but none is to my satisfaction .
Would you like to come to our party ?
What happened ? You look so pale .
What makes you say that ?
Oh , that's too bad . Work harder next term .
Don't lose heart . Everything will be fine .
What do you think of the lawyer's speech ?
Don't believe him . He's liar .
hey , the new SOHO . How's everything going ?
your office ? Aren't you a freelancer ?
a virtual office ?
what kind of services do they offer ?
sounds fun.what else ?
oh , that helps a lot to promote your corporate image .
I just love your hair that way .
Where did you have it done ?
Just yesterday . I'm still getting used to it .
That was a great party . Thanks for staying behind to help me clear up .
I expected that something might get broken . That doesn ’ t bother me . That spilled drink won ’ t leave a stain , will it ?
I ’ m going to put all the rubbish into this big plastic bag .
Yes , he ’ s very good .. isn ’ t he ? He told some funny stories too .
I think that she had a litter too much of the punch .
That ’ s my little secret . Did you like the snacks that I prepared ?
That cake tasted so good ! It disappeared within minutes , so I think everyone liked it a lot . How ’ s that stain ?
Mom , this is your third bowl of rice !
Why ? I never saw you eat so much before .
So your stomach is the one that actually gets a lot of work-out .
This way you'll probably put on more weight . Will you give up ?
Then how are you gonna deal with the problem of getting extra weight ?
Oh , I've got an idea . Why don't you ask Dad to go with you ? He badly needs some exercise .
He can just say , I'm Benjamin . I'm new and shy .
Look , Bob . This is a photograph I took during my trip to Australia .
They ’ re people I met during the trip . That ’ s the ship we traveled on .
That ’ s the man I told you about . Remember ?
That ’ s right .
Guess !
That ’ s right . I grew a beard during the trip , but I shaved it off when I came home .
Hey , Jack ! Is Jenny coming with us ?
Nothing . I am just asking .
Who has a crush ?
Well , I don't have the guts to ask her out .
I ’ d totally die if she turned me down .
Susan has got the cancer of stomach .
Yesterday when I went to hospital to see her , you cannot imagine how greatly surprised when I saw her .
Shall I punch out for you , Ross ? I am leaving now .
But today is Friday . You are not going to work overtime on Friday evening , are you ?
No . We ’ ll meet at my house . He invited my family to spend the weekend with his family at their villa .
It's not his villa , but his father's . I think it's somewhere in Florida . I am not sure myself .
Come on . You just haven ’ t met the right person and I think that you work too much . You should learn how to entertain yourself and enjoy life .
Well , suit yourself . I've got to run now .
You too . Oh , I forgot to tell you one thing . A girl called this afternoon . She said she was your ex-girlfriend . She wanted you to call her back .
No , nothing else . See you Monday .
Are we going to have gym class tomorrow ?
Sometimes I forget that we don't have school on Saturdays .
So there are only five working days in a week ?
I'm going to study .
Thanks a million .
Jacob , are you interested in helping me out and going on a blind date with a friend of mine ?
Well , she's got a beautiful face and long curly red hair .
She's fairly tall , maybe 2 inches taller than me .
Not at all . She's actually very athletic .
No , but she does wear contact lenses .
She's got a gorgeous complexion with a few freckles on her nose .
I think she has her ears pierced and she definitely has a few tattoos , one on her lower back , one on her neck , and one on her left foot .
It's a butterfly---everyone in her family has one .
Yes , even her mother .
She's a lot like me .
Good morning , Jason . How did you sleep ?
Great ! So , are you ready for a full day of shopping ?
I know a place that should be perfect . It's called the China Friendship Shopping Center and it's pretty much like an American mall - except with more variety . You can even buy a live chicken there if you want .
Well . I'll be honest and say you'll never be as good at bargaining as a local person . You're a foreigner and the sellers can see that . But ... if you're smart , you can get bargains that are not too far away from the local price .
For starters , you want to do a lot of scouting first . You've got to know what things cost .
I ’ m so relieved that your ankle wasn ’ t broken ! I feel just awful about this whole thing . I wanna make it up to you . Let me take you out to dinner tonight . My treat .
Perfect !
Me too.You look so beautiful tonight ! I wish this night would never end.There ’ s something I have to tell you ...
Hey , you ’ re early ! Where ’ s everyone ?
Oh ... why ?
Sure . What is it ?
Are you serious ? We ’ Ve been friends for years ! We can ’ t just change that overnight !
How do you usually spend your time , now that you ’ Ve retired ?
What do you have for breakfast ?
that sounds nice . How do you spend your mornings ?
How do you spend your afternoons ?
What do you think of being a secretary ?
How come ?
Hey . Steven . You have a large chunk of money , but why do you still live in the old flat , instead of buying a new villa ?
But I found you always hate to part with your money . Look at the car you drive ; it's such a junker !
But ... But ...
Judy , have you ever made out how much money shall we spend ?
What ? That's too much .
Ah , the transportation fee always takes a great part in the budget .
Hmm , what I'm fearful of is that the accommodation will also deteriorate once we choose a cheaper hotel .
Julia , what do you think of the network ?
Yeah , you are right . Internet makes our lives easier . But it's a two-blade sword .
I mean Internet brings benefit a lot , but also some disadvantages . For example , many youngsters are addicted to the games and they neglect their study ; or some bad guys steal people's money online , etc .
I'm tired .
Where are you going ?
What's wrong with her .
Congratulations to you .
Hi , I ’ m Susan.What ’ s your name , please ?
Where do you come from ?
Yeah , that ’ s right.SO what are you studying ?
Hi , Alex . How are you doing ?
I know the feeling . I ’ m calling to let you know about this new Italian place I found . It ’ s right around the corner .
Have you figured out where you want to transfer to ?
Where would you like to go to school ?
You can ’ t think of anything ?
So , why don ’ t you just stay here ?
It ’ s a perfectly good school .
Do you know what you ’ re going to do now ?
Those guys thought they would never lose . But we finally beat them . And look at them crying now .
I can ’ t believe the cost of apartments in New York City .
Of course I had heard about that , but now I know how expensive it is to rent a place here .
Why ? You pay so much for such a tiny space to live .
You see that chick over there ?
Yeah . Isn't she hot ?
Just alright ? ! ? She's hot !
You think she's out of my league ?
C'mon . I get nervous when I talk to girls .
What do I talk about ?
I don't know ...
No . Stay away from her .
How about a movie tonight ?
Does 7 o'clock suit you ?
How about a snack after work ?
Would you rather stay home ?
Are you really interested in doing something ?
Have you ever played Making ?
Yes , some friends play it all day , all night , and sometimes a whole weekend . I tried to read about some basic rules online , but it is hard to understand . So I went to watch people play yesterday only to find I was even more confused . I think I have to work hard on those rules and more learning by doing . Practice makes the master .
Thank you for showing me your offices , Mr . Becker . I can see why Washington bureaucrats enjoy their jobs .
The city is beautiful , the off ... , the offices are modern and comfortable , and the work is so interesting .
Do you mean financially rewarding ?
I ’ Ve always thought that most bureaucrats are lazy .
How much do you make ?
Do you have any idea for this vacation ?
Oh , yeah , let's try to find some jobs .
Is this Mr.Smith ' s residence ?
My name is Paul.Is Mr.Smith in ?
Mary , how was your date with John ?
Oh , really ? That is great news . What does he look like ?
Sounds like he is pretty cute . What do you think of him ?
So click here , then up to the top .
Then open that window.Yeah , that one .
And that's it . You're done .
Sam , we are hard up for the everyday expenses . When can you find a job .
I immigrated here last year .
I really should be on my way .
No , thanks all the same .
Thank you very much . We really had a good time .
So see you .
I hear your daughter graduated from high school as the valedictorian .
Where is she going to college ?
Really ? That's the icing on the cake . Congratulation again !
Hey Jackie . What are you doing ?
I was thinking about heading to the mall . Do you want to go ?
Yeah . Both Bon and Nordstrom's is having there annual sale . It's a great time to buy some clothes you've been holding out on .
I'll meet you in front of Nordstrom's in 30 minutes .
What do you think about these shoes ?
No . Not really .
I bet it's expensive .
It ’ s so relaxing , taking a walk in the country . The air is so fresh and clean .
I can see a lot of advantage and disadvantage . The problem is that , for me , each advantage has its own disadvantage .
Well , I hate the noise in the city , but I love being around lost of people . The problem is that you can ’ t have lots of people and have peace and quiet . The tow just don ’ t go together .
People can ’ t have it both ways . If you live in the country , it is often less convenient . If you live in a city , it is noisy , buy there ’ s more to do .
I would love to hear the birds singing and feel the fresh breeze on my face . When the wind blows in the city , you get dust in your mouth and in your eyes .
Just remember that in that village there ’ s nothing to do . There ’ s not even a pub or restaurant . There ’ s just one small shop with a poor selection of goods .
I want to leave the motorbike outdoors .
Why not ?
You want to go with him ?
how's it going ?
to be honest , I'm a bit fed up .
well , my boyfriend was supposed to call me last night , but he never did .
the thing is , this isn't the first time he's promised to do something and then didn't .
a bit ? I'm extremely annoyed that he didn't phone me when he promised me that he would ! He's such a liar .
I don't know . I've got mixed feelings about it . On the one hand , I really want to end it with him , but on the other hand , I don't want to be without him .
in the long run , I think breaking up with him would make me much happier , but I know that I'll be depressed about it for a few weeks first .
what would you do if you were me ?
Our philosophy teacher is very humorous .
No , not at all.The examples he gives are very interesting .
Bonjour !
I said , Bonjour !
I ’ m speaking French . Don ’ t you know anything ?
Well , I just got back from my language school . We have to speak French all day there . No English allowed !
I ’ m trying to learn new skills . It makes me more qualified for a good job .
What have you been up to , Johnny ?
Wow , your grandma's really having a field day with you , huh ?
You have all the fun , don't you ?
I'm scared that she might not come back .
But she took her luggage away with her .
What time do you have ?
I must be off now . I'm pressed for time .
I really enjoyed tonight's party . Thank you , Sarah .
My eyes water continuously . Why ?
What is there in the air ?
I can't believe that the air in this city is so dirty .
So do I .
Who did the stupid thing ?
I don't think so . Dick has been on the ball and he never does things like that .
Rose , the weekend is coming . Let's discuss what we will do .
Sounds good . But on Saturday there's a football final .
Let me see . We can visit the country . We haven't done that for such a long time .
I haven ’ t met Bob for years . How is he ?
He would have recovered from the stress and got married again .
Daniel , have you ever heard about the wildlife sanctuary ?
Yes , of course .
There are a lot of wild animals in that place , and also some special rules while visiting .
There , you only have two ways for visiting .
On their bus or in your own cars , and you won't be allowed to get off the bus until you reach the special region .
Because it is dangerous to get out of the car or bus . You can just imagine how fierce the wild animals can be .
Yes .
What subject do you like best ?
No wonder your English is so good .
Has the chief accepted our plan ?
What are you doing there with your mobile phone ?
Moblogging ? what does that mean ?
Sounds interesting ! That must be very convenient .
How can you do that ?
What if you want to publish some photos ?
I see . Moblogging must have done a great favor for habitual bloggers like you .
Wow . Look how polite your son has become .
I don't think much of the film .
Really ? Do you like the story ? It's sheer nonsense !
Excuse me , can you suggest a good book for me to read ?
Do you have an English-Chinese dictionary ?
So , Karen , what do you do in your free time ?
Really ? How long have you been playing piano ?
That ’ s really interesting . you have to play for me some time .
Why are you laughing ?
Well , how was your honeymoon ?
Peak periods always entail hours of queuing . At least you got a nice tan though !
My friends and I just got back from Bali .
Yes , we were lucky . My friend's father owns a resort on one of the islands , so we were able to stay for free .
I took a few diving classes , but I didn't really like it , so I did snorkeling instead !
I've got quite a few pictures of all different kinds of fish . I'll show them to you next time I see you .
We're planning on going skiing in Switzerland . Do you ski ?
Would you like to go skiing with us for christmas ?
I guess I'd better go now .
In that case , I'll be seeing you .
I ’ Ve just take out an insurance policy . Are you insured ?
I took out a life insurance policy and make my wife beneficiary .
I need to make sure that my wife will be financially secure if I die .
That ’ s one of the conditions of my policy too . It covers you if you die before you retire and when you retire .
You look pale , Paul.What ' s wrong ?
I'm sorry to hear that.Anything I can do for you ?
I can't decide whether to go to university or to get a job .
But I don't even know what to study .
That's what my parents want me to do .
But my friends will have jobs and lots of fun , while I spend all my time doing reading and writing .
Hm , what you say makes sense . But you know , I still have to ask my parents for pocket money , and I hate to do so at this age .
Let's program your courses , since you have had English literature , you should take American literature and American prose and fiction . You transcript indicate that your english background is strong , so I don't think you have any problem with it .
Three , you also should take two three-credit-course in education department .
You mean it shuts off to save energy ?
It's not breathing !
Jen , it's not alive ... but it does look user-friendly .
The art critic from the daily chronicle doesn ’ t think much of the max oreo exhibition . He says that the artwork is uninspiring and old fashioned .
I liked it . I didn ’ t think his works were masterpieces , but the certainly weren ’ t uninspiring , in my opinion .
I like landscapes and still life . You prefer abstract paintings , don ’ t you ?
I agree . I prefer oils too . I collect landscapes , but I only have a small collection . You have a small collection of abstract art , don ’ t you ?
That would be nice . Can you read the characters ?
What do you like to do in your spare time ?
Really ?
They are beautiful . You did a good job .
It's quite cold this early morning , isn't it ?
How did you know ?
Does it happen often ?
Paul failed again .
How can we help him ?
Hi , Elvin . How are the new programmers I got for you ?
Are you still mad about your nose ? How is it ?
That won't be necessary , Elvin . Look , I want to apologize for your nose . I'm sorry .
I'm afraid I've got to go . I have another appointment at five .
No problem .
Are you a smoker ?
Would you describe yourself as being a heavy smoker ?
When did you begin to smoke ?
Might I ask if you have tried to give up smoking ?
Hey man ! How ’ s it hanging ?
Did you go to the roller rink on Saturday ? I heard it was far out , man !
Right on , right on ! Well , Jim went to the rink with Sherry and he said it was dy-no-mite ! He was low on bread , but Sherry paid for everything .
Are you a newcomer ?
You speak good English , though .
But let me tell you , you're doing just fine . I couldn't do half as well as you do when I was learning German.By the way , how long have you been learning English ?
That's a very nice pair of glasses .
Yes , and I like the color too . It matches your eyes .
I want to take Shield on a date but I don't have much money .
She likes to golf , dance , and eat foreign food .
Well , I really like being with her .
Dutch , where's that ?
Do you know his sister ?
That's right .
Um ... let me see now , is it 18 or 19 , I can never remember ... 18 ... 19 next birthday . Tthat's it .
Well ...
Are you free tomorrow , Sam ?
I like to stay here .
People are very kind down your way . You ’ re lucky .
Never .
You are studying here , aren ’ t you ?
Do you like this campus ?
How come ?
Oh.It ’ s awful , but it can ’ t be helped .
Why don't you go out with Jack ?
Wow ! What happened to you ? You look sad .
That's unbelievable . Why did this happen ?
How can I lose weight , doctor ? I seem to get fatter even when I just look at food ?
I never eat breakfast though .
I never thought about it that way .
Oh doctor , I feel so foolish .
I think the biggest environment problem in my country is air pollution .
That's because your country is more agricultural and has much less industry .
We have reduced emission of air pollutants in recent years , but cars are still a major source of them . Factories have become cleaner as stricter environment pollution laws have been introduced .
Excuse me , can you tell me where I can take a taxi ? This is the first time I have been in England , so I don't know where I can do at all .
Thank you very much , by the way , is it quite expensive to take a taxi ?
All right . I only hope to get a skillful driver , and drive me to my stop safe way .
Thanks a lot , bye bye .
Whose handset sounds so beautiful
Are you able to compose music ?
Who composed it for your ?
Can I get on line to search one , too ?
What about my SIEMENS ?
I don't know what to do about the people who live in the flat above me !
They're incredibly selfish . They ' re always up until the wee hours of the night playing their music so loudly that I have to wear earplugs in order to fall asleep !
I tried to introduce myself to them when they moved in , but they were so arrogant that I didin't want to ever talk to them again !
They both just talk about how great they are all the time .
They are ! Besides being loud and arrogant , they're also terrible gossips . They're always talking about everybody else in the apartment .
I don't , but they talk so loudly that I can hear what they're talking about from my bedroom - and it's not very nice .
Most of my other neighbours are scared of them .
I can't afford to move right now .
I think you're being a bit optimistic . If you met them , you'd understand .
It's nice and bright today , isn't it ?
Tomorrow will be fine too , I think .
Susan , I am inviting you and Frank to our house warming party this weekend .
Yes , Deborah and I are going to buy a new home in Woodlawn .
Well , we have always dreamed of owning our own home , but real estate in this area is extremely expensive .
That ’ s a good idea if you can find employment nearby .
Tell me something about your Valentine's Day .
So romantic.young people must have lot of fun .
How are you doing , Andrew ?
But you have so many friends ! How could you be lonely ?
What about me ? I ’ m your friend .
I know what you mean . I find it difficult to make new friends , too . It ’ s not as easy as it was when we were young , is it ?
I ’ Ve made a lot of new friends since I started learning English . Maybe you could join a club or take a class to make some new friends .
What kind of qualities do you look for in a friend ?
People who play ultimate Frisbee have a positive attitude ; maybe you should join the ultimate Frisbee club .
He dresses in plain clothes and drives an old car . Who would know he is the richest man in town ?
Oh , I must have been sitting in the same position too long . My legs have fallen asleep .
Hey Susan , what are you coming as this year ?
Yeah ... for Halloween ! We have a big office party tomorrow evening . There's a prize for best costume !
Really ! You don't have some kind of Chinese ghost festival ?
Cool ! A whole month ! What do you do during that month ?
Feed them ?
And then later everyone eats the food ?
It makes sense , right ? Who else is going to eat it ?
But no dressing up like ghosts , right ?
Hey Annie , who is this picture of ?
I think you can say your seventh great grandfather ! Cutie ! What's his name ?
Nice pun . What is it you active about him most ?
He looks like a very personable man .
Does Tom drink a lot ?
Did you hear ? The state is thinking of legalizing gambling in our city ! Soon we are gonna have amazing hotels and casinos here which will be good for our business !
What are you talking about ? How does it exploit people ?
Geez ! Now that I think about it , maybe legalizing gambling isn ’ t such a good idea ! Although , I have been to Las Vegas , and I didn ’ t become addicted or anything like that .
Mr . Rogers ?
I'm not feeling too well .
Yes , I would .
I can manage on my own . Thanks .
Can you give me a ride back home ?
Come on in . I am so glad you are here . We have been expecting you .
No , you are just on time . We haven ’ t really started yet .
Thank you , they ’ re beautiful . You can hang your coat over there . Try this new couch , it is so comfortable . You will love it . Want something to drink , tea , coffee , juice or Cola ?
Make yourself at home .
Have you got any plans for the coming holiday ?
Volunteer in a zoo ? What specific things will you do ?
It must be a unique experience . I ’ m looking forward to share your story when you come back .
He is planning again .
Happy birthday , Alice , here is a little something for you .
Mike , did you win the lottery or something ? Why the big smile ?
You did ? That's great ! You must be very happy now ?
Did you tell your parents yet ?
They're probably going to be so happy .
Where should I park ?
I drive a scooter
No , I haven't seen those spots .
I park in the daytime .
No , I have not seen the signs .
No , I don't know what the curb colors mean .
As we know , mobile phones bring people great convenience and shorten the distance among friends and relatives .
Is it ? I've never thought of any disadvantages of the mobile phone .
That's true . Some people pay too much attention to their mobile phones .
We'll miss you while you're studying in the United States .
The dinner was really good . It knocked my socks off .
Great . Sweet wines are my favorite . They always make a great finish to a decisions meal .
Port , please .
The port is quite exquisite . It must have spent years aging in barrels . Am I right ?
Next time we are about to dinner we should try some Canadian ice wine .
It's made from naturally frozen grapes .
OK , here's to your health .
You seem to be unhappy . What happened ?
What does the doctor say ?
Good evening , sir . What can I do for you ?
How would you like your Bourbon , straight or on the rock ?
Here you are , sir . Bourbon with iced water .
The bourbon is 15 dollars plus 10 % service charge . So the total is 16.5 dollars .
Jack's been looking unhappy lately .
I've just got the examination results . I am afraid you haven't passed .
I am afraid so . I am terribly sorry !
Don't worry about that , I am sure they will understand . After all , it was a very difficult exam .
Three other people started to bid . One called himself Buddhabuyer , so I knew he meant business . I raised my bid twice , but it kept going up .
I don't know . I dropped out at $ 250 .
more and more Chinese are marrying foreigners .
oh , why ?
I wouldn't say that's totally true . I've met many happy intercultural couples .
I guess it's because the Chinese women are more attractive to Western men .
what do you mean ?
a left girl ? What's that ?
you have a point here , but I believe some mixed marriages are based on true love .
Our maths teacher is rather humorous .
No , not at all . His examples are really interesting .
Yeah , how about your maths teacher ?
Bad luck , Anne .
She's another antique .
I enjoy watching Channel 5.They always have films from all over the world .
I can read the subtitles.My set is a huge-screen one .
Happy birthday , Ann . Many happy returns of the day ! Here is a present for you .
Ok , who is that girl ?
Well , I don't know .
How about having a cup of tea with us ?
Would you like to go to the cinema with me ?
Excuse me , could you tell me where you have got that music book ?
It's too high . I can't reach it.Could you help me ?
Let's skip The X-files tonight , Fran . Okay ? Just this once ?
How did you know ! There's a program on ancient Egypt tonight .
Look , it's starting !
Do you feel like going to see Paul and Claire tonight ?
How does 7:30 sound ?
David , have you watched the 82nd Oscar Awards Ceremony ? Avatar got the Award of Visual Effect . The movie sounds great !
How was it ?
It is said that The Hurt Locker got the Award of Best Picture . What do you think about this ?
Wow ! That's a fantastic movie !
Who was the director ?
the May holiday is coming up soon . Are you planning on going on vacation ?
where are you planning on going ?
I went a long time ago , before they built the new train that can take you there .
personally , I think it ’ d be better to go when you have more time . A few days isn ’ t really enough to get acclimatize yourself and to go on a few excursions outside of the capital .
it ’ s a beautiful city , but I think it ’ s become too touristy . How about going to a cosmopolitan city like Shanghai or Hong Kong ?
maybe you should consider going to a hot springs resort outside of Beijing . I heard they are very relaxing .
since the May holiday is the high season , you should probably call ahead to reserve a room . Here ’ s the phone number .
What are you worrying about ?
Where is he ? Is he in danger ?
Guess who I saw yesterday ?
My cousin Monk . Have you seen her lately ?
Nothing exactly . She's grown into a very attractive young lady .
You know , her long lovely blond hair and beautiful blue eyes really make her stand out from others .
I'd like to talk with you again about what happened .
What type of movies do you like ?
That's an interesting combination . How about western movies ?
Why don't you like horror ? They're entertaining .
Well , you seem to enjoy speaking English .
I hope so . You see , at the moment I find it difficult to get used to the teacher's speed and accent . I'm awfully worried , I can't reply as quickly as she seems to expect .
Hey , your Chinese is coming along !
Yeah . It ’ s a lot better than mine .
Tom , you're my good friend , right ?
The exam ! The terrible exam ! I'm not ready yet . Can you tell me how to get good marks ?
Alison , would you like to have some more ?
Actually you haven't had much .
That sounds ridiculous . Why ?
I feel that Bob ’ s father-in-law is a hard nut to crack .
Look ! There are playing The Matrix today .
I don't know . If we can't , we can buy from ticket scalpers .
Come on . We are already here . Besides , I really wanna see this picture .
Seven thirty . There is only 10 minutes left and look at the long line !
Yeah , let's do so .
What can you expect with this crowd ? I am praying that no one will cut in the line .
Don't cover up your sadness . Let it go .
It isn't your fault . No one will blame you .
I've been told that you are a very successful businessman abroad . I wonder how you managed to achieve such success ?
I suppose that in a foreign country it was difficult at first , wasn't it ?
You mean you didn't know much English then ?
That's incredible . Could you tell me what you did to make a start ?
Really ? I wish you could tell me more about your experience .
Hey , Mike . Can I ask you something ?
I'm going to gamble on the world cup tonight . Who do you think will win ?
My husband is betting on France .
What do you mean ?
Good afternoon , sir . You are really a regular customer here . May I ask you why you come here so often ?
I see . But isn't it a bit too noisy ?
I can see that . Then what is your favorite coffee ?
All right . Would you make coffee yourself when you are at home ?
I think instant coffee is becoming more and more popular . Though its taste is not perfect , it's really cheap and convenient .
Which country makes the best coffee in the world ?
I agree . I heard in the western countries , almost everyone likes coffee . Is that true ?
No , we don't , especially the old people . But more and more young people fall for coffee .
Why are there still so many people overweight despite the current fitness craze ?
What are they ?
Why ?
That makes sense . Probably less time to make dinner and the junk food is cheaper .
What's that ?
Wow ! No wonder people are so fat . Say , Carl , looks like you could be doing a bit more exercising .
You should consider eating healthier food and getting some more exercise .
So what happened ?
Merry Christmas , Lily .
This is your first Christmas in the US . Here is the gift for you .
Hey , Cindy , I'm so sorry about yesterday . I shouldn't have yelled at you in front of everyone .
I don't know what happened to me . I just lost it .
Jack and Mary broke up .
Mary said Jack was cheating on her . Jack was seeing a girl from his hometown . One day , Mary saw them holding hands and ended the relationship immediately .
no , he doesn ’ t . Anyway , she found out that he had been two-timing her for a long time .
how so ?
poor Mary ! She really liked him .
do you think they ’ ll get back together ?
I hope she ’ ll recover soon .
Look , my clothes are wet .
Unexpectedly , a girl threw a bucket of water on me .
The Dai people are enthusiastic .
Did you hear about Bob and Mary ?
They had an argument and split up .
Nick ! How ’ s it going ?
What are you doing in this neighbourhood ? Do you live around here ?
It was great to meet you last week at the conference . I really enjoyed our conversation about foreign investment .
Sure , you still have my contact details , right ?
Hello everyone ! I ’ m Rick Fields , and here with me is Bob Copeland .
That ’ s right , and it looks like we ’ re just about ready to start the match . The ref is calling the players for the face-off ... and here we go ! The Russians win possession and immediately set up their attack ! Federal gets checked hard into the boards !
Alright , the puck is back in play now . Pavel Bure is on a breakaway ! He is flying down the ice ! The defenders can ’ t keep up ! Slap shot ! He scores
What's the matter , Lisa ? You don't look too good .
You mean Mark ? He seems like such an honest guy .
Two months ? How did you find out ?
So you asked him about the girl who called ?
What'd he do ?
What channel did you watch last night ?
You did ? How do you like the fashion show ?
Sorry to interrupt . Can I have a word with you ?
What are you doing ?
Would you travel around the world if you had the money ?
Hello baseball fans , and welcome back to today ’ s game ! My name is Rick Fields and of course , I am here , once again , with the man that seals the deal , Bob Copeland .
Well , the national anthem has just been sung , and the umpire has started the game . It ’ s time to play ball !
A very nice curve ball by the pitcher . The catcher gives him the sign , he winds up and Vargas gets a line drive !
Great play !
So , this is the worst story I ’ Ve heard this month . You have my real sympathy , Tim .
I understand how you feel , but you ’ Ve gotta learn to move on .
I told you that she is no fool .
She cannot get in Dutch with him . He is her boss , you know .
Hey , Ann , I am really sorry about last night . I shouldn't have said those things to you .
don't be silly . You guys should spend as much time together as you can . Besides we can go to the beach anytime .
well that's what being friends is about , isn't it ?
Nah , I wouldn't worry about that . But I don't want to be the third wheel . You two should have some quiet time to yourselves .
Hello , Jill .
Fine , only a little tired .
Thank you very much for looking after my house in my absence .
Yes , Please.It ' s very kind of you .
The rooms are very tidy and the flowers grew very well.You are very helpful . I want to thank you for everything you've done for me .
I bought you some books on literature , I don't know if you would like them .
Jack and Mary broke up .
Mary said Jack was cheating on her . Jack was seeing a girl from his hometown . One day , May saw them holding hands and ended the relationship immediately .
No , he doesn ’ t . Anyway , she found out that he had been two-timing her for a long time .
How so ?
Poor Mary ! She really liked him .
Do you think they ’ ll get back together ?
I hope she ’ ll recover soon .
I wish you wouldn't play the TV so loud .
Yes , please ask when you want to borrow my records next time .
So , Karen , what do you do in your free time ?
Really ? How long have you been playing piano ?
That ’ s really interesting , you have to play for me some time .
What do you do in your spare time ?
Do you mind if I come along sometime ?
Hi , Craig ! How are you ?
Really ? That's too bad ! You should be at home in bed . It's really important to get a lot of rest .
And have you taken anything for it ?
Well , it's helpful to chop up some garlic and cook it in chicken stock . Then drink a cup every half hour . It really works !
She is , like , mega-intense , isn't she ?
What's it like to work with her ?
Tell me about it .
I have a suggestion . Why don't we go to a ETV and sing ?
Yes , why not ? Don ’ t you like ETV ?
Never ? Really ? I'm surprised .
But there are a lot of Kts in this town . There's one just two blocks from here .
I'll see you in Sterlet , then .
Sterlet . It's spelt 0 , S , T , E , R , L , E , Y .
Listen to this . Mary got married .
Yes . Yesterday .
She married Jerrod .
She ’ s going to live in Paris .
I am trying to decide what school to apply to ?
I am not sure . What's the difference between them ?
Which is better ?
I hear you have to wear uniforms at private schools .
Let's program your courses , since you have had English literature , you should take American literature and American prose and fiction.You transcript indicate that your english background is strong , so I don't think you have any problem with it .
Three , you also should take two three-credit-course in education department .
I'm not comfortable about this , Sandy . I don't understand most of these games .
I don't want to lose all my money .
I guess you're right .
Yes , I remember.You must decide how much money you will gamble before you start to play .
I know it's true , Sandy . But still some people lose control.They start to gamble , and they can't stop .
Okay .
Maybe 500 dollars .
I don't want people to think I'm stingy .
I feel very miserable . I took the death of my wife very hard , you know .
I ’ Ve tried it , not a chance .
Mary , it was wrong of you to be so late . Mother ’ s very worried .
I don ’ t really like Henry . I like my Rose .
But my Rose is great .
Really , Mary , you ’ re horrible .
Mr . : Please open your books to page 10 . ( To Mary ) Can I help you ?
Mr . : That's alright . It's the first day of school , after all .
Mr . : I'm asking the class to read page 10 to themselves . Then I'm going to ask some questions about the passage .
Hi , Bob ! How are you doing ?
I'm fine too , thank you .
With the greatest pleasure.Where is the concert this evening ?
What's on the program ?
I couldn't wait to meet you in person .
Same here .
John , have you ever watched Beijing Opera ?
What do you think of it ?
I couldn ’ t agree more . Actually , I ’ m a Beijing Opera fan .
Hello , I need to register for a class .
I want to take a Psychology class .
Can you tell me what days the classes are on ?
And the other class ?
Are you sure these are the only open classes ?
Okay , sign me up for the class on Monday and Wednesday .
Hi , Martin . I ’ Ve been looking for you all morning .
I want to say goodbye . I ’ m leaving for America tomorrow .
Yes .
Thank you .
Me too . I ’ ll write to you once I get settled . But I have so much to do . You might have to wait a while . But I really will write to you . I love to write letters . I think it ’ s more meaning than the emails even than the phone call .
Thank you .
Have you ever run into a person who tries to bleed you white ?
I hear that some guys splash all their money about on them .
I ’ m sure it will be wet when we arrive .
It will be Sunday so I expected everything will be closed .
But the bank should be closed so we shouldn't to be able to get some money .
Do you think we ’ ll need our overcoats ?
Why not ?
Is that very likely in England ?
My disposable contact lenses . They're great for camping !
Yep . They're prescription contacts with UV protection .
You just pop'em in in the morning , take them out at night , and then throw them away . No cleaning !
hey , Mary , what's up ?
oh , that's exciting . What's this guy like ? Is he hot ?
it seems you two are a good match . What qualities do you look for in a friend ?
well , that's something I've never heard of . But if you as me what I value most in a friend , I would have to say honesty .
Are you studying here ?
What are you major in ?
What do you think of the literature course .
Look at the cloud .
you haven't spent much time with Sophia lately . Are you speaking to each other at the moment ?
but you two used to do everything together . I thought you really enjoyed each other's company .
can't you hang out with them , too ?
maybe you should invite her over for dinner , so it's just the two of you .
it can't be that bad . She was always a really good friend to you .
she's probably just excited about her new job . You should give her some time . It would be a shame to lose such a good friend .
I still think you two should try to patch things up .
Do you like flowers ?
What's your favorite flower ?
Peach blossom is really beautiful .
I like lotus .
But there aren't any lotus now .
Where are you from ?
There's a double feature at the cinema this Saturday . Do you want to go with me ?
There's an action movie with Harrison Ford and a chick flick with Susan Abandon .
So , is that a yes ?
It starts at one and yea , let's meet there . It's the cinema on the corner of Lincoln and Main .
Did you hear what's going on downtown today ? All the orders from the factory are staging a demonstration in the streets . Not one of the two thousand employees showed up for work today , and they have gathered outside the city hall to demand better working conditions for all factory employees .
I think they gained courage after the mayor's speech last week on equality and opportunity for all town citizens . Anyway , the sentiments have been brewing for quite some time . I mean , we all know the working conditions at the factory are quite horrendous .
Hi , Peter . I ’ m afraid I can ’ t make it to dinner tomorrow night .
It ’ s just I ’ m not feeling well . I think I ’ m coming down with a cold or something .
Why do you want to spend your summer days in a mountain village ?
I don't agree with you . It's too small to live .
I disagree , a big town is more lively .
It's getting late , and I have to go now .
Please excuse me , won't you ?
what's your opinion about childless couples ? Will you choose to have no kids ?
why ? Do you have to make a choice now ?
what's the puzzle ?
oh , I see . I think the older generation tend to think in a different way .
oh , really ? Maybe she is just eager to see her grandchildren .
definitely .
don't worry . I think in most cases , children are the glue that keeps a family together .
I've had enough of that !
I hate the hero.He ' s too cruel .
How much did you bid ?
We'll see how much fun it is after they take all your money ! !
What if he had his friends fake the reviews ?
It's taking you forever to do my hair .
You should've been done already .
I don't think that you're done .
My hair looks hideous .
It doesn't look good at all .
I really hope that you didn't expect me to pay you for this .
Excuse me ! I don't have time to waste . I've been here almost one full hour !
Unbelievable ! Parking in this city is such a nightmare !
Oh , gosh ! I have to go to the restroom so bad ! I can't bear it anymore !
What are we going to do ? I can't get the car out of this ditch . I'm stuck !
I know . This is terrible . What can we do ? This snow doesn't stop falling !
I wanted to show you the cabin . We only had another half-hour to go .
I don't know .
What do you mean ?
I have plenty of gas .
So what can we do ?
Alright . That's a good idea .
Days ?
Oh , my God ! It's good we have food .
let's go out for a walk .
Well , shall we go to the cinema ?
Mr . Bellow , have you anything in mind as to what to drink or may I make a few suggestions ?
Would you prefer our cocktail — Shanghai cocktail ? It's a mixture of real Chinese ingredients .
( The waiter makes the cocktail for Mr . Bellow and hands into him . ) Here is your Shanghai cocktail , Mr . Bellow .
Jack I hear you have a chance to go to college without taking a test . Is that right ?
Don't hesitate . That's a very famous university which a lot of students are longing to attain .
But this chance is really precious .
I hope you can make a clever choice . Anyway , the opportunities around you are not that By .
Hi , Janice . Our first weekend after being employed is coming . Show me your plan .
What are you assigned to do ?
For me , I think I will iron my shirt and trousers . Actually , weekends tend to be the most hectic day in the whole week .
Hurry up . We're going to be late .
What are you doing ?
So , did I tell you about my New Year ’ s resolution ? I ’ Ve decided to go on a diet .
Exactly ! I ’ m going to cut out all that junk I eat . no more chips , no more soda , no more fried food .
But this time I ’ m going to stick to it . I really mean it ! Trust me , Carol , I ’ m going to be a new man in one year ’ s time !
Will you be joining Billy and I at the Bar ?
We are going to try the new one that opened up on 17th Street .
I want to stop off at my apartment to get changed so I should be there by 9 pm .
Certainly . But if there are going to be four of us , I had better make reservations .
Then I'II make reservations for 9 pm for a party of four .
Not that I know of . Why do you ask ?
I hear the drinks and food there are moderately priced.You should be fine .
No , its very casual there . Leave your jacket and tie at home .
I'll see you there at 9pm .
What's the most popular sport in your country ?
Do you play table tennis ?
I've really enjoyed your party , Lisa .
It's snowing heavily .
Give me Scotch , please .
Black Rose .
Just plain water with plenty of ice rock .
Have you ever seen Bill Gate's home on the internet ?
It's got its own library , theatre , swimming pool , and a guest house . The house itself has about ten different rooms that are all hooked up to computers so you can get things done in each room through a remote control . It's also located near the sea , so he can park his boats next to his house . It's absolutely amazing !
I think his house is fantastic , but I wouldn't want to live there . You would have to hire one or two people to clean all the rooms in the house , plus a few people to take care of the gardens , and probably an au pair or two to take care of the children . It's just too big of a place to take care of on your own .
My dream home is actually just a small cottage in a quiet village in England .
Old homes are great because they've got character . I think that's important .
No , that's just because I don't have enough money to buy new cloths all the time !
Rachel , do you like music ?
What kind of music do you like best ?
Really ? I can't believe this . I am also keen on classic music . And do you know there is a concert of classic music tomorrow evening ?
I got two . We can go there together .
Look at what you have done . All thumbs .
What is your hobby ?
What kind of reading materials do you like best ?
You look great !
So you are happy that you made the decision to join us .
What's that ?
It's not good to start with too much work-out at the beginning . What about trying something else ?
More and more people are warm up to Yoga these days . Do you want to have a try ?
Absolutely . But it takes great perseverance to master .
Here is a free class going on right over there . Go and join them .
Do you have to leave soon ?
Oh , that ’ s better . So you don ’ t have to rush .
What ?
He knows you very well .
I ’ m sure you have chances everywhere . You ’ re handsome , talkative , and got a sense of humor . You must be very popular .
This small town has many serious problems .
The mayor and high official practice crony is mand a large number of guys who are good at nothing occupy many important positions .
Do you see the woman ? Is she a teacher ?
Does she teach Chinese ?
And who ’ s the man in the green beside her ?
which countries have you been to ?
I thought you had been to Australia too .
I think I'd say Norway . It has many pictures as fjords , waterfalls , and mountains .
well , the north of Norway is almost always cold , but further south it can be fairly warm in summer . It ’ s a wet country , so there ’ s snow almost everywhere in winter .
What's bothering that guy ?
Jane , I was wondering if you you had any plans for saturday afternoon .
There is a special exhibition of french sculptures at the museum , I was hoping you ' d like to come with me .
What about sunday ?
Maybe next week .
Sorry to hear that , I was really looking forward to spending some more time with you , I really enjoyed our last chat .
Hello , Mrs Turnbull . How are you ?
He's a bit tired . You know , he goes to school at eight o'clock every morning.He doesn't get home till after four . then he does his homework after tea . It often takes him a couple of hours to finish
School , you mean ? Yes , he does . He likes his teachers , and that always makes difference .
No , he walks . He likes walking . He meets some of his friends at the corner another go together .
Are you an American ?
Why don't you speak English ?
Oh , do you like Chinese ?
I want to study German . Can we exchange lessons ?
When will we begin ?
Your muscles are a spectacle !
No , but I am starting working out from now on .
You are an eager beaver .
I visited the famous variety show host , Dennis .
Oh , he's a very serious person .
Lily , do you know Lizzy ?
Lizzy smith .
Then , Do you know her younger sister ?
Yes .
Oh , not bad . Then do you know her mother ?
That sounds terrific .
This place serves good breakfasts , don't you think ?
What are you planning to do today ?
Have you done windsurfing before ?
Can you take a little advice from a friend ?
Don't waste your money . Windsurfing is very hard . And it will be windy today.They will charge you fifty dollars for a half-hour , and you won't be able to windsurf.You will fall and fall and fall .
Yes , but it takes a long time to learn.You would spend a thousand dollars to learn it on a rental windsurfer .
I don ’ t know what I ’ m going to do ! It ’ s going to be impossible to make ends meet if I lose my job !
It was a rather big mistake . When you work as an investment adviser , one small mistake can cost the company millions .
That ’ s true , but my supervisor is very dishonest . There ’ s no reason he needs to tell our boss the truth . I ’ m sure he will tell our boss that it was all my fault , and there ’ s nothing I can do about that . My boss won ’ t believe me if I tell him the truth .
I have enough to live off of for about 3 months . But I really don't want to spend my life savings on just living ! I ’ d rather invest my money somehow .
Next month . So I can either move out then or renew my contract for another year .
That ’ s very generous of you . I guess that would work .
Excuse me , I need your assistance .
I have no idea where my class is .
My class is in the C building .
Do you mind telling me where it is ?
Number 261 .
Can you please show me ?
I'm more worried about snipers .
Sniping is when someone makes a bid at the very last minute to steal something for a bargain price .
I heard about a software program called turbid . It automatically submits a bid with just a few seconds to go in an auction .
So , Fred , what are your plans for after graduation ?
That ’ s cool . Have you already found an apartment to live in ?
I couldn ’ t even if I wanted to . My parents told me that if I went home , then ’ d have to find my own place .
Not really , they just don ’ t want me living at home . My older sister did that , and she lived at home for seven years . Once she started living at home , it got harder and harder for her to move out .
My parents just didn ’ t handle my older sister very well , and because of that , they want me to be more independent . They think that it ’ s important that I should learn how to live on my own .
Hi , Mel , would you like to come and have a cup of coffee this afternoon ?
I see . Then what about tomorrow , at Starbucks ?
Ok , so who are we going to invite to our dinner party ?
Don't forget my friend Andy from the office . He has nothing to do on Friday , so I invited him over .
Why can't we ?
I'm not sure . He just broke up with his girlfriend recently , and I don't think he's in the mood to start again so soon .
I think you're making a mountain out of a molehill . It's only a superstition . It really doesn't mean anything .
Ok , ok . I'll ask my sister to come . That way we'll have fourteen for dinner .
I can't believe it , I had faith in Bob and he let me down .
Really ?
Hello , Alice . Would you like to go to the temple fair with me ?
Yes . The ancient custom of holding temple fairs is to offer sacrifices to the god of the earth , and they have developed into a festival filled with food , performances and games now .
Absolutely , I love temple fairs . Beijing has several temple fairs recently . They are different from each other to some extent , but also have a lot in common .
What about Tianqiao Temple Fair ? A variety of opera performances , acrobatics shows , and food will dazzle you .
Of course .
Excuse me , Supen .
Please forgive me , but I have to leave . I feel terrible . but ...
My daughter isn't feeling well .
I don't know . Will you forgive me ?
Thank you . It's our first date . I hope it's not too offensive .
Hello . Can I help you ?
I'm sorry , but that class is already full.And also , students are supposed to register through the touch-tone registration system .
That's because it's full .
Well , I could put you on a waiting list.But that doesn't guarantee you will get into the class . What is your name ?
Alright . And what is your major ?
Wait a minute . You're a Comp Lit major ?
Why didn't you tell me ? I didn't know you were one of our students .
The university computer system saves extra places , in class 287 for comp lit students . I can give you a special code.When you register by phone , you can use the code to get into the class .
That's right .
Sure . Here is the code number , with information on how to use it .
Sure . Just call the touch-tone registration system again.Then , follow the directions on the sheet . You will get in no problem .
Who's that man over there talking to James ?
He's very handsome , isn't he ? What's he like ?
Really ? I love eccentric people .
Why ? What do you mean by that ?
Heard what ? No one ever tells me anything .
Really ! How fascinating .
Well , what can I say ? I didn't know . Oh , I meant to tell you earlier , your blouse doesn't really match your skirt . Those colors don't really suit you either .
How did you first meet Jack each other ?
And then ?
Then he sent you to your home ?
It's a romantic meeting . I can say that a hero saves a beauty .
Where are you from ?
So you speak German , don't you ?
Oh , I see . What other languages can you speak ?
What are you reading ?
Aha , Fitness Consultant . Very good , Don't you know about the rules in this office ?
Well , don't do this again next time . What is it about , anyway ?
What kind of sports ?
Interesting . What were you reading just now ?
Really ? That sounds interesting !
I like NBA very much .
No , I didn't .
Do you like NBA ?
Who do you like best of the NBA players ?
So do I .
Hi , could you help me find a place where I could buy some lunch ?
I was thinking of pizza or something else Italian , maybe .
Good ! Where is it ?
That would be great .
I'm reading an interesting report on Mars .
Absolutely ! It says there is water on Mars buried beneath the surface . It's just a matter of how deep it is .
The soil would need quite a bit of fertilizer to grow anything . And it would need to be protected from the UV radiation .
I'm not sure NASA has built any portable habitats for extended stays on Mars , but they have looked at various designs .
Well , I'm not really an expert in this area , but my understanding is that anything is possible . It's just that it is so hard to determine what went on 4.5 billion years ago .
I'm skeptical . Mars is made of rocks containing silicon , iron , and various minerals . It also has an atmosphere of carbon dioxide . It is so different from what we have on earth , you know .
Would you like to go sightseeing tomorrow ?
What would you like to see in Beijing ?
When are we leaving for our field trip ?
Yes , I will write that down .
Yes , I will be there on time .
Yes , someone is coming to get me .
What should we bring with us ?
Mr . : Hello , Mary .
Mr . : I'm Mr . Taylor , and I'm your counselor . I'm going to show you around the school .
Mr . : Right here is the cafeteria .
Mr . : But not big enough . And here is our computer room .
Mr . : And over here is our gymnasium .
Oh , my ! It's really hot . I've never seen such scorching weather in my life .
Oh , look at the thermometer ! The temperature has hit 98 .
But it's already awfully close .
I guess you can ’ t do anything until after dark then .
In the discus throw , you scored 30 meters at the final throw . How did you make it ?
Is this your best score ?
Hi , where have you been ?
Oh , how was it ?
do you want to go out for dinner tonight ?
I'm starving , so maybe we could go somewhere with large portions .
I'm not really in the mood for Italian , actually . I was thinking of something a bit spicy .
I really like that restaurant ; you get a lot for your money there . But , they've westernized their food , so it's not actually that spicy .
the Taj ? They're a bit expensive , but they do serve large portions of very hot food .
shall we bring our own bottle of wine to save some money ?
that's right . It'll probably work out to be about the same then anyway .
are you sure ? We could go Dutch .
Robin , what are you going to do tomorrow ?
And later ?
It seems that you will have a nice day tomorrow .
So do you think I can take it ?
I know , but things are getting a bit out of hand and I just can ’ t do nothing .
You married Joe , didn't you ?
I remember you are in love .
Watch out , Patrick !
Well , humans could never make something like that .
Be a little more open-minded , Stu ! Don't believe everything you read in your history books !
Hi . are you new here ?
I'm Steven , your neighbour .
Nice to meet you , too .
I guess so . I live next door but one , and hope you'll drop in now and then .
The winter in Ottawa is freezing .
I think I will be adapted to it .
The summers are so great here ! Not hot at all . I love the cooling breezes , the clear air , all the greenery .
Let's do both ! Are we in a rush or anything
Sounds fine to me . Whatever , let's enjoy this pond first .
I see them ! Wow ! How do you know they're wild ?
Wow . She can be really nasty , can't she ?
Well , I guess Zina figured you couldn't blow it if you were in the hotel room .
Hi , Bob , this is Mary .
I work for an Internet company .
Hey Jack . What's going on ?
Really ? When did you decide this ?
That's exciting , man .
You shouldn't use my example . It wasn't special . I kind of wish I made it more special but it's too late now .
There are a lot of options . You can surprise her over dinner , or ask her in a public area , or if you have the balls , ask her father in front of her .
Thought about what ?
I don't know . You should know how she's going to react . She is your girlfriend .
The bridegroom looks a bit nervous .
Oh , they are playing the wedding March . Here they come .
I am so happy for them .
Yes , I always cry at weddings .
Yes , they are .
In fact , we are beginning to make preparations .
No , no , for the engagement .
What's this , I wonder ?
A coffee grinder ?
Hi , Jack . Long time no see !
Not bad . At least I am still alive .
Where did you get that idea ?
You are right . I am not boasting , but she is really as beautiful as she is intelligent .
Here's your drink , sir .
Oh , I'm terribly sorry , sir . I'll go and get you cola right away .
Yes , sir . I'll bring your drink right away .
Is there , sir ? I'm very sorry . I'll change it straight away .
Dalian is a beautiful city . Do you agree ?
The climate here is pleasant .
This city is really comfortable to living .
No other city can match it . It's heaven .
Well , I ’ d better get back to work . I ’ Ve got a ton of stuff on my desk !
Yeah , definitely . I was hoping to catch a ride with you .
Where will you go in your vacation ?
you are dressed to kill . You look gorgeous , Alexander .
how did you meet each other ?
is this your first date ?
sure it will . Oh , no , it's seven fifteen already . I'm going to be late for my date .
absolutely not ! He's a cheater . I will never talk to him again . I'm over with him . He's history !
a guy I met on the internet three month ago .
please don't be so fussy ! I didn't just meet him yesterday .
I can ’ t believe that Anthony is finally getting married !
Don ’ t be mean . Look here come the bridesmaids ! Their dresses look beautiful !
That ’ s the flower girl and the ring bearer . I ’ m pretty sure they ’ re the groom ’ s niece and nephew . Oh , they look so cute !
That ’ s all you ever think about , food ! Oh , I think the bride ’ s coming now ! She looks gorgeous . Wait , what ’ s she doing ? Where ’ s she going ?
I've just got the examination results . I am afraid you haven't passed .
I am afraid so . I am terribly sorry !
Don't worry about that , I am sure they will understand . After all , it was a very difficult exam .
hi , Meally , do you know that guy over there ?
He is cute . What dose he do ?
Really ? Are you going to introduce us ?
Hello , I'm Lance .
It seldom rains this summer .
Because of pollution and other things , our environment has become worse and worse .
These things are always oooo boring . Heard any gossip ? Anybody making the big bucks ?
That's no news . Those two were high school sweethearts anyway .
Uh , I can see that . And Erica Falls has lost a lot of weight .
How are your Chinese lessons going ?
Well I guess you have fewer characters but I think Chinese grammar is easier .
Yes , I guess basic speaking in the English is easier .
Let me hold the door for you , miss .
Can we talk ?
You know what I mean .
I want to know where this relationship is going . I ’ m in love with you and I need to know ...
I ’ m awesome . Well , I guess that ’ s my answer , isn ’ t it .
Look , if you don ’ t love me , it ’ s not a thing , alright , we ’ Ve had our laughs , but I don ’ t appreciate ... maybe it ’ s just time we ...
You do ?
Oh , I love you too !
How do you do ? I ’ m Parker .
Parker .
Yes , with a P .
Barker ? With a B . Of course .
Won ’ t you come in , Mr . Barker ?
Let ’ s go to WAngFuJing by bus .
Okay . It will be a new experience for me .
where do we pay the fare ?
Let me pay for it .
Ask the worker who sells token to give you one . It ’ s free of charge . Actually maps showing subway routes are posted at most stations .
I've heard The Hitchhiker would be on next week . I want to see it .
Yeah , I love horror movies the most . Would you like to go with me next weekend ?
Well , What kind of movies do you like ?
In a word , you like all the movies except for the horror movies .
Not quite . I also like romance and comedy movies very much .
So we can relax now .
Excuse me , sir . Could you spare a minute ?
Do you go to work by train every day ?
And would you mind telling us what you think of the rail service ?
Why do you say that ?
Which train do you catch in the evening ?
And can you get a seat ?
Would you agree that the service is fast ?
Hi , Kate .
Yeah , I saw someone walking like you , but I wasn ’ t sure . We haven ’ t seen each other for how long ? Almost three months ? But you look quite different now .
Oh , you look quite slender and more vivacious . What have you been taking ? Are you on a diet ?
Wow ! That ’ s great . I sincerely want to achieve my weight loss goals , but it ’ s difficult for me to keep up the exercise . Also you know , old habits are hard to break .
Dance ? You only go dancing ? That ’ s not hard . I can do that .
How do you usually sell your products now ?
Oh , really ? Is it a good way ?
What advantages does it have ?
Yes , if we do business through other ways , it will cost a lot of time .
Yes , going abroad to join the exhibition will cost much . But does it have any disadvantages ?
You mean there may be credit problems ?
Will you give some suggestion ?
Alright everyone settle down . Let ’ s get started.As you know , an important aspect of becoming a good citizen is understanding the genesis of our legal system . It is not enough to simply memorize our laws , it is necessary that we comprehend why and how they were formed . This brings me to our topic for today . Does anyone know what we celebrate on May first ?
No , that ’ s May fifth in Spanish , James , no wonder you are failing my Spanish class . No , May first is International Workers ’ Day .
No ! It is not considered to be a national holiday here in the US , but in other countries it is .
In the nineteenth century , working conditions were appalling , with workers being forced to work ten , twelve , and fourteen hours a day . Support for the eight-hour work day movement was growing rapidly , despite the indifference and hostility of many union leaders , and by April 1886 , 250,000 workers were involved in the May Day movement . Previous legislative attempts to improve working conditions had failed , so labor organizers took drastic measures . They passed a resolution stating that eight hours would constitute a legal day ’ s work . And , on May First 1886 , the resolution took effect .
Yes ! But the happy ending came at a high price.On May third , 1886 , police fired into a crowd of strikers at the McCormick Reaper Works Factory , killing four and wounding many . A mass meeting was called for the next day to protest the brutality .
Did your wife give birth yet ?
Congratulations . How is your wife doing ?
That's good to hear .
If your wife and baby are both happy , what more can you ask for ?
That's normal for anyone with a newborn .
You'll get used to it . After everything stabilizes , you can regain your health .
Irene ! I heard you were on a date last night ! So , how how did it go ? I want all the juicy details !
Okay , now you really have to fill me in . What ’ s he like ?
He sounds hot ! What does he do for a living ?
Hold on a sec , his name is David ?
Hi , Lucy . What are you going to do this weekend ?
Would you like to play tennis with me ?
Be sure to get to the sports hall at nine o'clock on Sunday morning .
I heard that Jim lost 100 yuan . Do you know that ?
Really ?
But some classmates said you took the money .
Look at my eyes .
Return the money to Jim and make an apology . I think he will forgive you .
Howdy ! Nice car ! What seems to be the problem ?
Not sure yet.How about you pop the hood and we can take a look . Mmmm , it doesn ’ t look good .
Well missy , the white smoke that you saw is steam from the radiator . You overheated your engine so now the pistons are busted and so is your transmission . You should have called us and we could have towed you over here when your car died .
I ’ m afraid a bit more than that . We need to order the spare parts , take apart your electrical system , fuel pump and engine and then put it back together again . You are going to have to leave it here for at least two weeks .
I like this kind of weather .
And it's calm . I like the peace .
A friend of mine is now in the big house . He was caught red-handed for selling cocaine .
He must be regretting about having done the business .
Do you like climbing ?
How about climbing up the Fragrant Mountain tomorrow ?
It is located at the east foot of Western Mountain of Beijing , in a park with the same name . There are some huge stones within the mountain which look like the censer , so it is called ' Fragrant Mountain ' .
Many times . Except climbing , there are many attractions worth visiting .
It is the best season to view red leaves from the Mid-October to the first ten days of November . During the period , thousands of hectares of maples on the sloping field are so red that you would recognize them as fallen petals by mistake if looking from a further area . The bright red , pink , scarlet , and peach-puff leaves are distributed in different layout , with some green pines and cypresses dotted in between .
You can take a bird-eye view at the glorious picture when you arrive at the top of the mountain .
What had make you so upset ?
What ’ s wrong with that ?
To be frank , I find philosophy rather boring .
How could you manage to pass the exam ?
That one looks pretty big . Are you going to keep it ?
Not me . I like to throw back what I catch .
Lester , you are really fantastic at automobile repair .
That ’ s not a big problem . There are many small schools for adults like you who can study to be certified .
And you can easily get a student loan from a vocational school , or from the government .
Hey , Ted . What are you up to this Friday ?
That ’ s great ! Do you have any plans ?
Sounds nice .
Can I stop by ?
Judy , what is everybody talking about ?
You ’ re kidding . It can ’ t be true .
Really ? I ’ m surprised .
How do you like waltz ?
May I invite you for the first dance ?
In fact , I took up dancing quite recently , too .
I'm glad you say so , you dance beautifully too . It's lucky that I got a partner .
Yes . And what dances do you like best ?
Oh , the music has stopped . Thank you for the dance .
What can I do for you today ?
Can I do anything else for you ?
We don ’ t allow people to check out magazines .
It ’ s just a policy of ours .
You may check out books or videos .
You will have to just read it in the library .
Happy Valentine's Day !
Could I treat you to dinner tonight ?
Wow ! Look at the time . lt's about 11 0 ' clock .
Where are you going this weekend ?
So boring ! Shall we go out for a picnic with my friends ?
Fred and David , my college class mates and Rachel .
Your tent and enough food and water .
We can go fishing , chatting and camping .
so ... what kind of things do you do in your free time ?
I like to do just about anything outdoors . Do you enjoy camping ?
have you ever been camping in the Boundary Waters ?
it's fantastic . My family and I are very fond of the place .
sure , would you like to see them ?
I have a Canon SLR .
I'd call it one of my hobbies . Do you know much about photography ?
have you heard about the photography exhibit that's going on at the art gallery this weekend ?
yes.In fact , maybe we could go together .
how about at 11:00 ?
So Janet , do you do any sports ?
Yeah , how often do you go ?
Not bad ! Do you do any other sports ?
Guess what ? I won the speech contest at my school .
Oh , hi Pam . When did you get back from Canada ? How was it ?
Which city did you like better ?
And what's Montreal like ? What did you think of it ?
Which one has better nightlife ?
Well , you seem to enjoy speaking English .
I hope so.You see , at the moment I find it difficult to get used to the teacher's speed and accent . I'm awfully worried , I can't reply as quickly as she seems to expect .
What happened to my cup ?
Are you going out , Jack ?
Which language do you speak ?
Yes , I do . I ’ m learning Chinese now on the internet .
It ’ s not easy , particularly with listening and speaking , because sometimes the connection isn ’ t too good .
Actually , many of the characters are the same or very similar in both Chinese and Japanese , so they ’ re easy for me .
Yes . How are the Spanish classes going ?
What happened to John ?
Professor , I will not be here for our next class meeting .
I tried to work something out , but I really do have to miss one class .
I'm going to be doing a lot of extra reading .
Yes , I remember .
Sure , no problem .
Ms.Green , are the schools more or less similar everywhere throughout the United States , or do they differ in various sections ?
Do most students in the United States attend private schools or public schools ?
Which students go to private schools , then ?
But are the public schools good everywhere ?
Dose it cost anything to attend the public schools ? Are there any restrictions as to who may and may not attend ?
We thought you might like to participate in our rehearsal .
Have you seen this ?
They killed another hostage .
I agree completely . I just don't understand what's wrong with them . Don't they have any humanity ?
Yes , but that doesn't make them right , does it ? Just because they think so ?
Come on , you can't be serious ! We should never give in to terrorist's demands , otherwise where would we be ?
Really ? What happened ?
How have you been ?
And how ’ s everyone in your family ?
Where did you get your mobile ? It's really cute .
Thanks . Gee , it's really light !
I've got an old Ericsson . Here . Take a look .
Yes , I like collecting antiques .
I don't know . I like this one , and I don't have any need for all the bells and whistles you get on the new ones .
Well , I just need to make and receive calls , and it's quite reliable . I find that the more fancy stuff they put into these things , the more likely they are to break bown or go wrong , you know ? I mean , this camera function , for instance-how often do you use it ?
Well , that's nice I guess . So how many kids do you have ?
I ’ m sorry , but I can ’ t find the book that you lend me .
I must apologize . I ’ ll buy you a new one tomorrow .
How did Jim get the money ?
He must be mad ! Nick is a loan shark .
Are your ready to go to the supermarket ?
I've got my money and my keys , so I'm ready .
It wasn't cold out this morning .
Have a look outside for me . Does that look like hail to you ?
That's a good idea . But maybe we should move the car so that the hail doesn't dent it .
How long do you think this hailstorm is supposed to last ?
Maybe we should turn on the news in case it's supposed to get worse .
Good idea . That will help us to warm up .
Is everything ready for the Christmas party ?
I like the big star on the top of the tree . I ’ ll put the presents under the tree later , how ’ s the food .
Yes . I ’ Ve bought all the things to go in it . It won ’ t take long to make . How many people are coming to the party ?
Do we have Christmas pudding ?
Yes , I did . I send most of them a week ago . I ’ Ve brought some with me to the party to give to people in person .
Today is the old couple ’ s golden wedding .
Yeah . They promised to stick together forever when they were young .
Do you think you could keep the noise down ?
Yes . And another thing , would you mind not making long distance calls ?
Hey , Brad . How was your day ?
I'm going home .
Is that right ?
So he takes attendance once in the morning and once in the afternoon .
Mary and I decided to ring the curtain down on our love affair .
Don ’ t make a fuss . Many people divorce after having living together for many years .
Did you enjoy the movie ?
Sorry to hear that . I think it's even better than On the Golden pond .
I have some photos here taken by myself . Would you like to see them ?
I would get Fuji 200 film for taking photos of natural beauty .
How about you , Chuck ? Where did you grow up ?
And when did you come to Los Angeles ?
Oh . What was your major ?
That's interesting . So why did you become a hairdresser ?
How are your wedding plans going ?
Are you going to get married in the church ?
Have you booked the hotel for the reception ?
Look ! The girl is so beautiful and she is smiling at me . She is lovely .
What makes you think so ?
What's the matter with you ? You don't look well .
Really ? I like rainy days . The moisture in the air is good for my skin .
Philip , I was really glad to hear about your award . Congratulations !
Sure . But the work you did was really exceptional ! You definitely deserved it !
Hi ! I see you are having fun with your new computer and internet connection .
I can give you the name of a few useful website to visit .
When you sent your emails , did you attach any files to them ?
When you use the internet , be careful not to give out your email address very often . If you do , you might get a lot of spam-unwanted email from companies trying to sell you things .
That ’ s right . Another thing to remember when you are surfing is that you can add a web page to your list of favourites . Your computer will remember the page and you can return there quickly next time you want to visit .
Take this web page for example . Press the keys “ control ” and “ d ” together . Click on “ favourites ” at the top of the screen . There you are . It has been added to you favourites list . If you click it , you will automatically go to that web page again .
If you fall in love like him , you will go soft in the head , as well .
You want a bet ?
Is there any more vodka in that bottle ?
Marvelous . Pass it over . My name's George , by the way .
So Irene , what do you do ?
Macrohard , eh ?
Are you still busy today ?
Fine , honey . Rome couldn't be built with in one day .
How are you feeling , champ ? Ready to go ?
In what ?
Can you do the vault ?
I've come to say good-bye .
I'm flying home on Sunday afternoon .
Have you ever noticed that serious pollution in modern cities goes from bad to worse ?
I think it ’ s time for the government to take strong action . And people should try to protect environment .
When will you be able to come here ?
Okay , I'll have everything prepared for you when you get here .
Who's that tall guy over there ?
What's he like normally ?
Really ? What kind of problems ?
Really ? Well , I hate to say this , but I'm not surprised .
Well , he doesn't look very honest .
Oh , don't talk to me about laptops . Mine crashed on Friday and I lost everything . I hate them .
Look , I need another drink . Do you want one ?
Vodka martini ?
I'll be back in a sec .
John passed away .
Yesterday . He suffered from a serious disease . When he saw the red light , it was too late .
Peter is a bag lady now .
He was so rich in the past . Maybe he ’ s regretting his past mistakes now .
Hello . Is this Ann ?
Yes , it's me .
No . Worse than that . I have a flu . I'm in bed with a fever .
I'd like to do it , of course . But I just can't . I'm afraid I'd fall down in the middle of it .
Why not just tell him I'm sick ? I'll ring him myself this afternoon .
Not yet . I feel too lousy to go out.Anyway , I have a flu . I know what it is . I don't need a doctor to tell me that .
I'm not sure yet.Maybe this will all be gone in a day.So it's probably better if you don't call off my appointments . I will call you later this afternoon and tell you what I think .
Yes , that's what I plan to do . Except I won't make the chicken soup.Right now I don't think I could swallow more than a spoonful of it .
Yeah , I'm very nauseous.It ' s mostly nausea and a fever .
Thanks , Ann . Talk to you this afternoon .
Susan , good evening . Why are you so dressed up ?
You look great . Your make-up is perfect .
No , the one you have on looks fabulous , especially with your hair like that .
With that dress I'd say your white diamond necklace would look perfect .
Not much , just a house party with some friends .
Yeah , most of the people are from our office .
Is it true that rice is the staple food in most of Southeast Asia ?
Is rice your staple food , too ?
What do you like to do with your free time ?
You mean you like to study English ? Why ?
Studying English wouldn't give me any satisfaction . It's hard work .
Hi Bob , how ’ s business ?
Okay , enough small talk . Let ’ s get down to business .
Since we ’ re good friends , you don't have to pay me .
What a coincidence seeing you here . !
We used to be very friendly , but it seems now that my daughter ’ s marriage has taken its toll of our relationship .
I don ’ t like her husband , that bad egg , but my daughter insists on marrying him .
How wonderful it is to be in love ! It's love at first sight ! Oh . he's my Romeo !
Oh , Mary . You've surprised me !
Um — I was just thinking aloud .
Come off it , Mary .
You certainly do like teasing me , Mary . Well I'm in love with someone . The question is , how do I get his attention ?
Are you ready for the big competition today , Todd ? The winner gets two tickets to the Sydney Olympics !
We ’ Ve still got a lot of time before we have to start running .
John's very late.Do you think he's coming ?
I've come to apologize for what I said yesterday .
I must make an apology for losing my temper .
You are saying he will be promoted to the general manager ?
Are you sure ?
Just because he gets on well with everybody ?
Would you like to come by and play bridge ?
Well , to tell the truth , I don't really feel like it tonight . I had a pretty hard day and I'm sort of tired .
Oh , we always go to the movies.Can ' t we do something different ?
Let's see.How do you feel about playing bridge ?
Well , shall I call Janet and ask her and Tom to come over , and I'll go to the store and buy some stuff .
Hello , Tom . I'm really glad to meet you here .
I'm so surprised , B . Why did you decide to end your marriage suddenly ?
I didn't know that . I thought that you were happy together .
I can't believe it . But if you both determine to divorce , I hope you will have an amicable split .
Hello , Tom . I'm really glad to meet you here .
I'm so surprised , B . Why did you decide to end your marriage suddenly ?
I didn't know that . I thought that you were happy together .
I can't believe it . But if you both determine to divorce , I hope you will have an amicable split .
Dad , I want to learn how to drive this summer vacation .
I will get registered now at once . Do you know any training schools ?
OK . look , I've typed driver schools , and there are so many results coming out .
3,000 Yuan is a little bit steep .
I've heard that the Ideal Life School is famous . They offer many programs and there are many classes available . The charge is also fair .
Ah , got it . Ideal Life School , programs
Did you have any hobbies ?
What kind of books do you like to read most ?
Are you in love ?
People say only those that are in love like to read romance stories .
I want take shell on a date , but I don ’ t have much money .
She likes to golf , dance and eat foreign food .
Well , I really like being with her .
Dutch , where is that ?
Hi Rose , what are you busy with right now ?
Well , Rose ,
Are your free this weekend ?
Great , Is it convenient if i visit you this weekend ?
I'd like to call on you this weekend . I just want to a drop in for a chat .
Is 5 PM . a good time for you ?
Sure , that would be great . I'll bring the wine .
you're rather energetic today . What's going on ?
free coffee is one of the perks at this place , isn't it ?
not that well . I've got that Monday morning feeling today .
my boss has been breathing down my neck all day . I can't wait for the weekend !
you can say that again ! He won't even let us check our personal email at work !
really ? I didn't know that it was against company policy .
no , he is . Some bosses will bend the rules a bit sometimes , but not my boss . He always follows the rules to a T .
thanks . I better get back to my work before my boss yells at me again !
Hi , Mr . James , what's the rush ?
I can lend you some money .
Can I help in anyway ?
He came to work late every day that week . Then on Friday , he didn't show up at all .
Bob , you're so lucky that you've come at the right time-the 2005 International Tourism Festival is around the corner .
My pleasure . Well , the festival is going to start on the third Saturday of October , and covers over one hundred diverse programs in one month .
I don't know what to suggest . There're so many attractions , and they all sound interesting . One exciting program might be the Ten Thousand People Cycling round the Town . You can choose from the five routes that lead to different destinations .
Then you can take Route No . 5 . Next I would suggest the International Dragon Boat Race where you can watch Lion Dance , Dragon Boat racing , and many other water shows .
How do you know ? I thought Taiwanese people didn't have garage sales .
Well , I've grown to like second-hand things . I wouldn't have gotten through university without them !
I use those sites . Hey ! Let's go check out a flea market later .
What do you think of AC milan and the team of Argentine ?
Yes , I think AC Milan's foot work is much better on the whole .
Did you move into your new apartment ?
Don ’ t worry . It ’ ll probably take you about three weeks to get everything organized .
Have you taken a walk around your neighborhood yet ?
What do you mean by that ?
Yes , but you only pay 800 dollars a month . Emm , it ’ s hard to decide which is better , shorter commuting time or lower rent .
Is there a supermarket nearby ?
Sounds like you better buy a bicycle .
I want to buy a parking permit , please .
I attend both day and evening classes .
I ride a motorcycle .
I'll use a credit card , thank you .
No , just the motorcycle permit .
What is that you have there ?
Ah ha ! I caught you . Just let me peek . I won't tell anyone .
How about one little hint ?
That's a very good hint .
Here's 30 yuan for my ticket .
No , you can't do that .
How are you doing with your English Language studies ?
Is it harder than you thought ?
I am told that you dance like an animal . Why don ’ t you give a show in the front stage ?
Did you enjoy that new movie ?
Oh , what happened , Carole ?
What ? I met him just before I took off from Kitty's , he said he was coming .
Looks like it . So how did he handle it to ?
I think that's a bunch of nonsense . It seemed ok to me .
Doesn't sound promising .
If you want I'll let him know if I run into him .
Have you run into your cousin Jimmy lately ?
How's he doing ?
He did ? That's too bad !
Next time you see him , please tell him I'm thinking of him .
Oh , my god !
That's the cutest little doll I've ever seen in my life !
What park ? You found a doll in a park ? Gross !
Wait for me 。
Can you believe the headlines ?
I'm reading about Michael Milliken , the Bond King .
He got arrested all right .
Yup , that's him . He made millions of dollars selling bonds to people and ended up with a pile of cash when they became useless .
That's the kind of thing in America that gets me mad . Some guy pulls off a stock scheme and makes millions while spending the bare minimum sentence in jail .
Yup , you got it . Criminals in America do a lot better if they're white-collar thieves .
He was once a poor man but now he is a man of means .
I didn't see you at Mr . Johnson's class today .
Why ?
Why don't we Chinese have our own Valentine's Day ?
Oh ? Why is that day ?
The idea about Friday the Thirteenth is totally ridiculous . I don't believe it at all .
Why not ? The whole idea is superstitious .
I am not sure what to do during the holidays , any suggestions ?
The problem is that I find all of them are full of fun . I just don ’ t know what to do first .
Actually , I ’ m interested in all of them . The more choices we have , the harder to make a decision .
Hello , Jack ! Fancy meeting you here !
Fine . How is Jim ?
Jenny , are you having a good time ?
I ’ m glad you are enjoying yourself .
It ’ s my pleasure . Can I get you another glass of champagne ?
I was wondering if I could borrow the company van for a fundraiser this weekend .
It is in the park downtown .
We will need it for Saturday only .
Mary and I will be driving the van .
Yes , we can do that . Can we borrow the chairs from the lunchroom also ?
Good morning , Kevin .
I ’ d like to take this opportunity to thank you for everything you did for me .
I wouldn ’ t be able to make it without your help .
Hi , dear , do you know what the important day is today ?
Please think it over .
Come on , dear . I know you mustn ’ t forget it .
Ur , you really let me down .
No , you haven ’ t . You just don ’ t care about me . You ’ re an indifferent husband .
What can I do for you ?
Have you found a particular item from the card catalogue ?
Oh , maybe you can find something from the New York Times , or the Washington Post during that period .
Some people pile on their agonise and try to seek other ’ s sympathy by telling them how miserable they are .
I was fooled once . A lady told me she needed some money to keep the pot boiling . So I gave her some money and bailed her out of the situation . But later I learned that she had lied to me .
Hi , Celia ! How was your trip to the United States ?
Great . How long were you away ?
That's a long time ! Was the weather OK ?
So , what was the best thing about your trip ?
I am really impressed with your presentation skills .
Well , your time has been well spent !
welcome back ! How was your vacation ?
where did you end up going ?
I've always wanted to go to Paris . The Eiffel Tower is one of the most famous tourist attractions in the world ! Did you go to the top ?
sure . What's this one a picture of ?
you don't look very happy in that picture .
so what did you do ?
my travel agent always reminds me to plan a day of relaxing for every 3 days of sightseeing . Did you go to the Louvre ?
What does she do ?
Does she go to night school ?
Why ? What does she want to be ?
What classes does she take ?
I'm afraid I've spilt ink all over the table-cloth .
I'm terribly sorry . Won't you let me pay for it ?
Hi , Mike . We're having a party tonight , wanna come join us ? You can bring your girlfriend .
What happened ? Did you have a fight ?
Yeah , she is . She is pretty , caring , getting easy-going and she is a great cook . She is a gem .
Oh ? ! Did you talk with her about it ?
So , when are you going to tell her ?
I know she ’ s head over heels in love with you . She will be badly hurt !
You saved my life yesterday , Rachel . I can't believe I forgot to bring my wallet when we went to lunch with those clients .
Jenny , what's wrong with you ? Why do you keep weeping like that ?
How delicious ! Tender and crisp !
Yes , it's really savory .
I am tired of everything in my life .
You don ’ t know that I have been over-protected by my mother these years . I am really about to leave the family and spread my wings .
What's all the security check about , Jimmy ? Does it mean the bar may be a dangerous place ?
I don't know . Maybe the same . Actually , this is my first time being in a bar .
Sure . I love this place , especially the decoration . So tasteful !
Here it is . But , what for ? We're already in .
Yes , orange juice will be fine for me . But how can you get the drink ? It's so crowded there around the counter . You can barely move .
Cool . Thanks . ( Jimmy brings May a glass of orange juice . )
Not everyone . But a lot of people do , especially the young . It's a fine place to spend an evening with friends or to make some new friends .
Yeah , a dancing queen . Wanna go and join them ?
OK . Let me help you to hold the drink .
Hey , Mary , nice to see you again . I heard you're going back home to the U . S ..
You're so thoughtful . Wish you a good trip home . And we'll miss you .
You know that ? Dan got a divorce .
Yeah . But his relation with Sally come to a sticky end and was found by his wife .
Mr.Ben , What do you think of the book ?
Why ?
Come and sit down . Would you like a drink ?
Do you like olives ? Or would you prefer crisps ?
Do you like it ? It's Irish music .
Arm - I think it was in the CD shop in the Mall . Have you been there ?
Yes . Hey , I've got some photos of our holiday in Ireland . Would you like to see them ?
Anita , I ’ Ve been here only three days and you ’ re leaving already .
Gambling ? Where ?
What ’ s the Mountaineering Club doing this weekend ?
How hard is the climb ?
What did you do last week ?
Wow ! That sounds like a lot of fun . I ’ m sorry I missed it .
Yeah , I will . See you then !
Lucy , what are your priorities when buying a car ?
What about the environmental factors ?
I don ’ t think I can take another semester of this dorm food .
Sure , like taste , variety , nutritional value , what I should do is move into an apartment off campus where I can cook for myself .
You know how hard it is to find a decent place at this time of year ?
I got a car , so the distance wouldn ’ t really be a problem .
Richard , why didn't you come to school today ?
Thanks for everything .
You look pale , you must have poor health .
Why not go to see the doctor ?
William , do you like studying English ?
It's not that bad . If you talk to your American friends every day , you'll learn quickly .
Sure , what do you want to know ?
Laptop .
A laptop is a type of computer that you can carry with you . Do you understand ?
Laptop .
Yes , that's right . That's very good .
That word is pronounced kitchen .
I can see you've got some color back in your cheeks .
You've formed a sound habit .
I ’ m not a Christian . I just want to know why Americans believe that sort of thing .
You know ... like , say God is the creator of the universe , the Bible , and Jesus Christ ...
What do you believe , John ? Are you Christian ?
Do you believe that one religion is better than another ?
Do you go to church regularly ?
I ’ Ve decided to go to the cinema alone this evening .
Helen is nice but she talks a lot .
Hello everyone ! I ’ m Rick Fields , and here with me is Bob Copeland .
That ’ s right , and it looks like we ’ re just about ready to start the match . The ref is calling the players for the face-off ... and here we go ! The Russians win possession and immediately set up their attack ! Federal gets checked hard into the boards !
Alright , the puck is back in play now . Pavel Bure is on a breakaway ! He is flying down the ice ! The defenders can ’ t keep up ! Slap shot ! He scores .
Well , Mike , nowadays there's much talk about nanometer . But what on earth is it ?
Hmm ... it's hard to figure out the exact size , I'm afraid .
What are you doing for Christmas this year ?
That's great . M OST of my family is coming home too .
My sister.She is going to her in-law's house this year .
I asked Santa to bring me a new sweater and some computer games .
I hope that I get what I asked for .
We wake up early and go to church.Then we come back home and open our gifts together . How about you ?
Matthew ? Hi !
it's got to be almost a year now .
I'm pretty good . I've been looking for a place to live recently . My lease runs out next month and I don't want to renew it .
not yet . I am still looking through the classifieds . Wish me luck .
Mrs . Thou ?
great . It's a lovely neighborhood . And it would be nice to be neighbors again . It would be just like the old days !
Hey , How's it going ?
Oh , that's too bad . Was it stolen ?
Is there anything I can do ?
Sure , how much do you need ?
That's no problem .
That'll be fine . Here you are .
I'm going to buy some books and then I'm going to the gas station .
Well , Jeff , that was a very productive meeting , I thought . You had some really great ideas in there !
No , I mean it . Look , are you hungry ? Shall we go get something to eat ?
OK , well , let me just get my coat and we'll go to the diner around the corner .
Sometimes you look like brains , and sometimes you are simple a Barbie Doll .
Maybe I am a Barbie Doll , but I won ’ t do Barbie Doll things .
I heard you were on a date last night ! So , how did it go ? I want all the juicy details !
Okay , now you really have to fill me in . What ’ s he like ?
He sounds hot ! What does he do for a living ?
Hold on a sec , his name is David ?
Hi , Steven ! What do you like to do during the weekend ?
That ’ s great ! I think they do you a lot of good .
But why do you choose cycling at first ?
You are really a good citizen .
Matthew , do you know much about body language in countries around the world ?
Well , I had a meeting today with a woman from Japan and she wouldn't stop bowing ! I didn't know what to do !
No , I tried to shake her hand , but her hand was so limp I was a bit offended .
But she was in America ! Shouldn't she have known that strong handshakes in America signify confidence and respect ?
Is that why she wouldn ’ t look at me in the meeting ?
The meeting really didn ’ t go down well at all . I think I need to read up about intercultural communication before I have another meeting with someone from another country .
It's raining .
How was your trip to Brazil ? Did you learn anything ?
Tell me about it .
Really ?
Are you serious ?
What courses did you major in ?
What courses did you minor in ?
Do you know what E-commerce is ?
That's right
Michael Johnson doesn ’ t look graceful , but he sure is powerful .
What are you talking about ? ! He ’ s passed every drug test he ’ s taken !
Just because Ben Johnson was juiced up doesn ’ t mean all athletes are .
Hi Wei , what are you going to do this weekend ?
Oh right ... How about Sunday ?
Oh really ? I ’ ll come along with you if that ’ s ok .
Will we drive to the seaside ?
Let me help pay for gas .
What other expenses will we have ?
Who's singing in your home , Jim ?
Who's Ellie ?
Oh , I see.how old is she ?
I suppose they're playing games .
Today .
Yes .
Eighteen.Some friends are having a birthday party for me tonight.Do you want to come ?
About 6 .
You say he was around average height .
Weight ?
Any marks on his face ?
Glasses ?
What about his hair ?
Long or short ? Straight ? Curly ?
I'm feeling wonderful .
I'm no exception , and that's why I spent a whole afternoon in the swimming pool .
I'm going to the store downtown this afternoon to try on my wedding dresses .
Will you come with me and help me choose ?
Good . I think I'll get too nervous to look at myself in the mirror !
Tom , did you see the film last night ?
Do you really think so ? I don't think so . It wasn't that bad film at all . Didn't you hear the applause of the audience ?
Do you surf online regularly , Joe ?
Are you crazy ? What are you doing four hours online ?
Online chat ? Aren't you afraid of meeting bad people who pretend to be what they are not ?
Let's take a coffee break , shall we ?
What keeps you so busy ? You've been sitting there for hours . You've got to walk around.You just can't stay on the computer forever .
Are there many idioms in English ?
Can you give us an example ?
What about the expression Goodbye ? Is that an idiom ?
Have you ever thought of going to Africa ?
Would you like to go with me ?
Are you a wrestler or a boxer ?
Your muscular shoulders and chest impress me so .
Merry Christmas !
Are you doing anything special ?
So Kim , have you ever had anything stolen ?
My uncle just had his motorcycle stolen a few nights ago . I was just thinking about how clever criminals are these days .
I don't know . The ones who stole my uncle's motorcycle were pretty good .
He did . It was one of the best ones available . But that didn't stop them from disabling 11 it . And on a crowded street too .
You would think that people would be smart enough to stop something like that . No one knew his motorcycle was being stolen . The thieves came in a truck and convinced everybody that my uncle was parked illegally and they were there to tow it away .
He has a long head , I bet he will do well in his business .
When we were students , he was no good in any subject .
Charles , have you finished your homework ?
I want you to have a walk with me .
Look ! There's even a built-in handle to carry it with .
Oh , yes , it does . Look , here it says that the CD-ROM is built-in !
It says that it comes in teal and tangerine .
Actually I have a passion for Chinese literature .
Yeah , those classics from the great writers .
How is grandpa doing recently ?
Maybe I would talk with him someday .
How is everything going with your girlfriend ?
Oh , I am sorry to hear that . I did ’ t know that you had split up . What happened ?
Really ! Did she tell you why she didn ’ t show up ?
What was she thinking ? Did you confront her about it when you saw her ?
I can ’ t believe she would do that to you . It ’ s so dishonest---and rude !
I bet you she regrets what she ’ s done . You were such a good catch ! She really lost out , didn ’ t she ?
Eric , how long will you be in China ?
Well , have you ever thought about learning some Chinese ?
Don't worry . All things are difficult before they are easy .
Well , are you invested in some language-exchange program ?
It's where I teach you Chinese , and in exchange you teach me English .
How about this sunday ?
Good . I'll give you a call tonight .
Doris , I'm glad you're home . I'm terrified . I don't know what to do !
I think someone is stalking me .
I don't know . I saw him the first time Tuesday . He was at the cafe . I noticed he was looking at me a lot . Not just the usual looking , but staring.He just kept staring at me . He didn't stop .
I didn't do anything . Finally , he left.But then I saw him again today . Outside the shoe store . Near the cafe . I went into a CD store and pretended I was looking at CD's . But then he came in too .
Yes . Then I noticed he was on the sidewalk behind me . He was following me .
He followed me all the way home !
Yes , he was . I'm not imagining it.Finally , just when I got home , I turned around and looked at him.He was just standing there . He didn't smile . He just stood there . It was so obvious.What should I do ? I'm so scared . Can I call the police ?
Why can't I call the police now ? He was definitely following me !
I suppose . What can they do ? I don't even know who he is .
Hello , Mrs . Taylor . I'm here to pick up Diane .
Hi , Lucy !
Yes , It's very great .
You are right , Mary's father is responsible for the entire wedding-arrangement , costs , etc . I think he must spend much money .
Yes.Look ! Mary is going to throw the bride bouquet .
What dressing would you like on the salad ?
I beg your pardon ?
Sorry , it's not available now . Anything else ?
Will you say it again ?
I ’ ll be away for a moment .
Look ! I ’ v been watching that man down in the street . He keeps peeping into the shop . Keep your eyes skinned for that guy , will you ?
Is there something wrong ? You look so sad .
No wonder you look so upset . Have you called the police ?
Hi , Doris . You look a little bit down . What's the matter ?
Really !
How do you feel about that ?
Mm , so what are you going to miss about Japan ?
What especially about the night life are you going to miss ?
How are the clubs different in Japan than in London ?
Ahh ... What a fine day ! I do feel like an outdoor exercise .
OK . It's delightful to have a walk in the park with the air so fresh .
Don't you see many people over there ? Just on your left .
You are late again , Maria . The teacher is about to come .
Oh , Ben has been cooking for us since I started attending this evening class . The good thing is , he has made great progress in cooking .
How about your one-year-old baby ?
How sweet of them ! I have to work in the day time , study at night , and do housework during my spare time . I really hope I have eight arms and legs , like an octopus .
When is your Adult College Entrance Exam ?
Oh , my Adult College Entrance Exam is also around then . I don't know if I can pass it .
Steve , when are you going back to America ?
what's the matter with you ? You look so upset and tired .
Oh , that's really tough .
I can understand . By the way , is there anyway I can help ?
Oh , that's so great , bless you ! if you need me , I'll always be there .
How did you two meet ?
Have we met ?
Hello , Michael . My name's Shirley . Pleased to meet you .
I work in marketing . I'm a regional marketing manager for an IT company . Normally , I work out of Beijing , but I'm here on business . My friend Judy over there , she lives here and she invited me to this party . And you ? How about you ?
Well , what a nice day !
But it was not at all so fine yesterday .
Did it ?
I was fast asleep , and didn't hear a thing .
Maybe . I see some dark clouds moving in .
It'll be dusty , too , I guess .
Why is that ?
I see . The fall in Beijing is really beautiful .
Then what about spring ?
It must be cold in the winter , though .
Thanks for reminding me .
I hear you're being sent to Madrid for the annual conference . Is that right ?
Are you serious ? You haven't even been anywhere on vacation ?
Well , being able to go to the conference sounds like such a great opportunity . Have you applied at the embassy for a visa yet ?
You leave next Tuesday , right ? What time is your flight ?
If your flight is leaving so early , I can take you to the airport and see you off . I'll still be able to make it into the office by 9 .
I've been thinking of taking I've been thinking of taking a Crazy English course.Do you think it's a good idea
Really ? Do you think English is that important ?
Great ! It's always better to do things with a friend .
No , I left it at home.Sorry !
So , do you want to go somewhere for dinner and practice our English together tonight ?
No problem . I just got paid.It ' s my treat .
Forget it ! That's what friends are for ! Besides , I have a VIP card for a discount .
What are you and Corey doing for Valentine ’ s Day this Friday ?
You have to do something romantic .
Well , you have three kids , so you knew what it meant once upon a time !
Do you take a bus to and from work ?
Hmm . I have the same problem . When I leave work , it ’ s always rush hour.So the buses are always crowded .
That sounds terrible the way you describe it . But you know , not long ago I really suffered on the bus .
You just can ’ t imagine ! I waited for the first bus but it was too full , so I waited for the second , and it was still very crowded . Then I decided not to wait for the next one , and got on the second bus . It was so full that I had to stand on one foot ! No kidding !
Yeah , absolutely !
You were so happy , weren ’ t you ?
I think it's high time we had lunch .
I am sorry for that . I was so attracted by the beautiful scenery .
Are you busy with your work ?
Yes , I'm very busy , too . Sometimes I work overtime .
Just so so . But we can travel twice every year .
Yes , we won't travel again until October .
What a beautiful sweater !
Yes , and it goes beautifully with your pants .
Let's go for a drink after work .
What kind of sport do you often do ?
I used to swim a lot , but now I'm taking gym classes .
I can't believe the boss was absent from today's meeting .
Any chance of using your telephone ?
Hey Jack . How's it going ?
What ! With who ?
Did you guys go on a date already ?
Does she have a boyfriend ?
Dude , you're a stalker man . Just ask her on a date .
So why do you think you're in love ?
That's called blind love . Well , I gotta run . Tell me how it goes next week .
Your husband is very helpful , isn't he ?
Really ?
Henry married Rose only after her father's money , didn't he ?
But he seems to be very happy with Rose .
Hey , David . Where did you get the sofa ? It's so beautiful . Look at the color , I really love this yellow , so bright ! It must be very expensive .
Are you kidding ? $ 100 for this big leather sofa ?
Is it a used one ?
I am tired of everything in my life .
You don ’ t know that I have been over-protected by my mother these years . I am really about to leave the family and spread my wings .
Would you mind going to dinner with me tonight ?
Ikebana , it's an art of flowers and it's quite different from Western style flower arrangement because in Ikebana's theory you can decorate one flower , only with one flower .
Japanese art ? Mm , Ikebana ! Tea Ceremony !
Tea Ceremony ! It's , there's a certain way you have to make tea , not only make tea , there's a certain way to for example wipe a bowl .
Yes , with one piece of cloth , and you need to learn how to fold the cloth so that you you use each part of the cloth only once to wipe the bowl
So , you finally got your doctorate in genetics . Well done !
What are you thinking of doing ?
There must be several private companies that are interested in employing someone like you . You could do some research for a university . There ’ s a lot of discussion about genetics nowadays . Someone wit
What newspaper are you reading ?
Why don't you read the local newspaper ?
New York Times is better ?
Don't be too sad . If you really think that you have no feeling with him , then , in my opinion , getting divorced maybe is the best way to solve the problem .
Yeah , child is the matter . Don't tell Jenny the truth , only tell her the white lie . When she grows up , you find the suitable opportunity to tell her .
Mark . Where have you been ? I ’ Ve been calling you all morning .
What ? So you blew me off yesterday and today over a stupid video game ? What game is so important that you have no time for me anymore ? What are you playing ?
You ’ Ve been wasting your time on this ? I can ’ t believe it ! It doesn ’ t even look fun or challenging !
Fine !
Hey , that ’ s a very nice hairdo you ’ re wearing !
You did it yourself ? Wow , you are good !
Hey , Lily ! You won't believe what happened in class today !
A man sent Miss Smith flowers , and Bryan got kicked out of class !
Me , too . I miss you . Are you any better ?
Does your wife work ?
Oh , I understand . She cooks , cleans and takes care of children . Is that right ?
What kinds of Tv programs do you enjoy watching ?
I like those kinds of programs too . They ’ re very informative . I think that many people underrate the education value of Tv .
Yeah . And that ’ s so funny because most people prefer watching sex and violence to watching something more educational !
In my country , there ’ s a time limit on the advertisements that can be shown . I think it ’ s about six minutes per hour .
No . they don ’ t . they simply charge higher prices at peak times . Is there no limit on the amount of advertisements that can be shown on Tv in your country ?
Some people have satellite and cable Tv in my country , but people don ’ t seem to keen to pay for their Tv programs . Besides , the terrestrial channels offer a good range of programs .
Hi , Ann . I was wondering if you are free tomorrow night ?
I've just gotten a pair of pre-sale Star Wars movie tickets from a friend and was thinking of inviting you along for the opening premiere . Are you interested ?
My pleasure .
A friend of mine works at the corporate headquarters of Pepsi , which is a major sponsor of the movie . He was able to get the tickets for free , and then he sold two more for me for 50 dollars a piece .
Not really . Considering the fact that other people were willing to pay as much as 200 dollars each on the black market . Besides , I knew you were really looking forward to watching Star Wars on the opening day .
Well , let's see . The movie stars at 10 . We should be there at least 1 hour earlier , because there is a big line . I could pick you up at your house at 8 , if that's ok with you .
Okay .
Yeah , that's great . I'll see you tomorrow night .
Hurry up ! Mom , I can't wait any more .
OK , Mom . Can I swim now ? I want to learn butterfly stroke .
Mom , it's so terrible . Water went down into my throat and I almost got drowned .
Oh , Mom , I think I'm not the right person for swimming .
Right , I'll make up my mind . Please correct me if any of my movements go wrong .
Really ? I can't believe it . Everything is possible to a willing heart .
Yes , like a dolphin . Am I on the right track ?
Hi.Ed , what's up ?
Doesn't look like it to me .
Woo , easy .
What are you so ticked off about ?
Maybe I could help .
You've got be joking .
Do you like playing table tennis ?
When did you start it ?
Don't just stand outside . Come on in .
This is Alex . Remember ? This is Sean .
Over there are Stacy and Rebecca . We're all on the school's tennis team .
That's my boyfriend Matt . Isn't he cute ?
Don ’ t you think that ’ s good idea to hold a party outside ?
How about going to a concert ?
Hello , Jack here .
I ’ m working . I often work late on Thursday . I ’ m busy this week .
Tomorrow ? No , I am afraid I won ’ t be able to . I ’ m going on business to Birmingham .
Sorry , I never go out on Saturday evening . I always watch football on Saturday evening .
Next Tuesday ? Just a moment . It will be the twenty-first of May ? Oh , dear . Hum , I promised my aunt I ’ ll be at her birthday party .
Let me see . Yes , Mary . Let ’ s make it next Wednesday .
I lost all my lottery winnings playing the stock market .
I hear you're moving to New York .
Well , we'll certainly miss you in Boston .
Let's keep in touch .
What's a good place for sightseeing ?
we are going out for dinner tonight . Are you coming , Betty ?
oh , Jake made a reservation at Friday's .
yes , the one with the R $ D team . Is that a problem ?
why did you say so ?
oh , really ?
are you kidding me ? How could he behave like that ?
what a shame ! Didn't he realized that ?
maybe he should really something about eating etiquette .
Hey Matt . I just got a job at a consulting firm .
I'm so happy . I don't have to worry about finding a job and interviewing anymore .
I start next Monday .
I know . I'm a little nervous , but it's pretty exciting .
Yeah . I'm going to celebrate tonight . Wanna hang out ?
Of course . How about Toby ? Should we call him ?
I should still tell him . In the least , I can refer him to my company . It might help .
So , did I tell you about my New Year ’ s resolution ? I ’ Ve decided to go on a diet .
Exactly ! I ’ m going to cut out all that junk I eat , no more chips , no more soda , no more fried food .
But this time I ’ m going to stick to it . I really mean it ! Trust me , Carol , I ’ m going to be a new man in one year ’ s time !
Can I help you ?
Do you have your syllabus with you ? May I see it ?
Let me see . Oh yes . Your professor has placed this book on reserve . That means you cannot find it on the shelves in its usual place . You need to go to a special room called the reserve room . It's down the hall and to the right .
You see , your professor wants every one in the class to read the chapter . If one student removes the book from the library , it is likely that none of the other students will have the opportunity to read it . So , your professor has insured that all students have the opportunity to read it by placing it on reserve .
Yes , when a book is on reserve , a student can go to the reserve room and ask the reserve librarian for the book . The student can have the book for a few hours , and he or she MUST read it in the library during that time . That way , the book stays in the library , and all students have a chance to read it .
Will there be anything else ?
The government has to face a lot of social problems now .
But it is very difficult for any government to handle it efficiently .
How time flies !
I can still remember our first date .
Yeah , oh my god ! It ’ s still there . We have our first date right on there .
You seemed to be dull at that time .
( Smile ) I can ’ t believe this for it ’ s been 20 years since we got married .
I couldn ’ t have been any happier !
Good morning Mike !
I am having an exam at 9 o'clock , It's already 8 thirty .
Thank you very much !
Very well , thanks , I will probably finish next week , but this is still a lot of work , I have been worked on in for six months , and i ' m so closed to end . I can fill in .
Yes , It's only 8 forty . Thanks so much !
Merry Christmas , Mr . Wang . I would like to give you the book I specially chose as my appreciation for your sincere help to me in the past few days .
I hope it will be of some use to you .
Excuse me , could you tell me how much is the ticket ?
That's great !
I would back him up to the hilt anyway .
He's my brother .
What can I do for you ?
You can apply for one here .
If you like , you can apply right now .
I ’ m going to need you to complete this application .
Then I will take your picture for your passport .
Your passport will be ready in a few weeks .
Her dress looks funny .
Are you kidding She is behind the times . That style went out last year .
Well , you ’ re really as out-dated as she is .
Hey , Sandy . Do you want to go to the ETV with us ?
What date is today ?
Didn't you notice the roses everywhere ?
Oh , God . I just forgot it . I should have brought roses for my girlfriend .
What's your favorite sport ?
Is the entrance charge expensive ?
Haha , jogging ? Perhaps it might be a bit too boring ?
I'll need a parking permit for next semester .
I only attend class part-time in the evenings .
I have both , but I usually use my car to get to school .
I'll pay cash .
No , thank you .
Thanks for lunch . It was delicious .
Next time lunch is on me .
I'm serious .
Guess , what I ’ Ve bought for you .
I hope you like it .
What a terrible house !
The door bell doesn't work , the sink is leaking , there's no hot water , and the building is falling apart !
Oh , no . It looks like we're late .
There're so many people here . Where are Rich and Cath and Taylor's parents ?
That was such a touching speech . He must have really known Taylor well .
Mary , Pam and I are going to the mall later to buy some new clothes . Do you want to come ?
Pam and I are wondering if you'd like to go to the mall with us .
Sink ?
Mary , you're going to have to work on your pronunciation .
... The rings please . May this ring be blessed so he who gives it and she who wears it may abide in peace , and continue in love until life ’ s end .
Honey , that ’ s my pinkie . The ring goes on the ring finger !
That ’ s my index finger !
Umm ... that ’ s the thumb , Nick .
Have you heard about Michael's new home ? It's in one of the poshest areas in this area .
No , he's living in an old house in Warton .
That's the one .
He didn't buy it . His grandfather died recently and left him loads of money .
No one in the family expected to get a dime from him . It was quite a surprise .
He still has a complaint though .
He wanted to live right on a bus line , but he doesn't . so , if he wants to take a bus anywhere , he has to walk 1/4 mile to get to a bus stop .
It's said that the government will clamp down on the new policy .
I am not certain about that .
I couldn ’ t believe you should crack such a joke to them .
You carried it too far . You obviously offended someone .
hello . Where are you headed today ?
do you have your passport with you ?
fortunately for you , you don't . Next time , if you have any questions about visas , you should try to find out before you get to the airport .
would you like a window seat or an aisle seat ?
let me see here ... yes , there's one left .
alright . How many pieces of luggage are you checking in ?
if that's your only piece of luggage , it is small enough to carry on with you . Would you like to do that so you don't have to wait in luggage reclaim once you arrive ?
I think it's important that all people have the ability to read .
Hey , Cindy , I ’ m so sorry about yesterday . I shouldn ’ t have yelled at you in front of everyone .
I don ’ t know what happened to me . I just lost it .
We can't wait any longer ...
You'll knock yourself out the way you've worked.Why don't you slow down ?
All right.Now that everybody's here . Shall we be getting started ? Miss Lin , are you ready ?
Excuse me , Miss Lin.Would you mind speaking up , please ? I can't hear you very well .
Mark , you've been coming home late these days . What are you busy doing ?
How many hours do you work each day now ?
That's tough indeed ! Do you think your health can afford ?
Surely you'll be paid extra for overtime , but do you think it's really worth ?
Oh , yes . Money comes faster in that way than otherwise .
Which sports are popular in your country ?
Do many people like tennis ?
In my country , many people enjoy golf , but it is too expensive for some people . A few people like extreme sports , but I think the vast majority of people are afraid to try them .
I know loads of people who play it regularly . There are plenty of golf courses around the country . In the past , only a tiny number of people played .
Trina , will you marry me ?
Oh , Babe , I can ’ t wait to spend the rest of my life with you ! I can ’ t wait for all the adventures we ’ re going to have , for all the fights and the laughter . I can ’ t wait to grow old and wrinkly with you .
She what ?
Four hundred ?
Ah ...
Wow .
No . 164 in lane 3 achieved 11 ' 16 in the 100 meter dash . Isn't that something ?
He won the first place !
When is your vacation going to start ?
Oh , that's only a few days from now ! How many weeks are you going to be taking ?
Where are you going now .
Have you made your hotel reservation yet ?
You're lucky . It's hard to find a place to stay at the beach in August
What a hot day !
Where are you going this summer vacation ?
Do you want to go to the beach there ?
The same to you .
I don't think I'm getting better .
Hey John . I have some great news .
I got a job offer from Dell .
I thought I did bad on the interview , but I guess I was wrong . I'm so happy right now .
Thanks . I feel like celebrating . Let's go have a beer . It's on me .
What would you like to drink ? Tea or coffee ?
So , you also like Coffee ?
Me too , but I think we shouldn't drink too much of it , as it's not very healthy .
But I also heard that coffee and its caffeine content , serve as a drug on the human body that negatively affects the central nervous system , as well as other organs , and leads to addiction
Well , I adjust going to have to disagree with you . A healthy body wakes up without caffeine !
You may try to have some alternatives and see how you feel .
May I have two tickets for Tiny Times ?
2:30 , please .
Sorry , we have student cards . We can get discounts with these , can't we ?
Whoa . Now I'm awake ! Zina has a secret admirer .
I know what you mean . I can't stand computer geeks .
Do you have brothers and sisters ?
Oh , I have an elder sister . She is married .. Her husband is a businessman .
I don't know how to deal with Jack . He is indeed a trouble maker . He has loused up my business several times .
Yeah .
Mike , what are you doing tonight ?
I don't feel like drinking tonight . I'm gonna hang out at YY's .
Yeah , but it's expensive . Nah , I'm going to YY's .
They ' Ve just renovated the place . You may be surprised .
Quite a difference , huh ?
Ah hah.Thought you were't drinking .
Hey , Rose , how are you feeling ?
Oh , Look at the baby.It ' s so beautiful.Is it a boy or a girl ?
Can I hold it for a moment ?
Oh , how adorable ! She's got your eyes .
When are you returning home ?
Mom , have we got any cookies ?
I know , but I'm hungry .
Are you cold ?
I wonder if we can change the temperature .
There must be buttons . How do they turn it on and off ?
Well , they have it too cold in here . I want to be warmer . I won't be able to sleep .
What did they say about the air conditioning ?
That's stupid . How can I sleep in this ?
hello ! How are you today ?
it ’ s not use worrying about it now . you ’ Ve done test and you can ’ t change any of your answers .
let ’ s go and get a coffee together . That will help you to wake up again !
oh , you know me . I ’ m always happy ! If I think I ’ m getting into a bad mood , I call some friends and socialize or have a chat .
I hate spending too much time at home . I get bored of it really quickly . I ’ m always excited about going out to party or other social event and meeting people .
Hey , Lily , what are you doing ?
You mean the boy you met on MSN ?
You must be joking . You can't fall in love with someone you've never met !
I think it's just a crush . You can't be serious .
Did you tell him ?
You shouldn't take it too seriously . It might be a lie .
The new computer software is driving me crazy ! I really need a break !
That ’ s what I ’ Ve heard . But as far as I ’ m concerned , it takes a genius to figure it out . Can you pass the sugar , please ?
So , Is this your first time to TAIWAN ?
Oh , really ? And you are from the State , right ?
Oh , I am so sorry .
Susan is going to get a divorce .
She told me that peter and she has a quarrel last nigh , and she left this morning , bag and baggage .
Tomorrow will be my first day at work , what do you think I should be wearing ?
Indeed , I found most of the employees dress casually when I went to the interview . Only the manager was in suit and tie and he just came back from a ceremony . It seems that their dress code is not that formal . Probably , I should put on car key and simple shirt .
Ye Ting , who are these people in the picture ?
So you have two brothers ?
Are you going out again ?
You mustn't go to bed very late . Can you be home before nine .
No . I won't let you ride a bicycle late at night .
OK . Here's the key . Take care .
Hello . Could I speak to Justin , please ?
Oh , hi Justin . This is Karen Hepburn.We met at Chris and Jim's party .
Great . Uh , Justin , would you like to see Otis Lesley on Thursday night ? He's at the Kangaroo Club .
Oh ... that's too bad .
Actually , are you doing anything on Friday or Saturday ? He's playing those two nights as well .
At eight sharp.How about meeting in front of the club at about a quarter after seven ?
Sure !
OK . I'll take your bet , as long as the winner gets to pick the movie . What about you , Nick ?
Why not ! I rolled a five . The category is Best Pictures .
I know that , it's The English Patient . It was one of the only good American movies of the 90s .
I often go to a place of leisure .
I very much like to go to a cafe and doze in the afternoon sunshine .
The coffee , books , music and sunshine are just beautiful there .
I may take you there some day .
So Jen , what did you think of William ? Did you guys have a nice time on your first date ?
You said all that on the first date ? Alright ... Well are you two going out again ?
I think Andy's party will be fun .
What's that ?
Sure . Oh , that reminds me . Could I borrow your black leather boots ?
That sounds pretty good . But isn't downloading music illegal ?
OK , I'm going to get iTunes and download some Vanilla Ice songs .
Do you believe in god ?
I ’ m not sure . Why don ’ t you believe there is a god ?
I basically believe in science over theology . I mean , I believe in evolution for example . However , there are many things that science hasn ’ t explained yet .
For example ?
Cindy , I have this room to myself ?
It's twice as big as my room in Taiwan !
I think I'm going to like it here .
Wow , I have my own bathroom !
Joe , how are you doing ?
I am free that night , and a party sounds good .
I kind of know where you live , but could you e-mail me your address ?
I would really like to bring my friend Jake , if that would be OK .
Would you like some help with the food ?
Come on in . Make yourself at home .
Are you Elvin ?
I'm Mary . I want to say I really admire the software you're designed .
It is ?
I wish you would not be so selfish .
But you should at least consider your son's future .
We ’ re going to the movies . Will you join us ?
Why not ?
Then would you like to have lunch with us ?
Would you like me to give you a lift ?
Come on . It ’ s no trouble at all .
Way to go ! It seems beautiful and very delicious .
Is this the A housing office ?
I was hoping to get into something on campus , but my friend told me that everything is full .
Please . And in the mean time , can I look at apartments available in the area from this office ?
Who do I talk to if I want I to see some of them ?
Hello , let me introduce myself . I'm your neighbor . My name is Shirley .
Nice to meet you , too .
Here is a little gift for your family . It's a calendar with all the community events on it . I hope it can be helpful .
Since we are neighbors , if you need any help or anything , please come to me .
Oh , don't worry about that here . There are security guards on duty 24 hours a day and they patrol all over the neighborhood . You know , they are all very strong .
Of course . There is a Carrefour near the neighborhood . I'll show you there if you want to .
By the way , a party will be held for new neighbors the day after tomorrow . I hope I can see you there .
Dave , wake up .
It's seven-thirty . I want to know who left this note on my desk .
It's a little green post-it note , stuck right in the middle of my computer screen .
I know I ’ m going to bite the dust going down this hill . I almost got killed on the chair lift ! This is going to be so embarrassing .
This is only your second time skiing . This is definitely a case of the blind leading the blind .
I don ’ t think I can get up enough nerve to do this .
No ! ! !
Are you busy next Saturday ?
I need to get a costume for a fancy dress party , and I reply don't know what to get . Will you come shopping with me ?
One of the girls in my office .
There is no specie occasion . She just likes to organize parties from time to time . This time it is a country theme .
Well where am I going to get that sort of costume ?
Oh good .
What do you think of when you're praying ?
Does that help you faith ?
Tom ! How are you ? We missed you at the party last night . Are you OK ?
Come on.We ’ Ve been through this already ! Look , I know the adjustment was hard when you first got here , but we agreed that you were gonna try and deal with it .
Yeah , it can get pretty lonely over the holidays . When I first got here , I ’ d get depressed and nostalgic for anything that reminded me of home . I almost let it get to me , but then I started going out , keeping myself busy and before I knew it , I was used to to it .
OK . how does this sound . let ’ s get you suited up and hit the dance club tonight . I hear that an awesome DJ is playing and there will be a lot of pretty single girls there !
Not at all ! It be fun ! It will be like a boys ’ night out ... well kinda ...
Excuse me ? Is this where I register ? I ’ d like to sign up for my courses for next semester .
Here you are .
Yes . I do want to take some additional credits this year to get a minor in psychology .
Yeah . Here ’ s my list . I ’ m not sure if the class schedule will allow me to take all of them though .
Oh yeah ! Almost forgot ! I need to take fundamental linguistics , consumer psychology and neuroanatomy .
I used to be down on the sales people until I saw her in action .
Most salespeople seem like half-brains . Zina's definitely an exception .
It seems like it rains every time we plan a picnic .
You are late . What ’ s the deal ?
Has Alan shown up yet ?
I wonder what happened .
Last week his sister was admitted to the hospital .
His sister had a car accident last week .
She is still in a coma .
This cake is excellent . Where did you buy it ?
Excuse me . Mr . Li . May I ask you some questions ?
Can you tell me how many credits would be enough for a Bachelor's degree ?
How long does it take to earn a Bachelor's degree ?
I would much rather see her once or twice and not do anything about it — — what could I about it anyway ?
Don ’ t you think she is a bit out of my way ?
If I do try to do anything , I ’ d only be sent off with a flea in my ear .
Excuse me . Have you got the time ?
Does your watch keep good time ?
Thanks for the loan .
I haven't danced for a long time .
We must go to a dance soon , or we'll forget how to dance .
I've been studying hard for my examinations . And you ?
Why have you been learning Japanese ? Why not English ?
Well , we'll both have to start learning all the new dances .
Come in and have some coffee , Anna . The kids have just gone out to the mall to hang out with their friends .
They spend hours there , especially on weekends .
I know several . But wouldn ’ t it be easier to take the shirt back and exchange it for the right size ?
No , it ’ s easy . We ’ ll just take the shirt back to the men ’ s department and show them the sales slip . They ’ ll exchange it for the correct size or give you a refund .
Sure . I love going to the mall .
Come on , you must tell me everything about him .
Hmm ...
Oh , how long ?
OK . OK . You'd better tell me what he does .
Really ?
Fine .
My wife gave birth to our first child today .
Man , I ’ m freaking out ! You gotta help me !
I can ’ t go through with this ! I just can ’ t ! I ’ m not ready for marriage ! What was I thinking ? I ’ m only thirty five years old ! I ’ Ve got my entire life ahead of me , adventures waiting ! I can ’ t settle down yet !
I know . I know !
You ’ re right . I ’ m being crazy ! Ok , I ’ m ready , let ’ s do this !
Yesterday was April the first .
Not for the others , but for me . I was in the library going over my lessons when suddenly one of my roommates came in . He told me that I was wanted on the phone in my dormitory , and that person would call me again several minutes later .
Yes . I went back to the dorm only to find my roommates laughing and shouting " April Fool , April Fool " .
You look great today . And so beautiful . I love your elegant haircut .
Hey Jack . Are you excited about starting work ?
What was more exciting , starting college or starting work ?
For me , I think starting school was more exciting .
It's different for everyone , but because I knew school was going to be so much fun , I really got excited about it .
That's a great attitude to have . I don't think you'll have any problems in the workforce .
So did you get in touch with your brother ?
Well , it'd be foolish to call the police . He probably just went away overnight .
Hi , Mark , did you catch the game last night ?
You didn ’ t hear ? Spain won , two to zero .
How were things in the Tokyo branch when you were there ?
Do you see the trend continuing over the next few months ?
Why would you say that ?
I'll say ! Sometimes they just do things really differently . But one thing I can say , they are really hospitable .
Morning .
Fine , thank you .
Yeah . It ’ s pretty cold , alright .
No , I didn ’ t hear about that .
No , I don ’ t like football .
She ’ s my wife ! Oh , here ’ s my floor ! Nice talking to you . Goodbye .
You look hot and tired . Jack , have you been exercising ?
Who won ?
What was the score ?
You'll have to take a make-up exam in logic .
Sorry to say you failed .
May I help you ?
Do you need anything else ?
This is all you want to check out ?
I ’ m going to need your library card .
You ’ ll need to take care of the video .
We will fine you if you damage it .
Hi , how are you doing ?
Same here.Have you seen any new films recently ?
Oh . really ? I saw it two years ago . It's worth seeing and it's thought-provoking .
It reflects some of our difficulties in this ever-changing world .
Well , it's said that a lot of young people favor getting married quickly which tend to end quickly too .
Oh , that's too short-lived .
II can't agree more . The only-child-generation in China tends to know little about marriage .
In their mind , love is nothing but passion and marriage is over once the passion is gone .
Which is your preference , tea or coffee ?
When did you form this hobby ?
How do you get paid ? If you don't mind my asking .
And in the meantime , how do you pay the rent ?
What ? In your cubicle ?
Excuse me . Have you forgotten our drinks ?
Why is it taking so long ?
There is something wrong with this dish .
I don't think this is fresh .
I've been looking forward to the new semester .
Hope so .
Really ? I hope we will do much better under her guidance .
I am considering going for the new job that was posted yesterday .
It may not be the best choice for me , but I am considering it .
I believe that this job would allow me to move up but might be a little boring for me .
Also , the matter of pay is also a consideration .
Yes , sometimes giving up a little to move forward is the best choice .
What do you do ?
How much do you make a month ?
I wish I could unsay the sharp words to him . He must hate me very much .
I don't know . I think you might be over the hill .
Mountain biking is an Olympic sport ?
What ’ s your city like ?
Is the traffic bad in the city centre ?
What about restaurants and entertainment ?
Is there a lot of nightlife in your city ?
It sounds like a really exciting city to live in .
When do you celebrate Thanksgiving ?
What do you eat on that day ?
Anything else ?
Great party , isn ’ t it ?
By the way , my name is Liu Wei .
What do you do , Susan ?
I work for the Bank of China , in the International Section .
Oh , please ! Don't be so old-fashioned ! It's totally safe .
All I did so far was make a bid on the Buddha . It was easy !
I think that ’ s settled .
How dare you speak to me like this .
Honey , I ’ ll be right back !
I told you already ! I ’ m going to get my nails done .
Well , first of all , I like to pamper myself , and my nails look great . You should come with me !
They don ’ t only paint my nails ! The manicurist will remove my cuticles , file my nails , and apply at least nails coats of nail polish !
Excuse me . Do you have a minute ? I'd like to tell you about the Bucky Card .
Do you know about the Bucky Card ?
The Bucky Card is a great way for you to save money while you have a good time here at school.It gives you discounts on all kinds of things . Movies , pizza , clothing , school supplies .
The Card doesn't actually give you discounts on beer.But it will give you discounts on certain club cover charges.So if you want to see your favorite band at Amy's or Cosmo's Club , you get a discount on the entrance fee .
Usually it's two dollars off the cover price .
This pamphlet shows you what restaurants and movie theaters have discounts.And twice every semester we will send you a new issue of the pamphlet.The Bucky Card has just started.Every couple months we have new businesses joining our program.It ' s a great way for students to save money !
It costs only 19 dollars a year for a card .
But think of how much money you'll save ! You can use it for a year .
who are you writing a letter to ?
OK . I guess I could add something . Tell them that I send my love .
well , maybe you could tell them about my promotion .
just today . I guess I forgot to mention it .
shouldn't we finish writing this letter first ?
it is good news , but it looked like you were almost finished . We might as well just sign off .
I guess you can write that I'm looking forward to seeing them in June .
and also thank them from the bottom of my heart for the Christmas package they sent us .
what would you do without me ?
May I help you with something ?
What happened to this book ?
I ’ m going to have to charge you for the damage .
It ’ s only $ 5 .
I know it ’ s not .
Thank you for your payment .
He is penny wise and pound-foolish .
The trash of the world he sets high price upon , but the heavenly things he shamefully undervalues .
Hey , Tom . You look tired . Are you all right ?
How come ?
Don't you like games
Me too . Recently , I've made many friends on the net . Every day I talk to them and share many interesting things with them .
I'm afraid not . To me getting in touch with each other has more fun than the coolest computer games or the hottest information .
What's the weather like in your city ?
The summer temperature usually often reaches about 20 or25 in my city.the rain falls mostly in the winter.and we often get snow .
In winter temperature often falls to zero at night temperature can be below that.the streets are often icing in the morning.with high such temperatures you must get some thunderstorms .
We do have a few foggy days in winter.but i would not say we have a lot of fogs.the sky are usually clearly over your city , are they ?
Have you ever had snow in your city ?
The river in my city sometime freeze over.people go ice-skating on it.on summer people go boating on the river.but few people go swimming because it is not very clean .
I used to think that Americans had so much money they didn ’ t know what to do with it .
Yes . But now I ’ Ve learned differently . Now I have a more realistic opinion .
There are lots of jobs , and almost everybody works . There is a high standard of living . People earn a lot , but they spend a lot to live . So there isn ’ t so much money after all .
I am exhausted . I need some sleep .
I twisted and turned all night , and couldn ’ t sleep . I was worried about my mother ’ s health .
Fairly warm this morning , isn't it ?
Say , how about a walk along the river ?
How do you like other films starring Charlie Chaplin ?
You don't like the performance , do you ?
Lots of elderly people want peace and quiet in their old age , but young people want an unconstrained life .
What if old people are in poor health and need to be looked after ?
When I ’ m old , I ’ ll also be like that .
I went to visit a customer in IVS Company the other day . Their offices were very impressive , especially their company Logo which is all over the place . There are Logo models in metal , copper , clove , paper . They are even printed on the wall paper and the balls of the table-lights . It is really decorated identity .
Not at all ! I like the design so much . The designer must have thought really hard to come out with such a brilliant concept .
Oh , Linda . You must be so excited about going to study in America .
Well , I am sure you will .
What is the matter ?
Yes ?
Oh , listen , you'll soon learn , and I am sure they will explain to you how they like to get prepared .
So what did you think about the movie ?
Really ? I don't agree . This Star Wars episode was incredible !
Well , one of the most spectacular things about this one was the special effects . State of the art special effects are the main reason for the success of previous episodes , so audiences have high expectations for this one , and I don't think they will be disappointed .
It's kind of cool that they are still using the same Star Wars theme song for this movie .
I know exactly what you mean . Hearing that song gives me a nostalgic feeling .
Do you think that they had anything to do with the casting of the movie ?
Well , maybe . But I like the little kid who played Manakin Skywalker . I can't imagine anyone else playing that role .
I've no idea . But looking at the success of Star Wars episode , I've a strong feeling production for the next episode will be selling pretty soon . I hope It will be even better than this one .
Well , I think we should go now . It's getting pretty late .
Well , you know what , don ’ t do it , ‘ cause the minute you do , they lose all respect for you .
Out of hand .
Where ’ d you meet him ?
About what ?
Excuse me ?
What's so special today ?
Didn't you notice all the roses ?
Oh , God . I just forget it .
No . But now he will be in bigger trouble ! What's a boyfriend for ? Forget about Valentine's Day ?
Oh , it's Clive .
Excuse me for a while.Clive asked me out to a movie ! Do you want to join us ?
So what ?
John , I ’ d like you to meet Charles Brown , our new manager at the airport .
He is short , well-built , and he ’ s got light blond hair .
He has a mustache , if I remember correctly , and a light complexion .
He is in his late thirties .
Hi , Tony . You look unhappy . What's wrong ?
What happened ?
What on earth are you talking about ?
What were you thinking ?
But what you should do is study hard .
Hello , John . How are you ?
Very well , thanks . Nice to see you again . I haven't seen you for a long time . What have you been doing lately ?
Fine , thanks . I've been busy lately .
I've been studying for my exams . My school exams will begin next month .
Thanks . And how are your parents ?
Where are you going now ?
I can't . I have to meet someone .
Good evening . Welcome to our program .
Would you tell us your name , please ?
Glad to meet you , Ms.Baker .
Where are you from , Ms.Baker ?
What do you do for a living ?
I ’ m tired , Larry . Can we have a break ?
I know , but I ’ m really tired . My stomach feels funny .
I was too excited to sleep last night . I didn ’ t go to sleep until quite late .
About 2 o ’ clock in the morning .
About 2 o ’ clock .
You did , but I can ’ t help it .
Which one do I choose ? I don ’ t want to give up , but I really feel tired .
Man , that sunset is beautiful . I ’ Ve never seen one so red .
Really ?
I never knew that .
Well , we ’ Ve already done our part .
Don ’ t worry . I ’ m getting more sleep these days . The baby ’ s finally growing up a little more .
Happy New Year , Jim !
Yeah , I'm going to the Temple Fair with my family .
Henry , don ’ t get out of doing housework .
You mean that is my business .
I ’ m your wife , not a housewife . I have my own work .
Darling , I have news for you . Bobby and his wife , Evelyn , are going to have a baby soon .
Actually they ’ re expecting the baby to come on my birthday .
In fact , they ’ re both very excited about the coming baby . Evelyn imagines what their baby would be look like , since one parent is American and the other one is Chinese .
It ’ s still a mystery . Because Evelyn is only three-month pregnant . But she begins to take her maternity leave now .
I want to know how to buy something from this machine .
I want to buy one of those snack things .
I'm clear so far .
It won't go in !
Yes , next step .
They're totally unreliable .
Hello , Lily .
When I come late , there ’ s usually nothing left .
I ’ ll have the leg of lamb .
How may I help you ?
Have you checked the database ?
Was it on the shelf ?
Maybe someone took it .
I ’ m sure we will .
I sure will .
do you have internet in your room ?
really ? What do you usually do online ?
I never chatted online before . What's it like .
really ? Who do you chat with ?
that's amazing . I will install an online messenger program when I get home .
What are you doing now , Steven ?
Oh , my God . Do you want to be a millionaire ? I can see you are very crazy about money .
No , you are wrong . Money can't buy happiness and health . I won't sacrifice my health in order to get money . In other words , I don't want to be a millionaire and I want to have more free time to enjoy life .
Maybe you are right . Please take care of yourself when you make money . Anyway health is the most important thing .
It's the 17th week now , isn't it ?
Oh , the final exam is coming soon . I feel a little bit nervous .
No , I haven't began my preparations .
Great . You can help me a lot with English .
Have you ever been to any other country ?
That's also my dream .
You are blue in the face , arn't you ?
But supposing your son killed like the fish , what do you think then ?
You ’ re all set now ?
Really , it was nothing .
I was happy to help .
Don ’ t mention it .
Let's get together this weekend .
What time is it , Tom ?
Is it ? I had no idea it was so late . I must be off now .
I must catch the nine-thirty train .
Are you still at that work ?
What sort of job do you have in mind ?
But it's very tired .
What's your parents ' opinion ?
is this seat taken ?
thanks .
yes , on a business trip . How about you ?
yes , I went there once last summer .
I think it is amazing . You can enjoy both the traditional Chinese culture as well as the vitality of a modern cosmopolitan city . The only thing I didn't enjoy was the subway .
yes . There were always so many people . After taking the subway during the rush hour , you ’ ll envy sardines in their cans .
that's a good idea . Wish you a great vacation !
Do you like watching TV ?
What do you exactly mean by usually ?
We're forming a study group to prepare for the finals . Do you want to join us ?
After you try it once this way , I don't think you'll ever put off studying till the end again .
We plan to get together once a week .
We were talking about Wednesday evenings at the library , from seven to eight .
What is wrong with Peter ? He sure looks unhappy .
How foolish he is . The girl is inviting . She often makes a pass at boys .
Can you lend me your car ?
Peter , which club do you want to join ?
I am a member of the basketball club . Do you want to join us ?
You ’ re all set now ?
Really , it was nothing .
I was happy to help .
Don ’ t mention it .
Hi , Jason !
With the greatest pleasure ! Where is the concert held this evening ?
What is on the program ?
Hah ! OK . Let ’ s go together !
I'm tired of this job .
Good afternoon , would you mind if I sit here ?
I ’ m Jack . What ’ s your name ?
Do you like this place ?
How often ?
Who ’ s that ?
Do you like swimming ?
What shall I call him ?
What's he doing ?
Hi , John ! How was your vacation ?
That must have been wonderful . Do anything interesting ?
Wow , isn't that dangerous ?
Tell me about it .
500 feet ! I would never be able to do that .
It's a lovely day , isn't it ?
I love it when the weather is like this.Why don't we sit down outside and have our lunch ?
I really miss the change of seasons like we have in Colorado ; but I must admit , this sure is a nice spring day .
Okay.Hey , is that a dark cloud over there ? Do you think it will rain after all ?
Did you go to the movie yesterday ?
What did you think of it ?
I think it is the worst one I have ever seen .
I can't think the same .
There has been talk at school about canceling the concert .
Do you have the notes from last week's class ?
I couldn't make it .
I was sick .
Are these all of them ?
Thanks a bunch .
Excuse me , Professor . I think there might be an error in my test score .
I think that the percentage is incorrect .
Sure , let's do it .
I don't see any mistakes .
Yes , let's total it .
Yes , you're right .
A new film is on.Have you ever seen it ?
It's a feature film .
Mary , I heard you moved again .
You mean noise ? How could it be ?
What do you think of your teacher ?
And I hear he gives very good lectures .
What do you want to do tomorrow night ?
It's Friday . We should go party .
Okay . Stay home Sunday . But Friday we should go out dancing .
Yes ? Why not ?
They aren't alcoholic !
So where should we go ?
You always want to go to the Latin Club . I don't know those dance steps . I'd rather go to the New Bar .
It's not all techno music . It's not a special techno night .
It's fine with me if we go to the Latin Club . I like Latin Music.The only thing I never want to do again is listen to country rock.What was that bar called ?
No . It was that friend of yours , Melissa.Her and all her lousy country music Cds . Yecch !
Yes . You have to teach me the samba , and the tango , and whatever else they do .
David , do you think we are lucky to have the weekend ?
I agree with you . What do you want to do , except sleeping ?
I am better . I will go out to have a visit to my aunt . Why don't we have fun on weekend ?
And what's your vision ?
Mine's 20/20 . Life just isn't fair , is it ?
What do you mean ?
They don't have toilets at the campground ?
A funny thing happened to me the other day .
I was just thinking about someone I went to school with , this boy I was quite friendly with in third grade . We used to hang out together - he lived next door - but then my parents moved and I changed schools and never saw him again .
Well , I was walking down Nan Jing Dong Lu ( Nan-Jing E . Rd . ) during my lunch break thinking about this boy-I have no idea why I was thinking about him .
Yes . And suddenly I heard someone call my name . I turned around and there was this man looking at me . I didn't recognize him at all , but he obviously knew who I was .
You look tired . Did you sleep well last night ?
Hi , how ’ re you doing ?
Oh , what ’ s the matter ?
Oh , that ’ s too bad . Why don ’ t you take some aspirin ?
Well , it ’ s necessary for you to see a doctor .
Well , you ’ d better get some rest .
Did you hear the news ? Two of our major suppliers , Murphy Music and U-Tunes are merging ! If they are conglomerated into one company into one company , it would have some serious affects on our market strategy .
I read it myself on the financial page.They ' re really going to join together . U-Tunes was bought out by Murphy's , they will take over the company as of next month .
Daniel , would you like to have a look at my dorm ?
It is a small room , just for 4 people .
It only has 4 beds and 4 writing desks , but it is spacious and bright .
Of course . They are very friendly .
We are on the 5th floor , and there's a very nice view from the balcony .
Yes , that's a good idea .
I like hitchhiking.will you go with me ?
It's a pity.Say , how about a place near enough ?
New England .
Excuse me . Nature calls .
Julia , will you be my wife ?
Please , Julia , I have made proposal to you five times . I really want to share the rest of my life with you .
Julia , I really love you . I hope I can stay with you no matter you are happy or sad in future .
So , will you marry me ?
Yeah , it's really cute . But why a monkey suit ? Is Hello Kitty having an identity complex ?
You were born in the year of the monkey ?
What's the time ? My watch has stopped .
Is your watch right ?
How long will it take to learn English ? Will I be able to take other courses next semester or will English take up all of my time ?
You mean I could finish this course and still not know English ? You ’ Ve got to be kidding !
So do we have to stay in this English class forever ?
So it ’ s really the same story . Practice , practice , practice and more practice is the only way to learn a language .
How nice it is here
I ’ Ve heard the whether here is ideal , just like spring most of the year
You're going to get into a lot of trouble if you do that .
I don't see anything wrong with what we're doing ! That's just the problem . In these kind of things , the trouble doesn't always appear at first .
Everything has gone as smooth as clockwork . Just like we planned ! That may be true , but if you were to do it , you would have trouble on the horizon . You always say that .
Excuse me , is this seat taken ?
You work upstair , right ? I think I have seen you before . I'm Karren , Karren Brown .
I can bet the farm that you will regret about your decision . You cannot find a better one .
No . But I ’ m sure she is a good girl . My sixth sense tells me so .
Betty , would you please read this letter of application I've just written ? I'd like to have your opinion .
Good ! I'm interested in your advice .
Good idea , Betty . What would you think about the second part ?
You're right , I'll change it . How about the last part ?
I see you have bought the latest copy of beauty and fashion . Are there any interesting articles in it ?
I like to take the tests that they print in this magazine .
You know . Tests like how jealous are you ? and are you a fashion victim ?
Of course not , but sometimes the results make you think about yourself and what you do . According to the jealousy test , I ’ m quite a jealous type of person . Perhaps I need to control my jealousy .
If I can improve my vertical jump a few more inches , I think beach volleyball might be my ticket .
It's a beautiful sport , isn't it ?
Will it be all right to visit you this evening ?
How is night life in Beijing ?
What do you suggest then ?
That's a great idea . Let's go ... Oh , the dance hall looks very nice and the music is wonderful .
That's great ! I love to dance to fast music .
Yes , disco dancing is my favorite.It ' s great fun and good exercise as well .
Now the band is playing a slow dance .
Sorry , I think I'Il sit out the next dance .
Just remember . The main thing right now is to make sure Stars.com is happy .
Elvin , please . Can I count on you to keep your cool for a week , or not ?
What do you need ?
I ’ m going to need your library card .
Why don ’ t you apply for one right now ?
Please fill out this application .
Now , sign your name on the back of the card .
Here ’ s your library card .
I can ’ t believe my English teacher is making me read pride and prejudice !
But it ’ s so old .
No , not at all .
I didn ’ t realize it was a romance novel . What ’ s the main storyline ?
Why does he want to do that ?
Won ’ t they get his inheritance ?
I see . This sounds interesting ! Maybe my teacher isn ’ t so horrible after all .
There ’ s movie ? My teacher didn ’ t tell me that !
It would take a lot less time ..
What is the matter with him ?
I feel he is as cold as charity to me .
Are there many idioms in English ?
Can you give us an example ?
What about the expression " goodbye " ? Is that an idiom ?
Good morning , Mr.Black . I am the new secretary .
I don't want to make a bad impression .
I will .
I'll keep that in mind . Does everything on the desk belong to me ?
What's the extension number for my phone ?
Can I make personal phone calls during my office hours ?
I understand .
Oh ! I just want to drop in on him for a chat .
When in Rome , do as the Romans do , they say .
Roman is living in Rome , of course . And go to work by car , or bus , or on foot .
Certainly .
Not always . But they like good meal .
How can I go there to have a taste ?
it seems the department still has some money left in the budget . Do you have any suggestions how to use it before the budget is renewed ?
but we've done that many times . We want something fresh this time .
sounds like a good idea , but a band sounds too expensive .
I don ' t think so . I don't think people are going to like it if they have to pay to come . But we certainly can cut costs in other ways , such as make the party BYOB .
bring your own beverage . We can provide food , but people have to bring their own drinks .
maybe you have a point . How about having a party on a Friday afternoon ? We'll stop early , order some pizza , and serve drinks . There'll be music but no band . Having the party in the office will make
just don't understand why we have to take the subway . Look at this place . It's modern enough . But it's far from lively .
This isn't network , Frida . We are in San Francisco .
We haven't come here in business but for pleasure . We should go out exciting . What can you see in the subway ? Nothing !
I can see people who are walking on the sidewalk . I can see cars driving on the streets . I can see the sun shining and beautiful flowers dancing in the wind . I can even smell the scent of flowers and the freshness of the air .
You miss the point ! We are not in a hurry to go anywhere .
I'm so glad you can finally see things in my way . Can we leave this dull place now ?
It is really exciting news .
You don ’ t know ? The company is going to replace these old computers with the latest ones .
We will all get a docking station on our own desk from which you can remove your laptop easily . And if you come back to office , you just reconnect your laptop with docking station .
This is a kind of socket mounted to your desk . The socket has all the wire connections of the company line and all the other office automation equipments , like fax , copier , a screen , printer and scanner , and it will be very convenient .
Mary , I have something to tell you .
I ’ m afraid you ’ ll become angry . But I think I must tell you .
I'd like to talk to you about my grades .
I am worried that I messed up on a test .
I think I am doing great , except for that one test !
I think that I could study a little harder for tests .
Yes , I know .
Sandra is actually blue chipper . I don't think she could realize that she has married a fool for women .
I feel sorry for her .
good morning !
I slept like a baby . I fell asleep right away last night , didn't wake up once , and didn't have nay nightmares !
I feel much better , but I'm still worried about something .
well , I have to drive to school for a meeting this morning , and I'm going to end up getting stuck in rush-hour traffic .
for me , traffic jams are quite stressful , because I'm pretty impatient . How can I prevent myself from getting stressed if I get stuck in a traffic jam ?
Ok , I'll try that .
just one more thing . A school called me this morning to see if I could teach a few classes this weekend and I don't know what to do .
I'm supposed to work on a paper that'd due on Monday .
Do you want to hear a funny joke ?
Well , you'll see .
OK , an Englishman , a Scotsman , and an Irishman were going on a trip across the desert , and they could only take one thing with them .
So they met up at the start of the journey and showed each other their equipment .
Hang on , I haven't finished yet .
Well , as I was saying , they showed each other what they had decided to bring . The Englishman had brought some water . " If we get thirsty , we'll have something to drink , " he said . The Scotsman brought a map . " If we get lost , we'll be able to find our way . " The Irishman had brought a car door .
Yep . A car door . " Why the door ? " the others asked him . " Well , " he said , “ If it gets hot , we can open the window . " Do you get it ?
Have you ever run into a person who tries bleed you white ?
I hear that some guys splash all their money about on them .
I ’ m sorry , Sam . I don ’ t want to foc-concert .
I don ’ t like going to the theatre .
traveling , swimming , going to the cinema . And you ?
I like talking to you too .
I find Beijing Opera is quite a bore .
It's just like listening to a language which you know nothing at all .
You are married to a foreigner , huh ? So what ’ s it like ?
Yeah , I know what you mean . The first year of any marriage is difficult for all couples , not to mention two people from different cultures .
Oh , so he ’ s half Chinese and half American . That ’ s unusual . What languages does he speak , then ?
What does he look like ? Can people tell ?
Congratulations ! I heard that you are going to take a two-week training course in the headquarter .
Sure it is . This is a changing world . Does the training course cover the new law and regulation issued last month ? They are very useful for us .
Well , good for you . I hope you can get what you want from the training .
Hi ! Tom . Fancy seeing you here It's a nice party isn't it ?
Quite well . I got my MA degree two weeks ago .
When will the ceremony begin ?
No idea .
Hi , Francis .
Not bad . It seems you are super yogurt lover . You have so many in your cart .
Oh , I haven ’ t noticed that before . Maybe I will try next time .
Thank you . In fact , I am in a hurry . My wife is waiting for me at the parking lot .
Does your country export a lot of natural resources ?
Which resources do you have to import ?
I heard that you country recently discovered deposits of precious stone .
If your government invests in your country ’ s infrastructure , it will be money well spent .
Have you seen any good movies lately ?
Why ? You were a real movie buff when you were a student .
Mandy , Would you like to come for dinner tonight ?
At the new Five Spices restaurant in Chaoyang .
It ’ s Asian fusion . I heard it ’ s delicious .
Bob is really disturbed these days .
But we cannot talk like elders .
How was the movie last night ?
Mary said that she was really pleased with the photography .
She liked the acting , too , because that's what she wanted to see .
What's the matter with you then ? You look miserable .
What do you mean by us ?
That's right .
I ... I ... I miss my parents , also they miss me .
You mean I am groaned a few words ?
Everybody , I'd like to propose a toast to Mary Johnson , Teacher of the Year . She worked hard all year . She really deserved the honor .
Here's to you , Mary !
He thought he could take Jimmy in , but you know , Jimmy is no fool .
So Jimmy just took him in instead and it cost him an arm and a leg .
Do you have any plans for tomorrow night ?
Sure . What movies were you thinking about going to ?
Yes . Isn't the director of that movie the same guy who directed Shaun of the Dead ?
To be honest , I didn't really like Shaun of the Dead . Besides , I like movies with a happy ending best .
I was thinking of seeing You , Me and Dupree . It's a typical Hollywood blockbuster .
Yeah , I suppose you wouldn't want to see that , huh ?
It depends on who the film is about . Which movie did you have in mind ?
That sounds fantastic ! What time is it playing ?
Great . Shall I meet you there around 7 forty-five tomorrow night ?
Didn't Joe feel it a shame to live on his parents since he has graduated from college ?
If I were him , I wouldn'tbrazen it outby asking my parents for money .
Hey , Ray , what are you doing right now ?
Yes , I do . I ’ m at home myself right now with nothing much to do .
Well , we could go to a movie . Have you see Shrek 2 ?
Hmm ... I ’ Ve seen that , too . We could go for a walk in the park .
I guess that ’ s out . Why don ’ t we go shopping ?
Ok . I guess we ’ d be not do that , either , then . What do you want to do ?
I would like to , but I injured my wrist last weekend .
That sounds interesting , but I can ’ t drink alcohol with the medicine I ’ m taking .
I don ’ t have a car .
No . do you have a car ?
Oh , good . Why don ’ t you take the bus to mine and we could play Mah Tiang ?
Not yet . I ’ ll cook dinner and have it ready by the time you get here .
Huh ? We are going to play for money , aren ’ t we ?
Hey ... as long as I ’ m not alone on a Saturday night , I don ’ t really care what I do !
Is this your new teacher ?
Is she short ?
What color are her eyes ?
What color is her hair ?
And how old is she ?
What's the matter with you ? You look so upset and tired .
Oh , that's really tough .
I can understand . By the way , is there anyway I can help ?
Oh , that's so great , bless you ! if you need me , I'll always be there .
I hear your daughter graduated from high school as the valedictorian .
Where is she going to college ?
Really ? That's the icing on the cake . Congratulation again !
Where are you going for your holidays , Charles ?
Good gracious ! You certainly are lucky . How are you going there ?
I once went to Singapore by air . It was very exciting-but never again .
For a short time . One of the engines caught fire .
He put it out and flew back to the airport . Then he asked the people at the airport where the emergency runway was .
I heard you are going out with John ?
You are so lucky .
Why ? Are you kidding me ? A guy like that is hard to find . Few boys are so caring , so patient , and did I mention he is hottie ?
Totally . I am saying it from the bottom of my heart ! And it's obvious that he ’ s head over heels in love with you , too .
I heard a rumor this morning ... It seems Trusten Tools is going out of business.Another competitor is going bankrupt.That could be good news for us .
What ? We are merging with Trusten ? I never thought that would happen.Will we be getting new owners ? Will it affect our jobs ?
Wow , with such a big change.We won't have the same name ?
Well , I'm thinking of going to see the ballet Swan Lake by the famous Russian National Ballet Troupe this evening at Beijing Grand Theater . Why don't you join me ?
You always work too hard , Jim . As the saying goes , all work and no play makes Jack a dull boy . You should spare some time for a rest .
Just take it easy . Come on with me .
Is your father in the habit of having naps ?
Don't you feel dizzy when you have to get up ?
so nice to see you again , Louise . How are you doing ?
What do you think of this suit ? Do I look good or what ?
Didn't they say we're going to the Ritz ?
In that case , let me make a quick change into my street clothes .
Ta da ! Let's go to the Ritz !
One family skeleton of my family was that my younger brother has an axe to grind .
He began to be interested in finance because he thought he would be able to inherit the family ’ s fortune .
Did you hear peter just retired ?
He is not young as he looks . I think he's almost sixty .
You really look familiar .
My name is Phillip Hammer . I think we are related . Who is your dad ?
That's my uncle . You're my cousin ! Hi cousin !
It really is . Do you have time to eat dinner and catch up ?
I plan to buy a car this year .
I'm going to work in holidays and pay by installments .
It's very dark in here.Will you turn on the light ?
Then , turn on the lamp , please .
London is such a historic city ! There ’ s history everywhere you look . There ’ s nelson ’ s column , built as a monument to one of the Britain ’ s great admirals and his important victory . He won the battle of
Nearby , on the banks of the thames , there ’ s the statue of Boadicea . She fought the Romans when they invaded Britain .
She was a very controversial leader . Are we going to visit the famous tower of London later ?
I ’ m looking forward to seeing the famous castle and prison . Many historic figures were imprisoned there in the past . I really want to see the crown jewels too .
Where ’ s that ? Oh , I know ! Madame Tussaud ’ s the waxworks museum .
Where is my contract ?
I hear Jean married a business tycoon .
But I don't think she really loves him .
If I were her , I wouldn't marry a man I don't really love .
There's a concert in Capital Theatre this Sunday .
Look , I have two tickets.Will you go with me ?
Have you heard about Anlesen David ?
No , they got engaged .
Well , my dear . I didn't believe either.But got it straight form the horse's mouth.Davi called me this morning .
Last weekend , while they were on the Sik trip .
Next june .
Ted is so scared by dogs that he shakes in his shoes whenever he sees one .
I think the government needs a radical plan to improve things . The government just talks , but in the long run , nothing is done to improve the economy .
Well , income taxes were decreased last year in hope to give the economy a boost , but I think it's backfired . The immediate effect of the tax reduction was to cause inflation to rise .
You have a nice apartment .
She must have done a lot of work on it .
I tried to ask the bank teller why it changed , but she didn't speak English well enough.So I decided to go to the magazine shop . The one around the corner.And I bought an American newspaper .
It seems that yesterday the Mexican government declared wouldn't pay back the loans it got from the World Bank.The government declared a default on the loans .
I know . The economy here is having serious problems.But because the government declared a default , the currency value went way down .
Yes , it's an amazing drop .
Yes , it's very good . We suddenly have twice as much money to spend here.Our hotel is now half as expensive as when we got here ! Isn't that strange ?
What ?
You are starting to learn English ?
You ’ re lucky you start to learn it so easily . I learned English very late , and learned it all by myself . At that time we didn ’ t have a good English studying environment . I have to keep my dictionary on hand .
I spend all my time looking after my baby . I'm so tired .
I ’ m itching for moving !
I understand your feeling . When someone is feeling at loose ends , we may show mercy on him . This is what we call the " milk of human kindness " .
I ’ m so excited about Chinese New Year ! When do I get to visit Grandma ? Grandma makes the best dumplings in the world !
Of course I miss Grandma , too . I bet she ’ s gonna teach me how to play Mahjong ! Hey , Dad , are you going to buy me firecrackers this year ? We ’ re going to have the best fireworks ! I ’ m really looking forward to lighting them !
No , fireworks are awesome !
I was scared because ... because I saw a bug . That ’ s all .
Oh , and I can ’ t wait to watch the dragon dance ! Dad , can I sit on your shoulders this time ?
Hi , Tom . You forgot to put on your sports shoes ! It's Games Day today !
Let me give you a hand . You are carrying so many books .
Have you forgotten the cheers ?
What a brilliant smile !
He must be very easy-going .
My goodness.She is thirty seconds faster than the world records in five thousand meters race .
A chinese girl have broken the world record in the Olympic Games
You have to . It's sure .
What's the matter ? You don't look well .
What about ?
Oh , is that all ?
What do you think of the way people use and treat animals ?
Perhaps people should stop eating animals . We could grow more crops .
We could provide them with better conditions anyway . We should certainly try to improve the conditions at zoos . We should try to recreate the natural conditions as much as possible .
I agree . I ’ m an adult and I love going to the zoo . I don ’ t like animals experiments though . I believe that we can do tests in other ways .
That ’ s good news . The good thing is that most people treat their pets well .
Have you every given money to any of the charities that take care of animals .
It's said you will go abroad to pursue your graduate studies .
Which country do you want to go to ?
Were I in your position , I ’ d go to America .
There are many universities for you to choose from . Some famous universities such as Harvard , Yale , the University of Michigan , and Massachusetts Institute of Technology are really wonderful places to study , but they are very competitive and expensive . Some smaller universities or institutes are also very nice but much cheaper .
How's it going ?
So how long have you know Jack ?
Really ? You guys must be really tight .
He seems sincere , and trustworthy .
What do you mean ?
Oh , my ! Really ? I never thought he would be like that .
So , can I trust him or what ?
But I need someone that I can count on for this job .
Come on you're confusing me.Give it to me straight .
Are you free this Saturday evening ?
Would you like to go to the concert with me ?
At our club .
At 7:30 p . m .
Can I help you ?
Just a second . I'll see if I can find them for you .
Here you are . You must return them within a month .
You can come in and renew them unless someone else has reserved them .
You look tired .
Really ? How come ?
You shouldn't work so hard .
What do you mean ?
How do you like Korea ?
What part of the visit excited you most ?
Why ?
Yes , I think so . But there is also something terrible .
Sometimes the traffic is too busy .
How should I dress for the party ?
I love her so much , you know . I want to be alone . Please keep quiet .
Are you saying you saw an eagle ? There are no eagles here .
I haven't met the Smiths for a long time .
Why ?
Did you go camping last Saturday ?
How many members were in your party in all ?
Did you get caught in the bad storm ?
Thanks for the advice , Mr . Macmillan . I'll keep it in mind . I had better head off though . I ’ m meeting my husband for dinner .
Thanks , sir . You too . Drive safely , I hear there ’ s a lot ice on the roads .
Tomorrow I'll take you to some places that I'm sure you will have interest in .
They are the Folk Antique Handicrafts and Collectibles Exhibition Halls .
Well . there're actually over 200 kinds of folk collections in this city . That's half the collections of antique objects in China . There's one exhibition half for multiple collection , and several individual display rooms for private collectors .
No hurry ! I'II tell you now , The collections include ancient cases and caskets , tea sets , abacuses , precious sea shells and conches , drama costumes , agates , ancient coins , fans , mini-musical instruments , root-carving , rare stones and rocks , model ships , model cars ...
The show will be starting in a few minutes . We'd better go in and find our seats .
That's right . This entrance is for even numbers . That entrance over there is for odd numbers . Let's go over there .
Maybe you are right .
Well , how did you like the show ?
Now , you are to board the plane.We ' re sorry that we haven't done much to help you when you stayed in China .
We are ready to help you .
I'd like to . I'm sure your visit will help to promote the friendship and understanding between both of us.Welcome to China again .
Thank you . I will if I have chance.Goodbye and happy landing !
Is the lake very polluted ?
Are local factories allowed to discharge waste water into the lake ?
Isn ’ t this great ? I always wanted to own a farm , live out in the country , grow my own food !
That ’ s fine ! Don ’ t worry about it !
Relax , it was just a goat !
It ’ s just the cows that are grazing over there . We can milk them later .
Honey , seriously , It ’ s just a sheep . Relax ! Relax , that was just the horses and donkeys that are in the stable .
Well , thank you.Mr.Parry , for all your information.Just one more question .
Do you play any sports or games ?
And what athletics did you play ? Can you remember ?
And now ?
Well , thank you again for coming to see us.But just remember that we like people who join the company to play in the company sports teams .
Hey , that's a really nice outfit you have on .
Oh , you look stunning . Your dress really goes well with your shoes .
No , not at all . It looks really classy on you . Where did you pick that up ?
When did you go there ?
I might just do that . What style of clothes do they have ?
I was hoping to get a few new ties for my collection .
The poor girl is up to the eyes in study all the day .
Today's children have not the chance to play , to make fun of them .
Could you just hold this for me ?
Yes , but I've nearly fixed it . Just take it , will you ?
Sometimes I think television is too biased . None of them are completely objective .
Newspapers or the radio I guess . I just wish TV was more objective .
The internet's a lot worse .
There's no one moderating it . Anyone around the world can put information onto the net for anyone else to see . The information on the internet is mostly unsubstantiated and you can never know who has written it , or why . A lot of people get conned online .
I went to the doctor yesterday .
I said I had been to the doctor the day before .
He said I ' d got the flu .
He told me to stay in bed for ten days .
How nice it is here .
I've heard the weather here is ideal , just like spring most of the year .
What did you think of the teambuiding session this morning ? Do you think it did much good ?
I think that's an important part of it all ... we've got to be able to see another side of our co-workers and boss ... We can see what they're like as real human beings , working together on some project , for fun . I really think it helped our team jell together better .
Beautiful weather , isn ’ t it ?
No , I ’ m on a vacation to see the famous Three Gorges .
Yes , it is .
I couldn ’ t agree more .
Tiffany , why are more and more people turning to the Web to find a mate ?
There are actually special sites for people looking to date within their specific ethnic group and age group . But how should you screen potential mates ? Do you suggest talking to them on the phone right away or communicating via e-mail ?
Can you give us any other safety tips for people pursuing relationships on the Net ?
Besides the growth of these matchmaker sites , do you have any stats on success rates ? Are people out there finding true and lasting love through the Internet
Do you have any successful stories to share ?
Isabelle , you know I'm not interested in fame .
You know I'm interested in teaching . I'm looking for jazz students ...
I know they're out there . I'll find them .
I think your speech was excellent .
Sure it was .
Smith is always careless , it is his Achilles ’ s heel .
He will burn his fingers .
Here's some dancing . See those guys stomping , clapping and shouting ? They're practicing step-dancing .
They basically turn their bodies into drums . There's a national step competition every year .
Wen ! That's only a stereotype . Like all Asians are supposed to be math geniuses . I'm not a great dancer , and you said you failed calculus .
This is the end , Jane . I don't want a girlfriend who goes out with other guys all the time .
What's the bonus like at your company ?
Six months ' salary ? Are you serious ? That's incredible !
Hey , I know what that's like . I bought a BMW on my Visa card . Now the payments really hurt .
What did you buy ?
Health Monitor ? I read an article about that racket.They ' re overpriced to begin with ! Listen , if I were you , I'd let them take back their monitor and spend my money on something more practical .
No joke !
OK , Ann , you spent quite a bit of time in Australia recently so why don't you talk about that ?
Mm-hm . How long were you there ?
Oh , OK .
So , did you , did you lose your finger ?
Almost . Ah , you're lucky . Um , it's funny , you go in the water and you worry about sharks , but not clams .
Will you be going back to Australia soon ?
Tom did me many favors .
I have just had my new paper published .
I'm going to Britain .
I have been accepted by Oxford University on PhD .
Happy birthday ! This is for you , Kate .
You know in China we usually don't open presents until the guests leave .
Guess who I saw yesterday ?
Avril Lavigen !
Yeah , I worked as temporary staff in her concert . Look , her poster , a CD ...
Not really . But I like some of her songs . She's actually very talented . She's a song writer and fashion designer , too .
Yeah , though I don't think her acting skills are that great .
She looked sweeter than her pictures .
No , there were too many people . When she got out of the car , her fans were all screaming , trying to give her flowers and to get her autographs .
I have to go home now , Jenny . Thanks for inviting me to your party .
I was wondering how you are going to calculate our final grades .
What counts the most ?
Do you grade on a curve or use percentages ?
What if we miss something ?
Will you tell us if we are failing during the year ?
Okay , show me your card hand . Here's mine . I have three Kings and a pair of Aces .
Thanks again for buying the tickets . That was the most exciting live concert I've ever seen . That silver electric guitar was really cool .
That , My Heart Will Go On . It warms my heart . you know , JanetJackson , Shanna Twain and Celine Dion are so very different .
Have you heard Maria Carey ?
Excellent . You can borrow my Janet Jackson's CD . It's her new one .
Why ?
Sarah . You look terrible . What's wrong ?
I'm so sorry to hear that . When did this happen ?
Is there anything I can do ?
I'm sure she knew you loved her . Did she pass away in the hospital ?
I'm sorry she's gone .
I think your grandmother would want you to think of all the good times you spent together .
When my grandmother passed away , I frequently visited her in the cemetery . I always talked to her . Even though she wasn't there , I somehow knew she heard what I said .
It looks like you haven't eaten anything all day . We should get you something to eat .
It will do you good to go out for entertainment at weekends.What kind of movie do you like best ?
Shall we go downtown for a movie this Friday evening ?
Let's go eat .
I can't seem to progress up the career ladder no matter how hard I try and I have been here for 2 years already !
An MBA , hey . . . well my degree wasn't in business , the business schools won't be interested in me .
GMAT ? What does that stand for and what will the test contain ?
Okay , this sounds a little tough , how am I supposed to practice for this ?
No matter what I do , I'm going to ace this test and go on to become a corporate fat cat !
hello , Kate ! How are you doing ?
fine . How are your term papers ?
how could it be ? They are due two weeks later .
Kate , you know , I am thinking of getting a part-time job next year because I really need more money and I don't want to ask my parents for any more . But I'm so busy ! How am I going to work and study
This is the good life ! We have it good don ’ t you think ?
What do you mean ?
For example ?
I see . Yeah now that I think of it , I wouldn ’ t have gotten married if I hadn ’ t moved to this town and met Sally .
Well , I have no regrets !
Would you like to go to the movies tonight ?
Well , we could see something different like a detective film .
How about a comedy ?
How about a love story then ?
What's you opinion ?
Really ?
Hi . Bob ! We've been working hard at our lessons for a fortnight . So why don't we take it easy this weekend ?
How about seeing a play ? I hear Hamlet is on at the National Theater .
( looking at a newspaper ) Oh , dear me ! There's no performance at the National theater this weekend . So we have to go to cinema instead .
Let me see .. um . Gone With the Wind . It is on at six cinemas on Saturday night .
Ah . The Royal , I think .
Why don't we go to the 7:30 show ? It is convenient to us , I think .
Do you want to go to the earlier or the later show ?
Then , there's a 9:30 show .
Her ex-boyfriend was terrible , but this new one is even worse !
The man behind your mother must be your elder brother .
Well , I've got to go . See you later .
What did you say ?
Who's your favorite singer ?
Hey , Ann . You don't have a pen , do you ?
Thanks . I don't suppose you have some paper , too .
Are you ready , honey ?
Just dress formal .
It is too loud , we ’ ll handle some official business first before the dinner .
What's the matter with you , then ? You look miserable .
What do you mean by us ?
What do you mean ? We're talking now , aren't we ?
Yes . I remember.But we never used to argue.You used to think I was wonderful.Where are you going ?
I think it is time to study . Our chemistry exam is coming .
December 1st .
It seems to be from chapter six to chapter ten .
Why are you so pessimistic ?
I believe you can pass the exam with good preparation . Don't lose your heart .
Are you new here ?
Is this your first year in college ?
Which school ?
How do you like it here compared to PCC ?
Do you like it better here or at PCC ?
So , why did you leave PCC ?
I don't know what I can do now . I'm down and out .
I hope so . But I'm always caught short .
I was just about to go to bed when the telephone rang last night .
Kate . She said she was too excited to go to sleep .
It ’ s true . Guess what we were talking about last night .
Yeah , how do you know about that ?
if you can choose , will you marry a foreigner or a Chinese ?
not yet . But I wonder if I can get my parents ’ consent .
you are right . It is giving me a real headache . I feel like I ’ m between a rock and a hard place .
oh , how did you deal with it ?
oh , it ’ s a pity . What was the matter ?
like what ?
Oh , I see . In their culture women should put family first .
so that's why it ’ s hard to have a happy marriage with a foreigner .
I don't know how to adjust my life . Would you give me a piece of advice ?
Yes , I can't sleep well every night .
I drink a lot of wine .
I often feel so tired .
I sometimes find the shadow of death in front of me .
Hi Joe . You met my new assistant , right ?
You are kidding , but she's so helpful .
Come on . She's like that with everyone .
Hey , you , pick up that piece of garbage !
Yeah , you . I just saw you throw a piece of garbage on the ground . Can't you read the No Littering sign ? It's a $ 500 penalty for littering , so go pick it up and put it in the garbage can over there .
Because this is a public place , and I want to spend my time here without having to look at your garbage .
It's not the cleaner's responsibility to pick up after lazy people . It's part of your responsibility to make sure that the place is neat for other people . If everyone thought like you , there'd be garbage everywhere ! The cleaners can't be everywhere !
What are you doing this weekend ?
If ever you ’ re in Chicago , please do look me up .
No trouble at all . I think maybe you will meet some of my friends here as well .
How do you feel about wearing name logos or slogans on your clothing ?
Do you think advertising has an influence on the choices you make when you're shopping ?
I actually try to avoid name-brand items . I can't stand it when big companies advertise their products all over the place !
I think is sensible to buy products that is high quality than others when you want to buy something that's going to last a long time , but I don't think it always makes sense .
I do for shower items like shower gel and shampoo , but I don't for higher-end items .
It's just a slogan for a famous company ; there's nothing really special about it .
Did you see the fashion awards last night ?
Not interested ?
But they are showing what will be all the rage next year .
Did you know that fashion is cyclical ?
Precisely ! For example , Flares were popular for a while , then went out of fashion . Now we can start to see them coming back in again .
They're also known as bell-bottoms . They are a type of trousers .
Our national economy is increasing hand over fist .
Betty was in hospital .
She suffers from cancer .
Do you have any plan on your mind ?
How are we going there , by bike or by bus ?
Maybe we all will be all things to all men .
But for the life , we'll be changed by this society .
Don't be silly . We have reached the age to take the responsibility by ourselves .
You're late .
My phone ?
Really ? I had no idea . Let me check.Yes , it's dead . There's no dial tone .
But this is terrible . I'm expecting important calls .
You know what.The theater guild is supposed to call me and discuss a contract for my play.They are supposed to call me this evening.If I don't have a phone . Oh , what can I do ?
Do you have a cell phone ?
Can you drive me ? I will go to Ann's house . It isn't far . I can call the theater guild from there and give them her number.She will let us wait in her living room .
Yes , I do.At Ann's house I will call the phone company and have them check my line.If they can fix it right away without coming to my house , then we'll just return here.But if not , I need to wait at Ann's house to talk with the theater guild.It ' s very important to me .
Would you like to go to a concert tonight ?
All right , then.There is one at the new concert hall .
It's the Powell orchestra .
They're doing a seventeenth-century program .
I am unsure how to add a class and need help .
Yes , I have an add sheet .
No , I'm not sure .
Thanks . I understand what to do now .
That sounds good .
I found out when Jim's birthday is . It's this Friday .
Can you spread the word and ask everyone to bring some kind of snack food ?
Will you call his wife and let her know so that if she is available , she can come too ?
I don't know how old he is though .
In spring , people are feeling refreshed . They take off their heavy winter clothes and walk with a straight back and light steps . They feel they are full of spirits and energy .
Well , when summer comes , the weather is hot and the leaves turn darkgreen ; the sun is blazing and the air is threatening . No one would like to stay in the open air for long .
I myself like very much to listen to the singing of some of the insects , especially the singing of cicadas .
And you can hear singing and laughing everywhere ! People are happy in autumn because autumn brings them harvest and richness and prosperity !
Well , it's hard to say . For the fields and rivers , winter is a relaxing season , but for farmers , I think they might take a rest physically , but mentally they are still busy thinking , planning and calculating for the working of the next year .
Hey Sarah , are you all right ? You look upset .
What happened ?
Who was chairing the meeting ?
Well , I can tell you from experience that Bob might come off a little strong sometimes .
What was the meeting about ?
It's ironic that the meeting was anything but efficient .
You have to keep things short and sweet . When you get a chance to speak , try not to get into too many unnecessary details .
You can always bring up the main points during the meeting and speak to those who are directly involved after the meeting . Not everyone needs to know all that information .
Let's go to the cinema tonight , shall we ?
What about ' Farewell My Concubine ' ? I've been wanting to see it for a long time .
My brother has offered me two tickets for this evening .
At eight thirty .
I ’ d love to have my own farm .
I wouldn ’ t mind getting up early morning and the physical work would make me fit and healthy .
That ’ s one reason I ’ d like to try it . I ’ d really like to get away from working 9 to 5 in an office .
My uncle owns a farm and I ’ Ve spent some time working with him . I love being in the countryside with farm animals and green fields .
Good afternoon , everyone . The experiment is to start at 3 . Have you gone through the instructions ?
Ok , now some points for attention . First of all , pay attention to safety ... Now , sign your names on the lab record , and after that you can start . If there is any question , just let me know .
Have you turned it on ?
Ok , I will get you another one .
Guess what ? Paul and Susan are engaged .
A week ago ? They met last summer and now just sink . They will be married soon .
Oh man ! I ’ Ve been starving myself for days now and I haven ’ t lost an ounce !
Yeah , my friend is getting married next month and I ’ m supposed to be a bridesmaid . I have to fit into my dress and look nice for her wedding , but I haven ’ t lost any weight ! Look at these love handles .
Why ? If I eat less , then my body will start eating away at my fat reserves , right ?
So you are saying that I should eat , but I should just watch what I eat ?
If I do all this do you think I can lose twenty pounds in four weeks ?
Do you know that song ?
The song you hear now .
Elvis Presley . Don't you recognize his voice ?
How are you ?
I haven ’ t seen you for several days .
What ’ s he doing ?
He must be happy .
What did you do this weekend , Kate ?
That sounds nice . Where did you go ?
Not really . I just worked on my car all day .
I ’ d better be going .
I wish I could , but It ’ s already late .
thank you for wonderful meat .
Did you remember to bring back that software I lent to you ?
That ’ s ok . If you could just bring it in tomorrow , I would appreciate it .
Well , known , Jim , I'm ... I'm pretty much in favour of computers , I think computers teach kids to think , because they require logical thought .
What do you mean ?
All right . But these are black and I don ’ t like black shoes . They ’ re dull .
Then why are you wearing black shoes ?
Hey , Mike . Can I ask you something ?
I'm going to gamble on the world cup tonight . Who do you think will win ?
My husband is betting on France .
What do you mean ?
How do you do . I ’ m Mark Rancor .
May I know your name , please ?
Ah , yes . I remember now . Were you Mr . John ’ s dinner partner last month ?
I did but now I ’ m for Microsoft . How are things with you ?
May I know what you do ?
Sure . That would be great . Good luck .
What's the name of the series just showed ?
What a horrible name ! Is it full of suspense ?
What ’ s “ pi ” ?
I see . What is that ratio exactly ?
It ’ s 10 centimeters , so the circumference should be 31.4 centimeters .
According to the newspaper , the exchange rate is 1.85 dollars to the pound .
What ’ s the next question .
I can help you there . Those are numbers that cannot be created by multiplying two whole numbers , apart from the number itself and 1 , together .
Exactly . Anything else ?
How's your new car ?
You made a good choice , then ?
No regrets ?
I'm glad you're so happy .
Thank you.Steven.That was the most magnificent meal I've had abroad.You ' ll have to let me reciprocate the next time you're in Beijing .
We don't .
At hotels and some restaurants they add a service charge to the bill , but other than that , tipping isn't customary .
In a cab you just pay what it says on the meter . I generally tip hotel porters 10 yuan per bag , but in first-class hotels they're instructed not to accept gratuities .
Morning , Mary . I haven't seen you in a long time . What's up ?
So you don't travel a lot now ?
It's certainly a popular hobby . I know a lot of people love stamps .
I believe collecting stamps has something similar to traveling right ?
Well , every stamp has a story to tell .
Good .
There's a lot to share when you have a common interest .
Ok , good luck . See you
I am in hot water now , all the things seem to be blown up .
What a beautiful view , my sweetheart !
What is that below ?
No , thank you.It looks a bit too dangerous for me .
Yes , there is this beautiful view . you may go fishing , camping and also enjoy this beautiful clean air .
Our neighbour ’ s tape recorder is so loud that it annoys us to death . I ’ Ve made up my mind to cut the electricity off .
Then what shall I do ?
David , what's new with you ? You are not in the mood . Can you tell me ?
Do not take things so seriously , my pal ! Every one of us will face the trouble and job-hunting is inevitable . Take it easy ! Believe in yourself and some day you will be successful .
What's the matter ? You don't look well .
What about ?
Oh , is that all ?
What's wrong , Frank ?
Jenny , you look terrible . What's eating you ?
Hey , Chillon , I'm just trying to help .
So , what's the problem ?
No kidding ! Didn't you study for it ?
That's too bad , anyway , I'm sure things will turn around next master .
You can't do that , Jenny !
She's pretty and meek .
What makes you think so ?
Hey , did you hear the news ?
Miss Yang is dating the manager who's married .
David , why didn ’ t you clean the room ?
Why are you feeling depressed ?
I don ’ t think she will do such a thing .
Oh , cheer up . A girlfriend is not everything .
Then forgive her mistake .
Betty , would you please read this letter of application I've just written ? I'd like to have your opinion .
Good ! I'm interested in your advice .
Good idea , Betty . What would you think about the second part ?
You're right , I'll change it . How about the last part ?
Well , everything is packed and ready to go .
Yes . Just think the blue sky , sunshine , mouth-watering food , centuries-old castles - -
Yeah , we would have been lost without the help of the locals .
Of course . That was the best pasta I've ever had .
If only we could eat there once more !
Hope the restaurant is still there .
Oh , my god ! Only two hours left before the plane takes off . We need to be at the airport now .
Do you live with your parents ?
How often do you go back to visit them ?
Did you watch the live telecast of the World Cup last night ?
What's the band called ?
Here comes the birthday cake .
Be sure to blow out all the candles in one puff .
Yes , but I doubt if I get it . I've never get it .
Lisa , I ’ Ve been thinking of something .
Well . I ’ Ve done a lot of business for my company . And now I feel like going into business for myself .
There ’ s a possibility . What do you say ?
What are the seasons like in your city ?
Does it ever rain in summer ?
What are spring and autumn like ?
Well , I live in the southern hemisphere , so our summertime is your wintertime , and vice versa . We get some rain in every season , but most is in winter . In winter , it sometimes gets cold , but our wine
No , I don ’ t . I go on a winter holiday instead . I go somewhere warm .
I have some good news for you . We've decided we'd like to send you to Shanghai on a business trip this weekend .
don't you think that it'd be a good thing for you to get out of the office for a couple of days ?
I thought you'd be a bit more excited about this . Everything will be paid for and I'll send my assistant with you to take care of everything for you . All you have to do it get on the train tonight a
oh , no . We've brought your return ticket for you . I think you'll find it comfortable .
oh no . the train hasn't been crowded at all recently . Besides , you're in first-class , so you'll be fine .
they've scheduled the negotiation meeting for 9:00 tomorrow morning . That should give you enough time to have a quick shower .
we've booked you a room in the same hotel as your meetings , so you won't need to deal much with the transportation system .
what ? How could you forget to reserve the concert tickets ?
How could you ? I reminded you just this morning .
I have been looking forward to this performance all month .
Say , Jim , how about going for a few beers after dinner ?
What do you mean ? It will help us to relax .
I guess you are right . But what shall we do ? I don't feel like sitting at home .
That's a good idea . I hear Mary and Sally often go there to play singsong . Perhaps we can make a foursome with them .
Good . Let's go now .
Have you heard anything about Markweed Inc . ? They have called me back for interview , and I'm considering taking a job with them .
The best ... huh ? With so many companies out there , how did they establish themselves in such a solid position on top ?
Really ? What about the pay rate ? Are the wages pretty high ?
Well , what about the work environment ? Not every one is motivated solely by money .
Terrible . How about people's lives ?
That's great . It seems that Typhoon is not as bad as earthquake .
That's why many people died in the earthquake .
Oh , China does have been plagued by numerous destructive earthquakes during its long history .
We're all familiar with natural disasters . but we still feel weak when we face Wenchman earthquake .
Do I have to take these books here if I want to renew them ?
I always feel I ’ m left high and dry with nobody to rely on .
Did you play football yesterday ?
What did you do after you'd played football ?
Are you going swimming again this afternoon ?
Are you helping him all afternoon ?
You're , going to be very busy .
Welcome , Ron , come on in !
We enjoy it too !
About four years now .
Ron , have a seat and I'll get us something to drink .
I have lemonade , iced tea , and mango juice .
Is there a lot of oil and coal in your country ?
Yes , it is . My country is famous for having that natural resources . We also have a lot of natural gas .
No coal has been discovered in my country , but there may be undiscovered deposits . We don ’ t have many metal deposits .
When I traveled around your country , I bought some jewellery made from gold from your country . The jewellery told me that there are few gold mines in your country . The gold was found in mountain steams .
You have many trees in your country . That ’ s another natural resources .
I see . That ’ s probably a good idea . Too many forest are being destroyed .
Don't you have too much to do with him .
His father is a prisoner .
ORG ! It must be so late where you are . What time is it ?
what's wrong ? Can't sleep ?
really ? What is it ?
I can't believe it ! Is it real ? You're moving here ?
just give me the dates and I'll make sure I'm free . You know after all these chatting online , it will be great to meet you in real life . I look forward to seeing you soon !
thanks . This is so exciting . Sleep tight and sweet dreams !
You really should stop smoking , you know .
How many cigarettes do you smoke a day ?
Wow . You ’ re really a heavy smoker .
He died of lung cancer , right ?
Why are you so rude to your wife ?
But she means to help you , not to trouble you .
OK , Hello !
Hi , what's your name ?
Nandu . Nandu , how do you spell you name ?
Oh , OK . That's a nice name , Nandu . And where are you from ?
Be quiet , Will you ?
I have to miss school next week .
Unfortunately , this is what I have to do .
I've got it all covered .
Don't worry , this will be the last class I miss .
I'll remember .
There will be a party in my company ; what shall I wear ?
I guess it is a formal one because the general director will give a speech there , and most of the staff will take part in .
You are right . What about shoes ?
Thanks a lot .
How do you think about our boss ?
Yes , I think he's the most relaxing person in management .
That's good . Maybe you'll get promoted .
Well , no one could survive without water , but you see pollution has been making more and more water unable for drinking .
But what are the sources of water pollution ?
Well , direct ones are the pollution directly from factories , refineries waste treatment plants etc . , aren ’ t they ?
But what about the indirect ones ?
I see . For the sake of us all , we should be an active participator in the prevention of it .
I'm tired of dancing .
Maybe it's because you always have pretty girls as your partners .
I ’ m sick of my job , I always have to work late at night , and the company keeps me working in the office .
What do you suggest ? I can ’ t afford to quit my job until I get a new one .
I just dropped in to say good-bye .
I'm going to try to leave by ten .
Good-bye . Hope to see you soon again next year .
David , recently I established a travelling forum , and now I want to make a plan to hold the first activity . Where can we go for this time ?
a dozen .
It's surely worth going to . There are ten famous spots there .
My mom is three years older than my dad , and they are like night and day.My mom is 5 footsweet and very nice , and very caring , and very cute , everybody tells her how young she looks , and how she resembles my sister , perhaps.My father is very much completely opposite that.He is a very bi 4 , on a good day , 5 foot 2 , I think in real life , and she is very nice .
I talked to them probably about two weeks ago . Yeah , everything is going well .
I am going to go home after the holidays and we're going to have a Christmas kind of in January or February . Yeah , depending on when my brother can come in .
We have to pick up Conrad before the party .
We're supposed to meet him at Cal's Bar at 10
Yes .
Yes , it is . Conrad is gay . Didn't you know ?
Why not ? We're supposed to meet him there .
Why should he do that ? It isn't illegal for us to go in .
You sound like you're afraid .
You've never been in a gay bar before ?
But it's just a bar . There's no danger.You shouldn't be so homophobic .
Listen . If you refuse to go in , Conrad will be offended.You don't hate gay people , do you ?
Don't worry about it . There is nothing strange about it.If Conrad's there , we'll leave for the party.If he's not , we'll sit down and have a drink .
I'm glad you feel that way.We ' ll leave in about ten minutes , alright ?
Are these your triplets ? They ’ re beautiful ! I ’ Ve seen other babies who were nothing but skin and bones at their age . You know , they ’ re absolutely identical of you and John ! Are you planning on having any more ?
Well , tell me . How was the labor and delivery ?
Is everything ready for the big family barbecue tomorrow ?
We should also cook a couple dozen hot dogs and kebabs .
Great ! I asked Grace to bring cups and serviettes as she is also bringing two big coolers for the beers .
How is Rose now ?
It's a fine day today , isn't it ?
How nice seeing the sun back again ! The air is so fresh .
Well , the weather is so unpredictable this time of year .
Look ! It looks as if it is going to rain .
Good morning . Mrs.Smith .
Well , what kind of books does she like ?
I see . Has she read any detective stories ?
Do you know if she's read this one ?
Ah ! She has a bad memory . How old is she ?
I suggest you take this book . It's very exciting .
Do I have to write the invitation cards ?
How many people are in your family ?
I have one daughter and one son . Then there ’ s my husband and I . What about your parents ? Do they live with your family ?
My parents live by themselves now . when they get older , they ’ ll probably go to a retirement home . Do you just have one brother ?
I also grew up in a big family . I have one older brother and three younger sisters .
About seven years now . and you ?
It ’ s becoming more and more common . However , I don ’ t ever want to get divorced myself ! What about you ?
If that happens , maybe you could marry my brother and we could become in-laws !
I hear that you are going to participate in the dinner party tonight.Seen from what you are dressing , you really look like a fox .
I was just watching a documentary on tv about people use dogs for various purpose . It was very interesting .
The documentary also pointed out that they are used by shepherds to round up sheep and by rescue workers to find people trapped under rubble or snow .
Don ’ t forget that horses are still used in many countries to pull ploughs and carts .
Yes , I can . I don ’ t ride regularly though . How about you ?
How's it going ?
To be honest , I'm a bit fed up .
There's a girl in my company that I really like but I always get shy when she is around .
Sure , but how ?
But for what reasons ? She doesn't even know who I am .
Easier said than done .
But I always get tongue-tied when I see her .
I see . I'll try .
It's too hot to read .
Which season do you like best ?
How about summer ?
Why ?
Where did you go yesterday ?
Did you go shopping ?
Oh , did you get a job ?
John hasn't got married up to now .
Really ? Does Mary know that ?
Mom , you know that Andrea and I sometimes worry about you .
You ’ re almost 70 years old , Mom ! Don ’ t you think it would be better for you if you moved in with us ?
Do you ever get lonely living alone ?
Tom , you look thoughtful and unhappy recently . What's wrong with you ?
Why ? I mean , why did she part company with you after seven years together ?
Do you believe her excuse ?
Come on , buddy , cheer up . Why not do some sports with me ? Violent exercise might help to shake you out of your disappointment in love .
Do you like singing ?
Let's go to a ETV tonight .
It doesn't matter . No one will laugh at you .
What about six ?
You're being childish . Your nose will heal . And so will your pride , if you let it .
Don't know what ?
Is that right ? Like what kind of changes ?
It ’ s really terrible !
Don ’ t you see many parents are forcing there children ’ s hands to learn something they think important to their children . But the children are not interested in it at all .
Hello , this is Helen speaking .
Fine , thank you . And you ?
Oh , how wonderful . I ’ ll be glad to .
Hum , don ’ t say that . Maybe you can do something useful for me .
I ’ ll tell you at the party .
Don't you think we ' d leave for the concert now ?
In about 25 minutes .
This is my admission card , and these are the books .
By the way , can I renew the borrowing ?
Sense and Sensibility , English version .
Can I just do it here ?
OK , thanks .
I was thinking of buying this from the bookstore when my father got this from the library ... anyway , how much should I pay ?
Here you are . Thanks .
Hi , Mary , it ’ s been a long time
Well , I ’ m doing okay . And how about yourself ?
hi , come on in . Can I take your coat ?
you're the first guest to arrive . I'll just put your coat away and then I'll get you something to drink .
whatever you prefer .
just over three weeks . Would you like a drink ?
I've got white wine , red wine , gin and tonics , ginger ale , lemonade , orange juice , and sprite .
one glass of red wine coming up !
there's just going to be 6 of us tonight .
Marcia and Paul called to cancel at the last moment . Paul was running late and Marcia wasn't feeling well .
I think there's someone at the door .
Do you mind if I come over to use your computer ?
Does that mean I can't use it tonight ?
Do you like plum blossoms ?
It's snowing heavily . What about taking a walk ?
What a heavy snow !
I've got it . I like the sound of stepping on the snow very much .
Do you smell the sweet scent ?
I hate working on Christmas Eve ! Whoa ! Get a load of this guy ! Come in central , I think we ’ Ve got ourselves a situation here .
I had one or two glasses of eggnog , but nothing else .
Just a few Christmas gifts , ’ tis the season , after all !
Umm ... no ... I make these in my workshop in the North Pole !
I hear you're going to Tainan to visit your uncle .
What would you reckon the taxing increases ?
But what do most people think about it ?
How's your father been ?
What's wrong with him ?
Well , tell him to take it easy and that I hope he feels better .
Can you help me buy my textbooks ?
No , I don't have that .
I am not sure where the bookstore is .
Yes , I knew I could do that . Exactly how do I go about selling them ?
I think maybe I could be there .
Maybe that would work .
Hey , John . Nice car .
What is this , the new Ford ?
True . How much did you pay ?
Does that mean you ’ re not going to take the train to work anymore ?
Yeah , sure .
What are your plans for this weekend ?
If the weather's fine .
I know a good place to hire bikes if you want .
I wish the teacher wouldn't make us read this book .
Mr . Brown is in hospital again .
When I went to see him yesterday , he looked rather pale .
Someone ’ s told me behind closed door that he is very hot-tempered .
Do you like playing tennis ?
Maybe you haven't found the magic .
How old are you ?
I'm older than you ! I'll be ten on April 14th .
Come in , come in , what can I do for you ?
Yes , I am applying on it .
Aren't you a bit young ? I have a lot of qualified seniors to take the course and they usually have a hard time keeping up .
Well , if you think you are ready , I'll let you enroll .
Good evening , John .
How are you doing ?
Nothing special .
Sounds good.Sorry , here comes my bus.You call me , or I'll call you to make a date .
All right.Gotta go , bye , keep in touch .
How'd you like to go on a bungee jump this weekend ?
How about Sunday , then ? We could start in the morning .
Don't worry . It is a test of physical endurance , intelligence . Just to finish it is considered a victory for most .
I must apologize for having delayed the work .
But you will miss your good chance . I ’ m So sorry
Oh dear , my weight has gone up again .
And I suppose sitting at the desk all day in the office doesn't help .
I do wish I could lose weight .
I've tried diets before but they've never worked .
Hi , Larry , how was your weekend ?
Great . I hung out with Jo all day shopping , and the went out for dinner together .
Yeah , I never thought we could be good friends either . We have our differences . She's more outgoing and active while I am more quiet and reversed , but we still get along extremely well . We can talk for hours about anything .
When Jo and I are together , we argue a lot , but that's also part of the fun . Besides , I know she will always be there for me when I need her , and she knows I'll be there for her .
Exactly . Having Jo as my friend is one of the best things that's ever happened to me .
What ’ s the matter , Sally ? You look so unhappy .
What happened ?
Your bag ? Did you get it back ?
Are you free this evening , Li ?
What a pity . I wanted to go for a drink with you .
No , I haven ’ t got any plans .
Do you like a package tour or to travel alone ?
Here , Let me get the door for you .
Do you need a hand with that ?
Sam , what shall I do with my stocks ? Will I lose money ?
What do you mean by that ?
Is that so ?
You should have seen the line at the housing office.It took me an hour to make my dormitory deposit for next year . Have you made yours yet ?
Why not ? There ’ s not much time left . Are you short of cash ?
You ’ d better hurry up if you wanna a dorm room next September ...
Do you have any idea how much that would cost ?
You should study in the library the way I do . Think of the money you ’ d save .
What a wonderful party ! I had a good time . How about you ?
Shall I give you a ride home ?
It's no trouble at all because your house is on the way to my place .
Hello , my name is Xu Hua . I'm from Beijing .
Welcome to China , Paula .
Have you heard that Mel Gibson was arrested by the police last week ?
For suspicion of driving under influence .
You've met her before , haven't you ?
Excuse me , Sir , do you know what time it is ?
Thank you .
Yeah . I was in a hurry and I forgot my umbrella today .
Oh , that ’ s very kind of you . I am going to the Garden Hotel .
We'd like to invite you over for dinner this Friday evening . Can you come ?
Yes . We hope you'll be able to join us .
Good !
How about 6:00 ?
Isn't this lovely weather ? Will you help me water the flowers , Jack ?
I do.We haven't watered them for quite a few days .
Good.So we don't have to work.How nice !
Why ?
Can you speak English ?
Where did you learn it ?
What else can you speak ?
What ’ s the difference between football and rugby ?
In rugby , players pass the ball by throwing it to team mates , don ’ t they ?
I know how goals are scored in football , but how about in rugby ?
There ’ s a lot more physical contact in rugby , isn ’ t there ?
The ball is a different shape in rugby , isn ’ t it ?
What do you say to eating out , Maggie ?
Do we need to book a table in advance ?
What time shall we go ?
How do you like other films starring Charlie Chaplin ?
You don't like the performance , do you ?
Who's that striking woman over there ?
Really ? Why not ? She looks great .
Really ? Tell me more .
Wow , crikey . So what happened ?
Wow .
I have no idea what you're talking about .
Could you excuse me a moment ? I have to make a phone call
What is the movie you saw last night ?
How do you like it ?
But I heard the box office rose up to 15 million in the first week .
My sister has given me two tickets for tonight . It is called ' The life of Rose ' , a French movie .
It tells the lifetime of a lady singer from a beggar in the street to a famous singer in the world . It is a kind of tragedy .
Let's go . The time is coming .
Hi ! Peter . How are you ?
I cannot ignore her suggestion . In fact I always value her suggestion .
Well , it takes two to to make a happy marriage .
Who ’ s that ?
Oh , please come in . nice to see you .
Yeah , I ’ m trying to decorate my house .
But actually it ’ s not done yet . I ’ m going to get a special pendent lamp .
Do you like music ?
Do you think the music is well-matched ?
How about the words of the song ?
I like it . Naturally it can arouse your feelings .
Of course , and I also like the rhythms .
Really . It's worth listening to and enjoying .
Hey , Wen ! Welcome to D . C . ! Glad you came out to visit !
Howard is eighty percent black . But there are whites , and even Asians here . Thankfully , it's also coed .
Sorry , nope . But the Alpha Phi Alpha's are throwing a party tonight .
How could you handle living in such a big family ? Does everyone get along ?
In such a big family , there must be a head . Who's the head of your family ?
Is a family like yours common in South Korea ?
My family setup is a bit different . In New York city , there're only three people , my mother , my stepfather and me . During this summertime , I fly out to California and live with my dad . Dad's getting
To be blunt , maybe I won't be able to get along with his new wife or her kids .
But four boys !
You are right , I guess.The world keeps changing , and so do families . But I like a small-sized or medium-sized family where everybody is equal to everybody else . That's what I want .
That's a great idea !
Hello , Kate .
I was almost on line the whole night .
No , I listened to the music , too .
I'm going to have some people over for dinner Saturday night.Would you like to join us ?
Some other time then ?
Ma , I really don't know how to thank you .
It's most kind of you .
If there's ever anything I can do for you , Don't hesitate to let me know .
I'm most grateful .
You're acting weird tonight .
What brought this on ?
Hey , Mary , can you cut that out ?
The tapping of your pen on your desk . It ’ s driving me crazy .
I don ’ t slurp my coffee . And plus , how can you hear it when you ’ re shouting into your phone all the time ?
Look , we have a lot of accumulated anger from working in these conditions , and it ’ s probably okay to let off steam once in a while . But , it ’ s probably not a good idea to keep it up I ’ m willing to forgive and forget and if you are .
what do you think about all the different diets people go on ?
but what do you think about people who are obese ? What should they do to lose weight ?
so you think it's ok for people who are dieting to eat chocolate ?
how about drinking soda ?
that's good advice . Have you ever tried taking vitamins ?
how do you know so much about food and dieting ?
Bill , I have received the admission letter from Cambridge University !
How about you ? Have you got any news from university ?
John , if you don't mind , I'd like to ask you a personal question .
All right . Are you married ?
Then , when do you plan to get married ?
Bob , put on your shoes , your feet are really smelly .
But don't forget you are in a cafe .
I simply can't bear your barbaric behavior .
You should feel shameful for your behavior .
What are you doing over the weekend , Sara ?
I want to go camping , you know , just get a way for the weekend . I'm not sure I'll be able to , though .
She is kind of player who never hides how she's feeling . Once look at her and you know if she's winning or losing .
Good afternoon , Johnson .
hey Ayden , I was wondering if you could do me a favor .
it's kind of a big favor . I'm absolutely flat broke , and I owe my landlady $ 200 . she's given me until Friday to give it to her , but I don't get paid until next Monday . Do you think you could loans
if you can't give me the full amount , a fraction of it would still help . I'll pay you back on Monday . I promise .
thanks a lot Ayden . Every little bit will help . Tell you what , if you aren't doing anything tonight , why don't you come over and have dinner at my place .
how about at 6 pm ?
You don't have to play that record so loud , do you ?
Yes . And please ask me the next time you want to use something .
I'm going over to the gym . I want to do some running .
Are you kidding ? Do you know how cold it is today ?
No , it's not . Not at all . I'd probably freeze my lungs .
You ?
I didn't know you could exercise .
Yeah , I know . But you ? I always thought you were only good at lifting beer bottles to your mouth .
You're going to lift weights ? Hah !
I'm sorry . I just can't imagine you lifting weights .
It's true . If a person doesn't exercise , they get sluggish.That ' s why I keep running . Even in the winter .
But lifting weights isn't the best thing.You should do some kind of aerobic exercise .
It sounds like a good plan to me . I'm still ... I mean ...
The boss is mad at you .
Bob , what are you thinking about ?
When do you go ?
I have never seen so many flavors of ice cream in one place !
Vanilla with toppings is my favorite .
No way ! Do you have a flavors you don't like ?
I agree with that , it just doesn't work for me .
I think that would be horrible !
I heard that ben is forming his own band .
can you play a musical instrument ? If you can , he might ask you to join the band .
I wish I could play a musical instrument . I love music .
I'd love to try it.but the equipment is expensive and it was still take a lot of practice .
Hey , Frank , there is that Janet Check .
She sure knows how to strut her stuff .
And look out she's dressed .
No way . Her old man is rich . He buys her anything she wants .
I think you've lost it .
I admit that she is much prettier than Kate .
I'm going to America .
I hope before the end of the month .
Who is Cindy ’ s husband ?
How many children do Cindy and Ron have ?
Do they have any grandchildren ?
Does their daughters get along well with her in-laws ?
Do they have a large family ?
What do you think of doctor Thompson ?
How can you be so sure ?
Where do you live , Kim ?
Oh , that's convenient , but ... how much crime is there ?
. I have a house in the suburbs .
No , not much . In fact , nothing ever really happens . That's the trouble .
I must be going now .
No , I really must go now . My family are expecting me home soon .
Good morning , Jerry . How's everything ?
Doing anything for lunch ?
It's awfully hot .
It seems a glorious day today .
It's beginning to spot .
I don't think I'm getting better .
did you get my email ?
sure .
well , to be honest , nothing is more stressful than going on a business trip with our boss .
I also think the company is pretty cheap with travel expenses . I spent half of the weekend on a train ! Surely they could have afforded to buy a few plane tickets !
I see . Well , then perhaps they could give me a few days off after a business trip . It was really tiring for me .
thank you . I can't imagine getting much done today . I'm just too exhausted !
Hello !
Yes .
Just a minute please . Oh , I'm sorry , all the tickets for tonight have been sold out .
Oh , you're lucky , there are just two tickets left . Do you want to take them ?
OK , your name and telephone number please .
Yes , of course .
I really like the book you lent me the other day .
And thank you very much for letting me keep it so long .
Everyone in our class enjoyed it too.It ' s very interesting .
Would you mind me keeping it for another three days ?
I've got to go home and study .
The test tomorrow .
How did you first meet ?
Was it love at first sight ? Did you fall in love with her the first time you met her ?
What is the correct time , please ?
When will you lecture begin ?
You ’ re a wonderful person , Kathleen .
And I ’ m so honored that you would want to be with me because you would never be with anyone who wasn ’ t truly worthy .
Don ’ t , don ’ t , don ’ t , don ’ t say that . That , that makes it worse .
You don ’ t love me ?
But we ’ re so right for each other .
Mary , can you help me set the table ?
This is usually my chore .
We need to set the table for four .
That's right . Mom didn't know where to buy chopsticks for you .
Excuse me . would you lend me some wreckers
Until Monday or Tuesday next week .
Shall we go to cinema this evening ? The new blockbuster starring mel gibson is showing . It ’ s supposed to be really good .
It ’ s a thriller . It has Julia Roberts playing the female lead .
What did the critic say ?
The movie starts at eight o ’ clock , so we have plenty of time to eat and get ready .
Do you have the five dollars I lent you yesterday ?
You don't have to go right away .
What are your hobbies , Mr . Green ?
But it's an expensive hobby , isn't it ?
I usually play chess with my friends . But I like playing basketball best .
No , I'm not very good at it . I play just for the fun of it .
Are you satisfied with the dishes ?
I like it , too . I like the fish especially . It's so fresh , and the flavoury is kind of like for a fresh water fish .
If you like , I'll take you to a new restaurant next time , I just heard about it from my friend , and he was just raving about it . It's such a great Sichuan cuisine . Would you like to try that ?
Great , I love hot food too .
Hey Michelle . Good to see you . Are you at lunch ?
No , I wish I was ! I just got back from Spain actually .
My first time . I've traveled around Europe a lot , but this was my first time to Spain . It was amazing , and the weather was just beautiful ! No rain , and just sun , sun , sun ...
That looks like an interesting book .
There are the pymeids . It ’ s easy to see how they got that name ! they don ’ t have smooth sides though .
Look at that cylindrical office building . I ’ Ve never been seen one that shape before .
Tv towers are usually thicker at the bottom than at the top . They ’ re not perfectly cylindrical .
What sports do they play there ?
Is that building a perfect cube ?
Yes , sir ?
Are the galaxies in the universe moving through space ?
But I heard that our Milky way galaxy may one day collide with a neighboring galaxy . If galaxies are moving apart from each other , how can they collide ?
Wow , you're really informative . Thanks a lot .
Isn ’ t he the best instructor ? I think * he ’ s so hot . Wow ! I really feel energized , don ’ t you ?
What ’ s wrong ? Didn ’ t you think it was fun ? !
Oh , no , get off it . It wasn ’ t such a killer class . You just have to get into it . Like they say , no pain , no gain .
Look , next time get yourself some comfy shoes . You ’ re gonna come back again with me , aren ’ t you ?
I like the design of the coat .
Anyway , it's my ideal coat . I'll take it .
Do you have any hobbies ?
Oh , that's interesting . Do you have a garden ?
Your garden is really lovely .
Do you take care of them everyday ?
Don't you feel dull ?
What ? You golden watch is lost ?
It's an open book that it was stolen by the man in black .
Good morning , Miss .
Yes . I'd like to know how to use the library . You know , I'm a new student here .
Do you have much experience with kids ?
To tell you the truth , sometimes I regret having a baby so early . I have been making so many sacrifices just because my husband insisted on keeping the baby .
What about your mother ? Did she help you ?
I see . So if my little family goes to America , I would end up taking care of my child all the time . My husband would have to make the bread for us . I just don ’ t know how I would get some education and be able to get a job some day .
Sounds not so easy to me . When that happens , I will be too old to learn .
Hey , Daniel , how's it going ?
Wow , it's so strange for you to say things like that . What had happened ?
Did your teacher tell you the route he took ?
Great , do you still remember when he started his voyage ?
Good , by the way , do you finish reading the book Robinson Crusoe I've bought for you ?
You should speed up , because the story of Robinson can give you a better understanding about what you learned today .
That's my boy ! Wait , Daniel , when is Pirates of the Caribbean on ?
Exactly , now , tell me the time .
Most of our customers are foreigners . How many foreign languages can you speak , Elizabeth ?
And how well can you speak them ?
And how about your Spanish ?
I see . Well , we have a lot of Spanish customers , but you wouldn't need to write any Spanish here .
This historian is famous in the field of Tang Dynasty .
Right , to be famous to be respectable in some way .
He has lots of hobbies .
He ’ s won a dozen prizes for his pictures and roses .
He lets his cousins look after his business .
Good morning , Miss Li .
I ’ m sorry that I was absent yesterday .
I feel much better now .
I ’ Ve already got it . Thanks .
We'd better leave now .
Where are we headed now ?
Awesome . Was someone killed there ?
Cool ! Is it safe for us to eat there though ?
How is everything going with your girlfriend ?
Oh , I am sorry to hear that . I did't know that you had split up . What happened ?
Really ! Did she tell you why she didn't show up ?
What was she thinking ? Did you confront her about it when you saw her ?
I can't believe she would do that to you . It's so dishonest-and rude !
I bet you that she regrets what she's done . You are such a good catch ! She really lost out , didn't she ?
How do you usually spend your leisure time ? I mean , do you have any special interests out of your job ?
Yeah , you ’ re quite right and what ’ s your hobby ?
Oh , photography , It ’ s really a good hobby .
You yourself have a photo studio ?
Have we handed out all the water ?
Nothing . The teacher said the only thing left was to get back all the disposable cups later .
Terrific . There is one girl said , It is the best game I've ever watched .
Clive was really outstanding . Not only he put on a big show himself , but also he inspired the whole team .
On the other hand , I think the other team won everyone's respect . The leader said they could have crumpled at the beginning , but they just carried on and never lost their cool .
The thing I like most about them is that they did not play with a heavy heart even though at that time the odds seemed to be against them .
I'd like to reserve two seats for tomorrow night .
Isn't there anything less expensive ?
Let's do something different today .
I would like you to give me a different hair style .
Give me a short haircut .
I want you to cut it to a few inches long .
I've had this idea for some time now .
This is what I want .
We can go to the cinema or say at home watching TV , what's it to be ?
I am thinking about resigning from my current job .
Yes , I have been thinking about it for quite a while . Now I finally make up my mind to leave . I have given my resignation letter to our boss last Friday .
Yes , I will move on to XYZ Company .
Hi , Francis .
Not bad . It seems you are super yogurt lover . You have so many in your cart .
Oh , I haven ’ t noticed that before . Maybe I will try next time .
Thank you . In fact , I am in a hurry . My wife is waiting for me at the parking lot .
Hi ! What are you watching ?
Wow ! So many people ! Where are they and what are they doing ?
Why do they go there ?
When muslims pray , they face towards mecca .
I heard about that . The pilgrims must walk around a large , sacred black stone .
Pilgrimages are common in many faiths .
Isn ’ t there a place in france where people go to get healed ?
Do you think that there is something magical about that place ?
Why do you want to go to the U . S . ?
What will you do when you come home ?
Do you feel your English is good enough for the course ?
Who will be your supporter during your stay in the States ?
How long do you expect to stay there ?
I don't know what to say . This can't be happening . Here's the obituary .
But it explains why Taylor isn't answering and Femi took time off from work .
This says the viewing is at Myers Funeral Home today until five .
Dear Anna . I really love you .
I want to take care of you forever . Will you marry me ?
Am I too abrupt ? Did I scare you ? Or you don't want ...
Oh , I'm so happy . I will try my best to love you and protect you . I promise .
Let me wear you this diamond ring .
Balista , pull me a ristretto .
It's basically a very strong espresso . Half the water pulled through the same amount of beans . Pure coffee essence .
The Spring Festival is drawing close . By then we will have five days off . I am expecting it .
Just like you celebrate Christmas , we celebrate our lunar New Year's Day , the Spring Festival . It is a time for the family members and relatives to have a get-together .
Christmas has more religious nature , while our Spring Festival is a more traditional holiday . On the New Year's Eve , we have a big dinner called ' Family Reunion Dinner ' . One of the traditional food to eat at the dinner is dumplings . After that , the adults usually sit chatting , watching TV , or playing cards .
They usually go outside to play firecrackers and fireworks .
Perhaps it is like what people told you . At 24 hours midnight , the time when the New Year really comes , we exchange ' Happy New Year ' to each other , and parents and grandparents will take out small packages wrapped with red paper , in them are some what we call ' Lucky Money .
We ’ re going to the movies . Will you join us ?
Why not ?
Then would you like to have lunch with us ?
Would you like me to give you a lift ?
Come on . It ’ s no trouble at all .
Bob refused all his classmates ' invitation .
He is surely a hard nut , nobody likes approaching him .
Are your ready to go to the supermarket ?
I've got my money and my keys , so I'm ready .
It wasn't cold out this morning .
Well , I guess we'd better grab our umbrellas then , as well .
It does , actually . Maybe we should wait for it to clear up before we go shopping .
Ok . I'll go move the car if you turn the heat on . It's a bit chilly in here .
I don't know . The weatherman didn't say anything about this in his weather report last night .
I don't think we have anything to worry about . Do you want to put on a cup of tea as well ?
If I'm not back in ten minutes , come and find me .
At the Beijing Olympics , all four table tennis events were all-Chinese finals . A clean sweep again !
Do you know any secrets to China's success ?
So , the national ping-pong team must be a highly competitive membership .
For example ?
Oh , dear ! It's an encroachment on individual rights !
I can ’ t believe my English teacher is making me read pride and prejudice !
But it ’ s so old .
No , not at all .
I didn ’ t realize it was a romance novel . What ’ s the main storyline ?
Why does he want to do that ?
Won ’ t they get his inheritance ?
I see . This sounds interesting ! Maybe my teacher isn ’ t so horrible after all .
There ’ s movie ? My teacher didn ’ t tell me that !
It would take a lot less time ...
Hello !
Hi , Jason ! Long time no see . How's the hotel ?
I know what you mean .
I am leaving in two weeks .
Oh , I am sorry , Jason . I've already got plans for Friday evening . How about Saturday ?
7 is fine with me .
When do you want to have the open house party ?
Friday sounds good .
I like that . Then the adults will be more free to mingle and relax .
I'm so excited . Finally , a yard of my own .
Dad , I'm scared .
But , dad , it's stormy outside .
I'm so glad that the spring festival is near at hand .
Think of the big face down the eve , hmm .
Hey , do you know any mystery belief serve the festival ?
You know why fire crackers are set off in festival .
And also to frighten away evil spirits .
And my parents say the whole year will be as good or as bad as new year day itself and bad or rude words on the day will bring a bad year .
Mary likes mountain climbing .
Yes , she's a professional climber .
You must be feeling terrible for Mary .
I'm worried that she can't catch up with her class .
You wouldn't believe what I got in the mail today !
it's a letter from Ray and Sue in Shanghai !
no , I thought I'd wait until you got home .
ok . It says , " Dear Jessica . It was so good to receive you letter . I sounds like you and Riley are settling into your new home with ease ... "
just a few weeks ago . Sue and I send letters to each other often .
ok ... I'm going to have to skip over this section . It's girl-talk .
oh . It's actually all rather personal .
ok , it just says , ball , blah , blah ... " Ray and I look forward to seeing you in June . Write soon . With love , Sue . "
didn't I tell you ? We're going to Shanghai to stay with them in June .
Jack , what do you think about the election ?
How many people have flung their hats into the ring ?
Who do you think will be elected ?
I think Mr . White would be elected , you know he has spent millions in this campaign and he blasted the opposition in his campaign speech .
May doesn't get along very well with her mother-in-law .
Poor John ! He is bettering bother sides of this bread .
Can you tell me the time ? I've got an appointment at 8: 30 .
Holly , I just heard some terrible news .
What ? No , I heard that he has stomach cancer . His ex-girlfriend said it .
Maybe that's why he didn't show up at the potluck . Have you seen him ?
Hi , Kate .
Yeah , I saw someone walking like you , but I wasn ’ t sure . We haven ’ t seen each other for how long ? Almost three months ? But you look quite different now .
Oh , you look quite slender and more vivacious . What have you been taking ? Are you on a diet ?
Wow ! That ’ s great . I sincerely want to achieve my weight loss goals , but it ’ s difficult for me to keep up the exercise . Also you know , old habits are hard to break .
Dance ? You only go dancing ? That ’ s not hard . I can do that .
What food do you fancy ?
How about going to Joe's Restaurant .
Hello , Jack.It ' s good of you to come .
Thank you , Jack.To be frank , I'd rather forget my birthday .
Sam , we are hard up for the everyday expenses . When can you find a job .
I'm sorry , but I can't find the book you lent me . I guess I have lost it .
I really feel bad about it . Let me buy you a new one .
What's your favorite magazine ?
What kind of magazine is it ?
Really ? It is a weekly , isn't it ?
Does it enjoy popularity among the young generation ?
Hello ? Is that Mark ?
I've been overseas , So have you been busy lately ?
Yes , I was just wondering when you'd have time to go fishing .
That sounds good . I've missed you my friend .
Thanks for inviting me to your friend ’ s wedding . I was surprised to hear the bride and groom talking to each other that way during the marriage ceremony . Is that common ?
Your tradition of throwing rice as they got into their car was interesting , but it didn't look like real rice to me .
Oh , I didn't think of that . Well , this reception reminds me of weddingparties back in China . Plenty of food and drink , music and dancing , and interesting traditions .
She ’ s got quite a crowd around her . Oh , look ! That little girl caught it !
We are doing ' Secret Santa ' at the office again this year .
I got Jacob . Any ideas what to get him ?
So , Monica , what do you feel like doing this afternoon ?
That ’ s too bad . I hate sand storms too . It can be worse than any kind of bad weather .
It is not an easy job . The government is working on it . Lots of trees have been planted in the north of the capital . Also , methods of generating rain are being used by the government to fight against the drought . But of course , it will not work overnight . So , have you come out with a new plan for today ?
Hey ! What's up ?
Yeah , I've been out of town .
Bob refused all his classmates ' invitations .
He is surely a hard nut , nobody likes approaching him .
Hey , Paul , why the long face ?
Try me .
Take it easy , maybe tomorrow will be different .
I give up ! I simply can't learn French !
No , I'm not . I try and try and I still can't speak it very well .
Would you like to go to a party tonight ?
Would 7:00 be OK ?
Hello , I'm Jack . Are you Christina ?
Are you from Italy , Christina ?
Really , I went to Munich last week .
Oh , yes . It is a fantastic city . And I like German food as well .
I am from California in the United States . But I am now studying in England .
I am studying languages . This year I am doing German and Italian .
hi , Charlie ! What are you reading ?
who ’ s it about ?
who is he ?
who ’ s the author ?
what do you think about it ?
can I read it when you ’ re done ?
how many chapters does the book have ?
when do you think you ’ ll have finished reading it ?
thanks . Charlie !
Whip me if I get below 80 marks out of 100 !
Where are you planning on transferring to ?
Where do you want to go ?
You haven ’ t thought about it ?
Why don ’ t you just continue going to PCC ?
It ’ s a great school .
So , have you made your decision yet ?
Any plans tonight ?
Well , I am wondering if we took a hang-out for a drink or something . You know , I just came back from a really tough interview . I was quite nervous during the interview . I really want to have the job . Right now , I am still a little on the edge . I am not sure if I could convince them during the interview .
I don ’ t know . I think I did well in the paper exams . I was prepared to answer a lot of questions , but they didn ’ t ask those as I expected . To my surprise , the manager tried to talk about the Chinese poesy with me .
Mary , how was your date with john ?
Oh , really . That is great news . What does he look like ?
Sounds like he is pretty cute . What do you think of him ?
Oh , it's love at first sight . When will you see each other again ?
Maybe he is busy with his work . Just wait and try not to think about it too much !
Come on , Mary , you're a total catch . I bet he will call you . Don't worry .
In my opinions , someone else has caused the fire of this house .
I ’ m not sure now . In any case , let ’ s first make some careful investigations .
So Dick , how about getting some coffee for tonight ?
Come on , you can at least try a little , besides your cigarette .
Thank you for your hospitality , Leon . I had a wonderful time !
David , why didn ’ t you clean the room ?
Why are you feeling depressed ?
I don ’ t think she will do such a thing .
Oh , cheer up . A girlfriend is not everything .
Then forgive her mistake .
Which university did you graduate from ?
When did you graduate ?
You are friend of Janet , right ? I am Andrew , Andrew Smith .
I'm sorry , I didn't quite catch that .
Would you like a cigarette ?
Really ? Why ?
I see . You mean you don't enjoy smoking any more ?
Stop talking like my mother . That's what she keeps saying .
What do you mean ? What are you talking about ?
Who ? Me ? Could't give up smoking ? Nonsense ! Of course I could ! I know I could !
Do you think Mr . Johnson is a good worker ?
Haven't you ever seen him working late ?
What do you think of smoking ?
What in your opinion can be done to stop smoking ?
But that ’ ll affect the national economy .
How about painting a warning on each cigarette packet ?
I'm here to express my congratulations to you on your birthday . And I wish you many happy returns of the day . Here is a birthday present for you .
How did you spend the weekend ?
Really ? How was it ?
Oh , yeah ? What's it about ?
Sounds pretty good . Is it a tragedy ?
Oh , I like movies with surprise endings , although , sometimes they can be frustrating . Maybe I should invite my girlfriend to go next weekend .
Would you like to come out with me tonight ?
Tomorrow night , then ?
I ’ m wondering if you like to go to the theatre then .
Ok . How about give me a ring , then ?
Why not ?
My goodness ! You ’ re kidding !
That ’ s amazing ! You got a good pay here , didn ’ t you ?
Come on ! Don ’ t be silly !
All of my friends are going out to the lake tonight and I'm going too !
Hello , Anna speaking !
Jason , where have you been hiding lately ? You know it's been a long time since your last call . Have you been good ?
I am fine . What have you been doing ?
That's great , congratulations !
That's good . So I guess I'll have to make an appointment to see you .
How long have you been working there ?
How do you like your new boss ?
Much better than the last one , huh ?
Forget about him . Come over to my house tonight . Let's get drunk .
8 it is . See you then .
Shall we go to a movie tonight ?
Gone with the Wind .
I never understand why these shops have so much liquor .
But why ? Why don't people like to buy shirts duty-free ? Or shoes ? I just don't understand why it's always liquor .
You mean liquor has a higher tax than other things ?
No , I didn't . How high is the tax ?
Why would the government want to tax liquor so much ?
That's why a lot of people buy cigarettes here too , isn't it ?
What do you plan to do on Sunday morning ?
How about going to English corner with me ?
Why not ?
Why are you walking to and fro in the room ?
Don ’ t worry . They are grown-ups .
Mary , why don't you come to my house this Saturday ?
Come on , Mary . This is America . You make your own decisions here .
Of course .
It's 555-4321 .
They must be your parents , what do they do ?
Do they often take you out ?
I went to the doctor yesterday .
I said I had been to the doctor the day before .
He said I ' d got the flu .
He told me to stay in bed for ten days .
Have a nice weekend .
It seems to be clearing up .
I really don't think this weather will last .
There's a new play tonight .
' Romeo and Juliet ' .
It's about their great love .
Of course . Do you want to see it ?
No , I don't .
Good idea . Let's goa
Wow ! What happened to you ? You look sad .
That's unbelievable . Why did this happen ?
Your father looks much younger in the picture .
How old is he now ?
Hello ! Let me introduce myself . My name is Nancy .
No , I just started working here at IBM , I am in the sale department .
I main market reasearch , and you ?
Really ? I don't believe I would met him , is he here now ?
Hey John , did you register for classes yet ?
What classes do you plan on taking ?
Is that class really that popular ?
What other classes are you going to take ?
I took that class already . There is a lot of writing , but it's not that bad .
I had Professor Mahoney .
I'm not sure if he is or not , but I thought he was definitely fair .
Not at all . I got a 3.8 .
I got a 4.0 in that class .
It's not what it appears . I actually tried harder in the 101 class . If I put as much effort into the 201 class , I would have received the same grade .
Mr . Smith is really a thorough drag .
He's endless talking about stocks almost bores me to death .
Hello , Green here .
Oh , yes .
I'll be please to if I can . What can I do for you ?
Yes , I think I can help you . Why not you come around and see me ? Do you know my office ?
Good , where are you now ?
oh , well , that's just a few minutes walk to my office , come around and see me now .
Like to come over to our fancy dress party ?
Well , then join us some other time .
What are your plans for today ?
Would you like to have dinner with me at King Hotel at 7pm ?
Could you do me a favour ? I don ’ t understand this French document .
School has added several new courses to our grade this semester . I have more homework to do now .
I like science most .
Surprise ?
I do like PE , but I am interested in science .
Through this course , I can learn more about the world around us clearly .
Naughty ? I'm naughty ? I'm just clever . So I only do the things I am interested in .
Hi , Tony . Haven ’ t seen you for a long time . How have you been ?
Yes , I've got a job , a waiter's job in a restaurant .
Well , $ 10 per hour , but I can keep the tips . That comes to roughly $ 80 every evening
Actually , there's still another opening . If you are interested , you ’ ll surely get it .
There ’ s no rush . You can see him tomorrow . I ’ Ve told him about you . He promised to give you the job .
Think nothing of it , Tony . I ’ m sure you ’ d do the same for me .
First of all , you must be punctual . You should be there before 6 p . m . so that you will have half an hour for preparation changing clothes and things like that . Then , remember you should smile . Smile to your customers all the time . Never pull a long face even If you feel awful that day . Anything else ? Oh , yes . Never argue with your boss . Learn to say ' Yes , sir . '
You may put it that way if you like . Don ’ t worry . You ’ ll have no problem .
Hi , Tim , any news about your job interview ?
Oh , what a pity !
Hello , Kith , can you and Alice come around this evening ? We prefer your coming .
About 7 o'clock .
Tom , I married Julia last month . Have you already known it ?
Indeed , we got married too soon .
Yes . However , I believe that marriage comes by destiny . I knew I would marry Julia when I met her at the first time .
We're happy together now .
What did you learn at the workshop you went to yesterday ? Do you think it was worth the investment to go ?
The workshop was only one afternoon long , do you really think you can learn that much in only a couple of hours ?
Sounds like you really learned a lot .
Every teacher likes him .
How he manages to do that is always a mystery to me .
There's just one catch . Zina asked me to let you know .
She promised that we'd be ready to start tracking the Stars.com web site by the end of next week .
Yes , I think she is just a little bit crazy .
Would you like to have some more wine ?
I ’ m terribly sorry to cause you so much trouble .
Do you know where Helen is ?
What sport do you like the most ?
Me too . Did you play when you were a kid ?
What position did you play ?
I hate third base . It's scary when the ball is coming at you so fast .
I played outfield . I hated the infield because I never figured out all the bounces .
I'm on a softball league . It's not fast pitch , but it's still fun . You wanna join our group ?
We play either Tuesdays or Thursdays .
Jane's mother always wants her to marry a big shot . J
I'm back .
Going shopping . It tires me too much .
Can I ?
OK . What does it sell ?
Hey Nick , what are you up to ?
Seriously ? You mean to fire a real weapon ? I don ’ t know man .
Yeah that would be cool ! Maybe I can also have a try at other weapons like a machine gun or a shotgun ! Maybe even a rocket launcher or an anti tank missile ! Or what about a flame thrower !
Wow , I didn ’ t know ! It always looks so cool and easy in the movies !
I went out with Leo last night . It was really exciting .
What kind of note are you taking there . That looks like doodle to me .
Does that actually work for you ?
I like to use shorthand note taking .
Hmm . I never thought about it that way .
I heard that ben is forming his own band .
Can you play a musical instrument ? If you can , he might ask you to join the band .
I wish I could play a musical instrument . I love music .
I love to try it , but the instrument is expensive and it was still need to take a lot of practice .
It's one of the highlights of the match .
The wonderful passing Melaena did .
Susan has been down recently . I saw her this morning , she looked terrible !
She broke up with her boyfriend .
She still loves him . That's why she feels upset . Her love is always hard and confusing ...
Your tree looks beautiful . Do you decorate it this way every year ?
Well , everything seems to be just about ready . Now all we need is snow.Do you exchange the presents in the morning ?
Has your family lived here for long ?
You have a fantastic view .
Look ! You can see the village way down in the valley .
Hi , Mary . I haven't seen you in ages ! I heard that you and Daniel are getting married on August 8th , the opening day of the 2008 Olympic Games . Is it true ?
good for you ! It sounds like you've done a lot of planning in a very short time .
is everything ready now ?
have you tried The Peninsula Palace Beijing ? My wedding reception was held there and they did an excellent job .
it's an excellent hotel . A friend of mine had her wedding reception there and said it was perfect , though very expensive .
I guess you're right . I can help you ask other hotels . I am sure there are probably some available .
Are you doing something on Saturday evening ? If not , welcome to my new apartment .
Yes , I have been busy emptying the packing boxes and cleaning up the mats . Right now , it looks like a home . I would like to have a small celebration party . Please do come .
It is in the DX community , Room 306 , No . 2 building . It is very easy to find . Just ask the guard at the entrance .
I invited all the colleagues in our department and also my former neighbor , Paul . He is a very good person . You should meet him .
What are you doing over the weekend , Sara ?
I want to go camping , you know , just get a way for the weekend . I'm not sure I'll be able to , though .
What brings you to Beijing ?
I've heard that you've made a new strange friend recently , Sophie .
So you can learn a lot from him .
Happy new year !
Have you got any plans ?
I can't wait to go skiing tomorrow .
I always get excited the day before .
I only go skiing twice a year , so it's a real treat for me .
What things make you excited ?
Oh ... that makes me excited too !
I heard you are busy with your new house now ?
Let meet this right — — do you want to buy the house ?
But it is far from downtown . Living here is very inconvenient .
What can I do for you ?
Did you check our database to see if it was on the shelf ?
Is it on the shelf ?
Apparently somebody took that book out of the library .
We will definitely be getting another .
That won ’ t be a problem .
When can we expect you and your daughter for dinner ? Next Saturday ?
How about Sunday then ?
Does six thirty suit you ?
Do you mind helping me ?
I'm not sure how to find my next class .
The C building , I think .
Could you point me in that direction ?
It's C261 .
Can you show it to me ?
Could we go over some things , because I think my test score is wrong .
Both .
Yeah , I'm ready .
These look strange .
OK , let's do the calculation .
I see .
How can I live without Helen ?
Did you hear peter just retired ?
He is not young as he looks . I think he's almost sixty .
Lodge , You must come around sometime , You have to check out my mew stereo .
Can you make it on Tuesday ?
Anytime after six will be fine .
How long have you been living in New York ?
Where do your parents live ?
Do you write or call them very much ?
I don't dare ask Jane for a date .
Excuse me , what's your name ?
John .
Thank you .
Sure . It's 5:10 PM .
I said it's 5:10 PM .
Japanese is easy to learn .
I don't think so.There ' re so many familiar characters and they sound just like Chinese .
Today people are hearing about information superhighways and the intermet .
Yes , I think so . My friend once used it mostly to play chess , but now he has learnt how to do other things on the Internet .
That's true . I can imagine companies sending advertisements directly to customers over the net . Customers , in turn , can examine and compare whatever goods they want to buy and tell their computers to find them at the best price offered .
What ’ s the problem ? Things are getting out of hand . You keep sticking your nose where it doesn ’ t belong .
How was your holiday to Cyprus ?
Did you happen to meet someone ?
You always act like this when you ’ Ve fallen in love . Who is he ? How did you meet ?
Was it love at first sight ?
And ?
That happened quickly ! Are you going to see him again ?
It sounds like he is madly in love with you . Are you ready for such a serious relationship ?
Are you a smoker ?
Would you describe yourself as being a heavy smoker ?
When did you begin to smoke ?
Might I ask if you have tried to give up smoking ?
what do you hope to do when you finish university ?
after I graduate , I have to do some more studies to pass exams to become a lawyer . I think I ’ Ve got a good chance of passing . There ’ s a possibility of getting a job with a law firm in London , provide
if life were easy , then we ’ d achieve our ambition quickly and then get bored .
that ’ s why ambition need to be realistic . You can ’ t achieve something that ’ s totally unrealistic .
I think it ’ s important to be successful in a field you are truly interested in , not something that other people force you to be interested it .
Hey , Susie , what health club do you belong to ?
Well , I ’ Ve been going to Athletic Express , but I don ’ t like it there .
The people don ’ t really work out there . They just stand around and talk all the time .
Yeah , is your club different ?
Do they have a lot of equipment ?
Sounds nice . What about classes ?
Wow , that sounds great .
Really ? Thanks . I ’ ll stop by when I get off work .
Do you like traveling ?
Where did you visit ?
How did you like it ?
Why did you go there ?
And do you have friends there ?
You must have enjoyed yourself .
Susan , Did you know the four ugliest women in ancient China ?
There were some famous ugly women in history .
Though they were ugly , they had great virtue .
Mo Mu , Thong Lichen , Meng Gang and Ran Nv . They were well respected .
I wonder how Sarah and Mat are .
I'm not surprised . She's a plain Jane .
What's up ? You look depressed .
Would you rather I taught him a lesson for you ?
Nowadays , ships and boats are no longer so important in transportation as they used to be .
I read in the newspapers that the passenger liners from Shanghai to Ningpo and Dalian have been out of business ; and the liners up and down the Yangtze River have been reduced by 70 % .
I always think everybody looks down on me
How can you be optimistic ? You can see it in their eyes .
Don't be that negative .
Good afternoon , sir . May I help you ?
What's your name , please ?
I'm so glad that the Spring Festival is near at hand .
Think of the big face down the eve , hmm .
Hey , do you know any mystery belief serve the festival ?
You know why fire crackers are set off in festival .
And also to frighten away evil spirits .
And my parents say the whole year will be as good or as bad as new year day itself and bad or rude words on the day will bring a bad year .
Mom , did you feel the earthquake this afternoon ?
The breaking news just reported some houses were destroyed by the earthquake .
Do you think we can donate some clothes and food for the victims ?
It's really late but I'm starving .
Maybe they have some good pie .
There was a coffee shop by my house when I was a kid that served cinnamon hot chocolate .
Good stuff ... Oh , no . The door is locked .
How have you been ?
And how ’ s everyone in your family ?
How was your first date , David ? Are you satisfied with Jane ?
Yes , so I think she is suitable for you .
Stop acting like this . Say away !
What did she say ?
I wonder what he looks like . Oh , I can't wait to see him ! His email said he'd be wearing a white hat . ( looking around for him ) oh , there he is .
Logan ! Why on earth are you hiding here ? White hat ! Come on ! Don't tell me you're the guy ! It can't be true .
what a bummer ! You set me up ?
how dare you !
why did you lie to me in the email ?
I should have known it was you . No wonder all the 20 questions were answered correctly . I thought I might have found the one for me .
How beautiful the flower is !
You like it . Well , I'll gather in for you .
Where it is ?
I love that vase .
Yes , it looks perfect .
In my country , we go to school from 8 o'clock in the morning until five in the afternoon .
Actually , five and a half . On Saturday , we have classes only in the morning .
That's too much for us really .
I'm going to try to find out where the school is located .
I'm going to register right now .
Which is more interesting to you , flying kites or going roller-skating ?
I've got no kite . Do you have one ?
I heard that Ann had divorced .
Poor Ann . She did not love her husband at all .
how do you usually spend your day , now that you ’ Ve retired ?
what do you have for breakfast ?
that sounds nice . How do you spend your mornings ?
how do you spend your afternoons ?
Hi , my name is Ted , what ’ s yours ?
I said , I ’ m Ted , who are you ?
Do you somewhere often , Laura ?
Let ’ s go outside and talk . So Laura , do you come here often ?
I asked if you come here often .
No , this is my first time here .
Yeah , that ’ s why I ’ m here . My friends dragged me here , because they think I spend too much time studying .
People are funny .
Did you hear about the pilot ?
Yes , he stole a plane in Canada and flew into the U . S .
Yes . After two U . S . fighter jets followed him for an hour , he landed on a highway .
No , he just landed the plane and walked to a restaurant .
His life sucked . He was hoping a fighter jet would shoot him down .
When he told me I had to work overtime , that was it .
Yes , he's really pushed me too far .
You're going to Shanghai tomorrow , are you ?
It might be . You'd better take a heavy sweater with you.The nights are usually quite cold at this time of year .
Did you watch the Premiership last night ?
No , it wasn't . Rather , it looked like a Bundesliga match , where physical contact is so frequent . English League teams are apt to pass the midfield quickly with long passes . It seems to me English soccer players are very gentlemanly . As Diego Maradona spoke teasingly , they often knew only chasing hard after the ball , but forgot to steal it .
Which team do you back then ?
I'd like to purchase a parking permit for next semester .
I am a daytime student .
I will be driving my car .
I'll pay for it with a check .
No , thanks ; I'm fine .
What's your major in college ?
What research are you dealing with now ?
Would you like to go to a concert with me ?
Good morning , Miss Li .
I'm sorry that I was absent yesterday .
I feel much better now .
I've already got it . Thanks .
They promised us a sea view .
Isn't it awful ? I can't bear to look at it . I don't think I can stand this place for two weeks .
You are saying he will be promoted to the general manager ?
Are you sure ?
Just because he gets on well with everybody ?
What's Beijing like ?
What can I see in Beijing ?
What ’ s it like ?
Would you talk to me about taking one of Dr . Miller's classes ?
I'm thinking about taking his class next semester .
I'm not sure because I really need to learn something , but I also worry about grades .
I really need to learn this stuff .
Yes , that sounds right for me .
Yeah , I already knew that . That could be a good thing .
How was my singing ?
Hello . I was wondering if Taylor Smith has checked out yet ?
The cancer ward ! ? Oh , my . It's worse than we thought .
That's impossible ! I'm talking about Mister Taylor Smith .
I have something really cool to tell you about ! Do you know anything about online auctions ?
They're awesome ! I was browsing through the eBay auction today , and I found the cutest fat little copper Buddha ! It's over a hundred years old .
Why not ?
Excuse me . May I ask you some questions ?
Could you please tell me how many credits would be required for a bachelor's degree ?
OK . And how long does it take to get a bachelor's degree ?
I see . Thank you very much .
I have failed in my final examination . What can I do now ?
Would you like to go to a concert tonight ?
All right , then.There is one at the new concert hall .
It's the Powell orchestra .
They're doing a seventeenth-century program .
Your 3.5 percent share is going to be worth at least a million .
What if I said no ?
You wouldn't ! If you leave , you'll make nothing .
Shall I get you another cup of coffee ?
Shall I make more sandwiches ?
We're in big trouble , Jason . Nick is beating us by a long shot .
OK , comeback kid . Here's you last question.How many times did Robin Williams win the Oscar for Best Actor ?
I'm so busy . I don't know how will get this done .
Helen , did you hear I ’ m having a party ? Next Saturday in my place .
Well , drop by if you can .
Please help yourself to whatever you like , don't be shy .
This dish tastes terrific . Would you like to try a little ? It is a little hot , but very good .
Would you like another beer ?
Come on , it's the weekend . Let's taste and enjoy this meal . Cheers !
Hi , Bob , everything okay ?
oh ? What's that ?
what gift ?
you refused the gift ? That's terrible .
perhaps . He probably thinks you considered the gift a bribe for a higher grade .
It is so quiet here . I like the place .
I can't stand the loud noise in the city .
I hope I can stay here longer .
The day after tomorrow .
Who do you think is going to get the Oscar for best actor ?
I finally went out to dinner with him last night .
Yup .
True , a sea food restaurant .
I didn't notice . I don't really even know what I ate .
( Before Christmas Party ) Are you ready for the Christmas party tonight
Use this lipstick and it will make your lips shine !
I've already got mine .
Here ! Open mine first .
Hi , Mike , what gives ?
Hey , great set of wheels .
Who wouldn't ? Wow , that's out of this world .
Yeah , too cool . How much did they sold you for ?
I can imagine .
I'd love to .
Good afternoon .
Thank you .
It ’ s half past twelve .
From one to two .
We usually go to the cafeteria .
Thank you for coming to see me off .
If I have time , I will come again .
Thank you for your hospitality . I hope I didn ’ t cause you too much trouble during my stay .
I ’ m afraid I have to go now . The plane will take off soon .
We have mild wines and strong liquors . Which kind do you prefer ?
It's my pleasure . Actually , it's really hard to say as individual tastes are different . As for myself , I'd like to recommend gin and tonic .
We'll get a big bonus this year , won't we ?
My Buddha ! ! It's beautiful ! But I thought you were afraid ?
You sneak !
Do you mind if I borrow the notes from last week ?
I was unable to make it .
I was sick that day , and couldn't make it .
Are there any more ?
Thanks a lot .
Do you have any habits such as smoking ?
What kind of winter sport do you like best ?
What do you like doing in your spare time ?
Do you have any hobbies ?
I wonder if it is possible that we organize a dinner party for all the colleagues in our departments . They are working very hard these days . Maybe it is time for everybody to relax a little .
Well , what about this Thursday evening after we finish the weekly meeting ?
You must be new .
Have you just started college ?
What school ?
Do you like it here ?
Do you like it better here or at PCC ?
If that ’ s the case , then why did you leave ?
Are you coming or not ?
Well , make up your mind . We need to know .
Hey , Bob . Are you getting the feeling you've been here before ?
Maybe we're walking in circles .
I am thinking about inviting you to a dinner . When would you have time ? And what kind of food do you fancy ?
To thank you for helping me at work last week . If you would not have been so kind , I would not have been able to pick my parents from the airport . You really did me a big favor . Thank you so much .
Fine , I know a good hotpot place in the downtown area , food there is pretty spicy too . Shall we try that one ?
I have been working 70 hours this week . I am totally maxed out .
What a beautiful day !
I heard that it's supposed to get up to 90 degrees Fahrenheit today .
Well , you could never tell about the weather here in New York .
I have no idea about what to do next .
Hello , is it necessary to do warm-up exercise ? I can't wait to dive into the water .
Yeah , I see . You are just doing your job . But I wanna know what the advantages it has .
As far as I know , people will be weak if they swim too long .
Is it very dangerous ? I'm a little scared . Do you offer the lifebuoy for us ?
Do you have the workers to save me if anything should happen ?
Do you feel better ?
Don ’ t be sad . Everything will be fine .
Do you have the time ?
It's a perfect day for swimming .
Great ! I love swimming . Besides , I need a tan for Hill ’ s party ..
Can you vouch for me that I was with you yesterday ?
My character is in question . Someone was robbed at work and unless I have an alibi , I'm a suspect .
My employer . Can you come in to the office tomorrow ?
That would be the real proof . Didn't we have to show ID to get on the plane ?
Which team has won ?
But I still think AC milan's defence seems better organized .
What dances do you like ?
Then you must be interested in disco .
Oh , it's a disco . Let's dance .
Thank you . Now they are playing a rumba . Would you have a try ?
OK . Let's get something to drink .
What day is today ? Tuesday ?
I heard that Kevin got divorced . Is that true ?
What ?
Poor Kevin , we should do something for him . He is a nice guy and does his job well .
Good morning , Miss Wu ! Can I ask you something ?
Tomorrow is my wife's birthday . We both love spicy Chinese dishes . I am wondering if you could recommend a good local restaurant where I can find some good spicy dishes .
How far is it from here ?
Great . We'll go and have a try . Thank you very much .
Is this seat taken ?
Why don ’ t we go the cinema tonight ?
I think there ’ s a very romantic new film starring Hugh Grant . Let ’ s go and see that .
Well how about meeting at my place ?
Show us our itineraries , please .
How long will the trip take ?
Tom , aren ’ t you a little too old to be trick-or-treating ?
Of course , I did , but when I was ten ! Trick - or-treating is for kids , plus , I ’ m sure people will think you ’ re a kidnapper or something , running around with kids NCP at night .
I really want to switch things up .
I think I want to try a new style .
I want you to cut my hair shorter .
I want my hair to be only a few inches long .
Yes , I've been wanting it short for a while now .
I'm absolutely sure that this is what I want .
I hear you and James are engaged at last .
When are you getting married ?
Oh , lovely.Where ' s the wedding going to be ?
Oh , yes , your parents live there , don't they ?
Where are you going to live after you're married ?
Are you going to give up your job ?
Welcome , Li Mei . Please give me your coat and hat .
Oh , let's come in and enjoy yourself .
Thank you , Li Mei . Come into the dining room . I'm going to cut the cake soon .
Which service offered by your bank do you use most ?
Do you ever ask you bank for traveller ’ s cheques ? They are much safer than carrying lots of cash around .
Do you use your bank to pay your utility bills ? I use direct debit .
That ’ s good idea . You don ’ t need to worry about missing an issue of a magazine if you do that . I suppose you have a mortgage too .
I have a deposit account with my bank . There are some restrictions on withdrawing money , but the interest rate is much higher .
I am not sure what to do during the holidays , any suggestions ?
The problem is that I find all of them are full of fun . I just don ’ t know what to do first .
Actually , I ’ m interested in all of them . The more choices we have , the harder to make a decision .
You know John ?
Yes . I ’ Ve read news about him in today ’ s paper .
I wish he could too .
He ’ s a bit tired , you know . It often takes him a couple of hours to brush up .
You're from New York , aren't you ?
What do you suggest I should see in New York ?
No , I don't like museums.They ' re boring .
So , Jack , do you believe in ghosts ?
Because I want to tell you about the time that I saw a ghost .
It was many years ago , when I was a little child . It was the middle of the night , and I went to get a drink of water from the kitchen . I walked out of my room and was at the top of the stairs , when ...
It was a big , green thing that looked like a person . It was in the kitchen , and it slowly moved towards the stairs ...
I hid so that it couldn't see me . Slowly it got closer and closer , until ...
Are you getting overtime ?
Have you thought about another job ?
I bought it . I got a watch , too . The company that sells this car has a car club .
Yeah , and meet other drivers of the same car !
I know girls love this kind of car . Look , it's got a sunroof ! Imagine ... a cool , starry night ...
Quite a few people are laid off these days .
University graduates have difficulty finding a job too . There seems to be more and more competition in the job market
Hello , Ms . Barkley . How are you ?
Good to see you again , too . How ’ s you family ?
Mike's really angry .
Oh my god ! It's 10:00 pm . I have to go .
I am afraid not .
Thank you . Well , if you ever pass my home , please drop in .
Why you are so crazy about Beijing Opera ? It's so boring .
Maybe you're right . But I just still can't understand ...
Your garden is looking very beautiful this summer . The flowers are really colorful .
Yes , I do . Those are violets , aren ’ t they ?
The lower branches on that tree are hanging very low . Would you like me to cut them off for you ?
When the lower branches are removed , you ’ ll be able to sit under the tree .
Listen to this . Mary got married .
Yes . Yesterday .
She married Jerrod .
She ’ s going to live in Paris .
I've been accepted by the university , and they've offered me a position on the basketball team !
Do you feel all right ? You look Pale .
Have you taken your temperature ?
How long have you been feeling this way ?
Oh , probably you've been working too hard .
What a terrible house !
The door bell doesn't work , there's no hot water , and the building is falling apart .
What kind of jobs are becoming popular in your country ?
There ’ s been a growth in that field in my country too . A lot of people want to learn practical and professional skills .
I noticed that too . What are the people learning ?
I think that jobs in the leisure industry will become more popular in the future .
Those in traditional fields , such as agriculture and heavy industry . Younger people are not interested in doing those jobs and other countries have industries that can produce things much cheaper .
Hi , Ben . Here are the top ten of this week's top chart .
Which is your favorite in this ten ?
You mean Sweet Heart .
What do you think about Cold Wind ?
So No . 4 is your favorite . Which one don't you like ?
Why ?
are you good at making decisions ?
what kinds of decisions do you leave to other people ?
your parents will be choosing your girlfriend if you aren ’ t careful ! Why don ’ t you try being more decisive ? Start with some basic ones . When your friends are discussing which restaurant to eat at , mak
I can ’ t make a decision . You ’ ll have to put forward an idea .
Old Dyson looks as if he maybe kick the bucket any day .
I ’ Ve ever seen a living being looked so thin .
I've got to put together a sales pitch to give to our clients in the morning . You always give such amazing presentations , I was hoping you could give me some advice about how to win them over tomorrow .
What kind of visuals should I use to support the presentation ? Do you think I should use PowerPoint ?
I think I can put something together , no problem . But when it comes to tomorrow , I'll just be a bundle of nerves ! How can I get over my fear of speaking in public ?
Hey , Shirley ! Want to join me for lunch ... my treat !
I must confess I have an ulterior motive for asking you to lunch .
I really want to pick your brain about something I've been thinking a lot about .
Well , as you know , I have a Bachelor's degree in English literature and that's served me well so far , but I've always wanted to do some post-graduate work ... maybe even get a Doctorate !
But you have a Master's degree ... hasn't that helped your career ?
I know education is expensive , but it's been my lifelong dream . Call me crazy , but I've always wanted to have that PhD at the end of my name .
I certainly can't afford it , but I'm sure I could find some good student loans .
Yeah ... I keep thinking about what I'll do with a Master's or Doctorate . I love language but I don't think there are a lot of well-paying jobs out there for experts on Shakespeare .
Do you mind if we call on you this evening ?
How about seven o'clock ?
Hey , May , how are you doing ?
Why is that ?
But you ’ re in China . Are you planning on going home for Christmas ?
Why not just give them money in red envelopes ? That would be much easier .
I've got it . I won ’ t bother you any more . You ’ d better hurry to do it , Christmas is just around the corner .
Peter really is a remarkable expert ! There is very little he doesn ’ t know .
How big is your family ?
Who supports the family ?
Do you live with your family ?
This is the good life ! We have it good don ’ t you think ?
What do you mean ?
For example ?
I see . Yeah now that I think of it , I wouldn ’ t have gotten married if I hadn ’ t moved to this town and met Sally .
Well , I have no regrets !
Excuse me ? I didn't hear what you said .
I am new to this school and not familiar with this library . Can you help me ?
I'm looking for information on tropical fish .
Great , thank you .
I hate landing in the sand trap ! Now I'm probably going to waste strokes getting it out .
Could you hand me my wedge ? I'll try ...
No . you go ahead and putt it out . Then I'Il go .
xcuse me , is this the way to the Greta Wall ?
I must have taken a wrong turn .
and then ?
thanks a lot .
by the way , how long does it take ?
I heard the Great Wall closes early in the afternoon . Do you think I can make it before closing ?
great ! Thank you !
Hello , Deva , how are you ?
Not bad . Have you heard Wendy divorced her husband ?
Yes . They used to be joined at the hip .
Yes , she said they couldn't communicate well with each other and they often argued over trivial things .
You said it . You know , they fall in love at first sight and quickly jumped into marriage .
Yeah . We Chinese have quite different lifestyles and values from foreigners .
We've heard so much about Chinese film stars divorcing foreigners .
hi , betty !
pretty good . My colleagues seem alright . So far everything is great .
well , I work in the marketing department . The corporate culture is totally different from my last employer . Before , when I was assigned a task , I was totally on my own but here most of the work is don
indeed . Team work is highly valued in this new company . I like our boss too . He is easy to get along with treats everybody with respect and appreciation . He's highly respected by all his employees .
true , take my former supervisor as an example . He was extremely controlling and overbearing . He always had to micromanage everything .
I heard you're getting married , James . Congratulations !
What lovely weather !
Let's go out and enjoy the fresh air .
Do you keep any pets , such as cats , dogs ?
Oh , but why ?
I would love to be famous and have thousands of adoring fans .
I love being photographed ! If I were famous , I ’ d do interviews for all the top magazines , like cosmo and elle .
No-one really believes gossip columnists .
I think you ’ re right about that . I ’ d need a good manager to be my spokesperson . I could do a lot of charity work , which would help a lot of people .
I love children , as you know , so probably a children ’ s charity .
It's terrible how things have changed.You remember there used to be trees on all these hills .
No , they've all been cut down and now all the soil is washing away .
Henry , do you know how much we spent this month ?
we've spent $ 1,000 .
Where are you living ?
Do you move a lot ?
Hey , Gucci . I didn't know it would be a charity show . You can see there are many collecting boxes at the entrance .
That's really a good thing . Let's do our part .
Who will sing in the show ?
Mendy ? Are you sure ? I love her songs !
Yeah . Though she was so popular , I heard she managed to maintain a low profile .
But I also heard some people didn't like her music . I don't understand why . She is so amazing !
You are right . Anyway , things will be different as the days go on . She can get it . I have faith in her .
Here is the programme . Check it out yourself !
What's your hobby ?
What's the make of your camera ?
Do you own your own darkroom ?
Why ?
Lester , you are really fantastic at automobile repair .
That ’ s not a big problem . There are many small schools for adults like you who can study to be certified .
And you can easily get a student loan from a vocational school , or from the government .
How is the college search going ?
But don't you want to study music ? Shouldn't it be easy ?
I know . You have to decide if you want to attend a school in a city or in the country , a big school or a small school , a public or private school ...
I see . Well , don't forget to talk to the college counselor at the school . He usually gives good advice and can help point you in the right direction . He gave me some information , and next week I'm going to take a look at some of the colleges he recommended .
I seldom heard the quarreling of her children .
Because her children have been the age when they seem to quarrel all day long .
I haven't met you at the gym for a long time .
why ? You have a decent salary , lots of promotion opportunities and a regular life of going to the office at 9 o ' clock and coming back home at 5 in the evening .
then SOHO is your ideal work style .
and you don't have to work under that much pressure and control .
sounds great . Are there many business opportunity ?
it's good to have business around . But you should also do some exercise to keep fit .
What did you say when she told you the news ?
But I put my foot down and insisted on her forgetting that .
Can I borrow some money from you ?
How do your spend your time after work or in vacation ?
But traveling is an expensive hobby , isn't it ?
I really have a good time here.Thank you very much .
Where is Pamela ?
She told me she'd be here .
Are you rushing me ?
I know what I am doing . Don't worry . Can you do me a favor ?
Take care of Pamela when I am away . She is a nice girl . I don't want her to get hurt or anything .
Thank you . Now I see that you are my true friend . Most of my so-called friends left me at the moment my company went bankrupt . You are the only one who has stood by me the whole time .
Thank you for being a friend of mine .
What's the weather today ?
What was the weather like yesterday ?
What will the weather be like tomorrow ?
Tom's new business will do well .
Hi , Charlie ! What are you reading ?
Who ’ s it about ?
Who is he ?
Who ’ s the author ?
What do you think about it ?
Can I read it when you ’ re done ?
How many chapters does the book have ?
When do you think you ’ ll have finished reading it ?
Thanks . Charlie !
How are you getting along with your wife now ?
What are you going to do then ?
How are your work now ?
I've been thinking about getting my hair cut .
I said that , didn't I ? But I just don't know what to do with it .
Yes , it's not short enough to be wash-and-go and not long enough to do anything fancy .
Everywhere I go ?
Didn't you say you were planning a trip to China ? I heard the northwest and north of China are experiencing severe sandstorms !
Definitely . I heard Beijing was experiencing seven degree strong winds ! That is nearly a record high !
Absolutely ! I don't think any planes are going anywhere . The sand being blown around has cut visibility in Beijing to less than 100 meters . But inseems Gansu Province is being hit the hardest .
Hey , Jenny . Would you like to go to dinner with me ?
No , I don't . What do they say about office romances ?
That's silly . What I do on my own time is no one else ’ s business . Besides , it's pretty hard to meet people outside of the office when we spend long hours here .
People fall in love with people they work with . That's a fact .
If it does , it will only make you more productive , because we can support each other .
Good grief . All I did was ask you out . I am sorry .
I am talking about dinner tonight , not a lifetime .
I like company .
What can I say ? I am a passionate guy .
You want to go out with me and you know it .
I ’ m looking forward to relaxing this coming weekend .
How might you spend the weekend .
I might do that too . I hope the weather is nice . I could go and play some golf .
Hopefully , we ’ ll both have relaxing weekends .
Do you drink the Robust Milk every day ?
It will make you as fit as a fiddle .
In my country , we go to school from 8 o'clock in the morning until five in the afternoon .
Actually , five and a half.On Saturday , we have classes only in the morning .
That's too much for us really .
I'm going to try to find out where the school is located .
I'm going to register right now .
Well , what about it ? As it happens I've got two tickets for next thursday evening . I thought perhaps .
But I said thursday.The tickets are for thursday evening .
I see.Oh , well some other time perhaps .
Where were you last night , at exactly nine twenty PM ?
Are you sure you cann't remember ?
Were you in or out ? Can you remember that ?
Did you see anyone come into the block flats ?
Sure ?
Jim is a genius . He gets along well with everybody and he can always get the work done .
Everybody would like to have Jim on their team . Because he is funny and helpful and he can contribute a lot to the team he belongs to .
John , my father isn't there at all . Are you kidding ?
It's ... oh it's the 1st April , April Fool's Day .
Happy birthday ! Many happy returns ( of the day ) .
Hey , Joe ! Where have you been these past few days ?
Cool ! I ’ Ve always wanted to do something like that ! Have you learned anything useful ?
Have you treated any real emergencies ?
Hello ?
Good morning .
Oh . I had hoped she would have called me back yesterday .
Is there someone else I can talk to ?
Any time after 2 pm today would be good for me .
I'd prefer to speak with Ms . Fonda .
That will be fine .
I work so hard that I do not have the energy to exercise .
But I work hard all the time for long hours . Often I have no time for lunch . Yet , I am still getting fatter .
I know you're right , but what can I do ?
But I'll miss the news . It's important in my business to keep up with events in China .
I'll always remember my college days .
It was one of the best times in my life . It was tough , but I made it . I became a college graduate .
It was a round day for me . My family attend the graduation ceremony . I was so nervous . I couldn't find my cap and gown , but all worked out in the end .
I was planning to attend gradate school , but then I was offered a good job doing marketing , so I changed my mind .
I sure am . So what about you ? How did you feel when you graduated ?
How could it be ?
You didn't have an offer ?
John's father got married again .
If I tell you . , you must be completely taken aback .
He married a girl who is only eighteen !
Have a nice weekend !
Do you have any plans ?
How many languages can you speak ?
How well can you speak them ?
Can you help me to translate these sentences into German now ?
There are so many record players here.That is hard to choose .
I'd rather get one with separated speakers.They give a clear sound .
That's right.Now this one looks alright ? It's a detached or do you prefer this one ? It's Sony .
Can ’ t you remember the days when you had the hots for me ?
By the way , are you going to the concert tomorrow ?
I think that show biz stars have a really easy life . They have lots of money , so they can buy almost anything they want . They ’ re famous , so everyone loves them .
I bet they love it really . Sure , they complain about it , but that just gets them more publicity , doesn ’ t it ?
No way ! They want publicity for themselves , so that they get invited to make more films , go to lots of cocktail parties , and even make albums ! They have such an easy life . They don ’ t even pay for Drin
I don ’ t understand how you can have any sympathy for show biz stars . They ’ re overpaid , over-ambitious , and over-adored .
What's the matter , Lisa ? You don't look too good .
You mean Mark ? He seems like such an honest guy .
Two months ? How did you find out ?
So you asked him about the girl who called ?
What'd he do ?
Indiscretion ? How can an indiscretion last two months ? I mean , you two have been married for two years ! How can he do that to you ?
So do you believe in palmistry ?
It's when someone takes a look at another person's palm to tell the future .
Are you sure ? I've read a lot about palmistry and I've been able to tell a lot of accurate things about a person from his palm . Do you want me to take a look at your hand ?
Ok , let's see , well , you've got a long life line , which is good , and the love line is strong ...
Hmm , hard to say , wait , yes , it looks like you will do well in business , and your ambition will help you a lot , but ...
Welcome back movie lovers to another Premier Movie Review . My name is Richard Clarke and I am joined today by the very erudite DavidWatson .
Well , I think this film is simply a fable , depicting man ’ s eternal greed for power , and in my opinion , it ’ s a very fine film . Even despite the accusations of plagiarism traditional folk tales from other countries.The musical score was amazing , the animation was very well done , and the story was simply enchanting .
Predictable ! How ! Come on Dick , It ’ s a G-rated movie ! It ’ s for the kids ! It ’ s not a thriller !
How can it be cliche ? It ’ s a fable ! It ’ s telling a time-honoured story ! The movie make a point of how the hunger for power leads to corruption , and teaches children the value of respect , life and love .
Open your heart Dick . Don ’ t shut us out .
Hi , Walter !
What do you think of our new teacher ?
You're got a point there . But do you think he's a little absent-minded ?
It gives me great pleasure to introduce Mr ... eh Mr ...
Yeah ! May I introduce Mis ... eh ... Miss ...
I stayed online chatting with friends all night . It was great fun .
It is better I don't know them . So I can say anything I want .
Who cares ? It's just online . It's not real . Do you want to join me tonight ?
We scored six goals .
And I score three of them .
We had extra time of course .
This is tough to say , Jordan , but I think we should break up .
Yes , I mean it .
No , we are just too different . This isn ’ t working .
I have thought about it for a while . I think it ’ s time to move on for both of us .
I ’ m sorry .
Then why didn ’ t you talk to me ?
I don't want to argue with you anymore . This is going to be tough , but Let ’ s try and be friends .
I think we ’ ll be better off if we are apart .
Who's that ?
Is that your cousin in the back ?
What about birth control pills ? Don't they work on Italians ?
Hi , Lander . What's wrong ?
Same here . I have't brought any new clothes for three months .
True . The news says that there is a general increase in the price of daily necessities .
You look a bit dull today . What's up ?
I'm sorry to hear that . Well , I heard that registered urban unemployment rate reached 4 percent this year , with more than half being women .
Yeah , it's true . What is she going to do ?
That's not bad . It could be a short-term alternative . Your mum can look for another one when the market improves . Things will work out eventually .
You don't look too well . What's going on ?
I'm sorry to hear that . Have you been looking for another job ?
That's tough . What does your wife think about this ?
I have some friends who might be able to help you find a job . I'll see what they can do .
Let me tell you what happened to my homework .
Actually , I did it , but then it got lost .
Yes , I could .
I'll make it up early next week .
I'll try .
Do you want to try your hand at tennis ?
It seems you're very fond of it .
This is how a holiday should be . Relaxing on the beach with a nice cool drink .
Don ’ t worry about them . They ’ re very responsible . Besides , there are many people there and there ’ s lifeguard employed by the hotel . Waiter ! Could I have another drink pleas ? Thank you . So , what shall we do this evening ?
So , we could try that restaurant that was recommended in the guidebook . Then we could go to a club . We haven ’ t been to one for ages .
Hi , Nancy.How are you doing ?
Not right now . I've got to get another car and my old one is blown up .
You mean used car ?
Well , yeah , but I'd be getting somebody else's problem .
It's the same kind of deal though , you know , you never know what you're going to get .
Oh my God ! I can't find my first period American literature class .
Aren't you the guy who sat in front of me in our homeroom ?
I'm Mary . I can't find my American literature class .
It's 112 .
I heard that Ann had divorced .
Poor Ann . She did not love her husband at all .
Awful ! My cell phone is out of service again . Fred , can you lend me some money ?
200yuan . I bought a computer online , so I have to pay the mortgage .
It's so nice of you . You really make my day .
What you said is absolutely right . I will pay you back as soon as I get back on my feet .
How do Mark and Jones compare , in your opinion ?
May I venture to ask if you've decided to employ Mark ?
Mary , today is a great day for you .
Oh , here's a little token of my affection .
I am sorry , but I can't stay until the end of class .
I have an appointment .
No , but I'll make sure someone helps me out this week with my missed work .
I am leaving right now .
Thanks , Professor . I'll make sure everything gets taken care of .
An interesting meeting , isn't it ?
Let me introduce myself , by the way . My name's Thomas Bradley .
Sorry , what was your last name again ?
Ok , I'm Tom .
And what do you do , Ted ?
Salesman ?
I work for American Airlines .
It's terrible how things have changed . You remember there used to be trees on all these hills .
No , they've all been cut down and now all the soil is washing away .
My son is alway complaining that I dump on him . He was very rude and told me to mind my own business . I cannot put up with that .
You are married to a foreigner , huh ? So what ’ s it like ?
Yeah , I know what you mean . The first year of any marriage is difficult for all couples , not to mention two people from different cultures .
Oh , so he ’ s half Chinese and half American . That ’ s unusual . What languages does he speak , then ?
What does he look like ? Can people tell ?
Would you like to go to a concert tonight ?
All right , then.There is one at the new concert hall .
It's the Powell orchestra .
They're doing a seventeenth-century program .
Here ’ s your hot dog and beer . What happened ? Did I miss anything ?
What ’ s the score ?
So Baltimore is winning ?
This is a really great place to watch a baseball game .
The fans are great here , too . Not like in Philadelphia .
Well , it ’ s really too late . I have to go now .
Sorry , I can ’ t.My mother doesn ’ t want me to be late . I really have to go .
Tell me why you saw the movie twice .
Did you get a nice tree ?
Let's put it over there .
Let's string the lights first.Then we won't have to mess up the decorations .
There , ... we're about done .
OK . Here goes .
Have the aerobic classes any effect on you ?
Our house is too small . We had better have a big one .
Can we have dinner together sometime this weekend ?
How about the second of March ?
It's Friday .
I cannot stay here any more minutes .
Tom is making so much noise . I have not a bit of peace and quiet all evening .
What does she do ?
Does she go to night school ?
Why ? What does she want to be ?
What classes does she take ?
You must be Wily . It's nice to meet you .
Tim , please . Please be seated .
So , Wily , you have been with IBM for two years ready for change ?
What about you , Emily ? Have you dated anyone recently ?
That's too bad . What happened ?
Daniel , you can't spit the gum everywhere .
Do you know how many people chew gum everyday ?
Just in Beijing , people consume 300,000 pieces of gum every day .
If all the people spit out the gum like you , the whole world would become a big trash can .
I just want to remind you to behave yourself .
Is my hair done yet ?
How long until you're finished ?
I like my hair so much .
It's beautiful .
How much is it for my hair ?
Thanks for everything .
Listen , Karen , I need your help . I don't know anyone here yet .
My mother-in-law just went into the hospital in L.A.Hank and I will be flying there tonight .
Doctors aren't sure yet.But the real problem is Suzy . She has a bad cold , and we don't want to take her with us . But we don't know who can stay with her .
Yes , I'd ask Jill , the girl I've had before , but I need someone overnight.Maybe even for two nights .
I don't want to do that to you , Karen .
Your own kids would get Suzy's cold . I think it would be better to have a good babysitter here . But I don't know who to ask . I need someone more mature than Jill . It might even be for two or three days .
I'd like to talk with her.This is short notice , I know . But Hank and I are leaving tonight .
I'm glad you know someone . I knew you would be the best person to ask about this . I don't want to insult Jill or her mother . I think Jill maybe could do it.But I'd rather have someone a little older .
Did you hear what happened in the Scott case ? Some of the sensitive material were leaked to the press . Now every newspapers is all over it .
I'm sure they have their suspicions ; there were only a few of the senior level layers who were privy to the case details .
I'm sure there'll be canned ! And there also might be some legal consequences .
Because whoever let the cat out of the bag was breaking client confidentiality .
You are not being a good sport about this .
I never cheat .
Hi , I'm Lucas , I just moved in next door .
Nice to meet you too .
Thanks . Some tea would be nice . Chinese tea is great . I really like your tea set . Where did you get it ?
Oh yeah , I saw the tea house the other day . I think I might go and have a look sometime . It's a nice neighborhood here .
There's a gym nearby ? That's exciting ! I really want to start to go to gym as soon as possible . I've been lazy this summer holiday and have put on some weight .
What ’ s your favourite ball sport ?
Who ’ s your favourite player ?
Do they have a good team ?
I can ’ t keep up with the game . The players play so quickly that I can hardly see what they are doing .
You play for an amateur team , don ’ t you ?
How many more games are there this season ?
I'm sorry , but I can't go .
I have to see my daughter .
I like the kid.He ' s so lovely .
Time flies !
How are you , Kim ? I haven ’ t seen you around for a few days .
I ’ m sorry to hear about that . Why don ’ t you join me for a hot cup of tea ? It ’ ll be good for you !
Hello , Mr . Brown , long time no see . Where have you been ?
Great . What do you think of it ?
Did you go to the Summer Mountain Resort ?
It sounds great , and is it really cool there ?
What is the special local product ?
Gino , do you really need to go ?
But don't forget to give me a ring .
Take care of yourself .
John got a heart attack last night .
Not so good , though his nephew took him to hospital in time .
Why are you always staring at Melissa ? Do you like her or something ?
Have you heard about the new iPhone ?
I'd like to . It's a cell phone , camera , PAD and mp3 player all in one .
how big is a shuffle iPod ?
how many gigs of music can it hold ?
how much do they cost ?
you're right , that's not bad at all .
I got one for my birthday when they first came out , but after the battery died out , I never brought another one .
You seem to like her very much , don't you ?
But I heard that she had a three-year-old girl .
Do you need help with something ?
Is there something wrong ?
Did you check the computer ?
Did it say anything ?
I ’ m sure I can get it from another library .
I ’ ll let you know when I get the book in .
Hello Bill , what's new ?
I'm glad to hear it .
Hey , Robert , what are you doing this weekend ?
We are putting together a birthday party for Mary .
We thought it would be fun to have a pool party at Jay's house .
We will be providing hot dogs , hamburgers , and cake , but people can bring side dishes .
Dress casually and bring your bathing suit !
Jessica is going back to Holland next week . I've been thinking a lot about what to give her as a parting gift , but I still have no clue .
Yeah , that's her . We had a lot of wonderful times together . She is really a special friend , and I want to get her something meaningful .
I don't think so . That way it would lose all the charm . I want it to be a surprise . I want to show her that I care about her and I hope our friendship will last .
Hmm , I think I've got an idea . Maybe I can get her an ever-green plant to take back home .
I hope so . I'll make sure to get a small one so she can put it into her suitcase . I hope it won't cause her trouble at the border .
Do you have any hobbies ?
Oh , that ’ s interesting , and but what kind of things ?
Stones ? I know many people collecting coins and stamps but stones ?
We're going dancing tonight .
Good morning Mike !
I am having an exam at nine , It's already eight thirty .
Thank you very much !
Very well , thanks , I will probably finish next week , but this is still a lot of work , I have been worked on in for six months , and i ' m so closed to end . I can feel it .
Yes , It's only eight forty . Thanks so much !
Oh , Mary , come in , please . I'm so happy to see you .
Oh , thank you , Mary . You're so nice .
They're all waiting for you . Let's join them . I'm going to cut the cake soon .
When shooting a gun , accuracy is very important .
John , why don ’ t you go and do some gardening ? The lawn needs weeding .
Well , don ’ t just sit there , do something . Come and help me in the kitchen .
Would you like to clear the table then ?
Not , if you don ’ t want to .
Yes , I want to go out . Would you like to come ?
I just heard that you won the long-distance race . Congratulations on your victory .
So it is really worth your great effort . And hope you can keep the record you've made today .
Oh , what a beautiful garden !
The garden looks lovely when the roses are in bloom . You must have a lot of pleasure in planting flowers .
You did a good job . But I got tired of working in the garden .
Julia , why have you prepared a candlelight dinner ? Anything special to celebrate ? Did you get a promotion ?
Oh , my dear , how can I forget such an important day ? I was just kidding . Look at this box .
Have a guess .
No .
Open it now .
What do you say we stop in at that Burger King over there and grab a bite ?
Yeah , not seeing a single person anywhere informed me . Hey ! How about that one over there ?
Easy . It ’ s on me .
what did you do over the weekend ?
do you think there's anything we can do to reverse the damage that's been done already ?
like what ?
what else can we do to protect the environment ?
how about recycling ? Does that actually help ?
what do you think is the biggest worry for our future ?
I had no idea you were such as environmentalist before !
Why are you going out with Andy ?
Hi , Mikel . What's with you ? You look angry .
True , you are getting a really pot belly , aren't you ?
Just kidding , Mikel . Why don't you come work out with me ?
It works if you keep at it . Come on , let's go !
This feels great . I'm all reed up . I can keep going all night .
Exercise has no benefit unless you sweat like a pig .
Thanks for coming , it was a real blessed .
Good morning , Miss Wang . How beautiful you look today !
Who taught you to put on make-up ?
Can you teach me how to do make-up ?
What eye shadow do you think is the most fit for me ?
How do you protect yourself from chapped lips ?
How did you grow such long nails ?
Oh Gush ! The first day of my career is over . I can not breathe now after dealing with so many documents . But I heard the notice that our company will hold two-week staff training .
But for me , the training is waste of my precious time .
You look like being on cloud nine .
What has made you so happy ?
Are you ? Who's the lucky girl ?
How did you meet her ?
What do you like best about her ?
I guess it was fate working to bring you together .
How will you spend this lovely weekend ?
We haven't played chess for a long time . How about playing chess ?
Don ’ t worry , I will teach you how to win .
See you tomorrow .
Alright everyone settle down . Let ’ s get started.As you know , an important aspect of becoming a good citizen is understanding the genesis of our legal system . It is not enough to simply memorize our laws , it is necessary that we comprehend why and how they were formed . This brings me to our topic for today . Does anyone know what we celebrate on May first ?
No , that ’ s May fifth in Spanish , James , no wonder you are failing my Spanish class . No , May first is International Workers ’ Day .
No ! It is not considered to be a national holiday here in the US , but in other countries it is .
In the nineteenth century , working conditions were appalling , with workers being forced to work ten , twelve , and fourteen hours a day . Support for the eight-hour work day movement was growing rapidly , despite the indifference and hostility of many union leaders , and by April 1886 , 250,000 workers were involved in the May Day movement.Previous legislative attempts to improve working conditions had failed , so labor organizers took drastic measures . They passed a resolution stating that eight hours would constitute a legal day ’ s work . And , on May First 1886 , the resolution took effect .
Yes ! But the happy ending came at a high price.On May third , 1886 , police fired into a crowd of strikers at the McCormick Reaper Works Factory , killing four and wounding many . A mass meeting was called for the next day to protest the brutality .
What's that book you have under your arm ?
How in the world did you get a copy ? I've put a hold on it at the public library for weeks and I'm still waiting my turn .
Is it really worth paying for ?
Hey Lucas , how was your trip to Paris ?
Did you go to the top of the Eiffel Tower .
What else did you see ?
You must have had a great time .
Yes . you need to be careful with what you eat when you're abroad.sometimes new food might disagree with you .
That is great . Everyone says French food is wonderful .
You have your ducks in a row .
Were you born in the U . S . , Melissa ?
How old were you ?
So , did you go to college right away ?
Wow , your English is really fluent now .
Can I help you ?
Sure . There is a folk concert tonight .
Sorry . There are only some seats in the back .
It begins at 7 p . m ..
How many tickets do you want ?
OK . Fifty yuan for each .
We have a live show of a football match this Friday night .
Brazilian against AC Millan .
How time flies ! Why I always feel haven't enough time to work and study ?
Maybe we should make a plan and list what we should do next , and follow it .
You are right . Let ’ s stop idling around and do something .
Hi dude , you look upset , what's up ?
what's the problem ?
well , you can simply tell them you want to sleep , or make an arrangement for a time when the room should quiet down .
I understand . I used to live in a dorm with four people . I was great in some aspects . We always went out and and had fun together . But on the other hand , when I wanted some quiet time , and people kept
I'd better be going .
I wish I could , but it's already late .
Thank you for a wonderful meal .
Are you an American ?
Why don't you speak English ?
Oh , do you like Chinese ?
I want to study German . Can we exchange lessons ?
When will we begin ?
You seem depressed these days . What's the matter ?
If I can do anything for you , don't hesitate to let me know .
You ’ re all set now ?
Really , it was nothing .
I was happy to help .
Don ’ t mention it .
Haven't seen you for a long time
I bet you had a wonderful time
I hear you have just shown your hand first to Lin Ping .
If I were in your position , I wouldn't give up an inch .
Have any plans for the weekend , Tom ?
Oh , do you go hiking often ?
It would be nice to get out of the city . Do you want some company ?
Yeah , I go a lot too . I saw a bear and a lion on my last hike .
Yeah , my friend and I hiked in a very wild part of the national forest .
Has the game started yet ?
Who's winning ?
What ! That wasn't a foul ! C ’ mon , ref !
You were right ! He didn ’ t make the shot !
Did you see that ? He traveled and the ref didn ’ t call it !
I heard that Kevin got divorced . Is that true ?
What ?
Poor Kevin , we should do something for him . He is a nice guy and does his job well .
Honey , do you know what color the carrot is ?
Wow , my son is so clever .
Really ?
Oh , my son looks like a grown-up .
No kidding . So tell me what's your favorite color ?
Why ?
Thanks for inviting me to work out with you , Joan .
Yeah , this place looks great . Wow , look at her , she can certainly get down , can't she ?
A little , I wish I could do that .
Look at him , he's buff .
How do they all get in such tiptop shape ?
That's it . I decided to turn over a new leaf . I'm going to exercise every single day .
wow , it that your sports car ?
I love it ! I used to always want to drive a green jaguar . Is it in good condition ?
what's wrong with it ?
when's the last time you had it serviced ?
I thought all cars needed regular servicing on a yearly basis .
what else is wrong with it ?
anything else ?
why don't you get it all fixed ?
Hello , Kith , can you and Alice come around this evening ? We prefer your coming .
About 7 o'clock .
Hello . May I speak to Mary , please ?
Hi , Mary . This is Tom .
Just fine . I say . Aren't you busy tomorrow evening ?
Well , uh ... why not dine out together and go to the movies ?
Okay . I'll pick you up at 6:00 .
Well , my particular interest is collecting stamps , especially the rare ones . What about you ?
There are so many flavors of ice cream to choose from !
I love fruit flavored ices the best .
What is your least favorite ice cream ?
Yeah , I know what you mean .
That could be interesting .
I don't want to do the damn dishes .
Good morning , Paul !
Yes , traffic wasn't much today , so I made it to the office earlier .
Well , about an hour or so .
No . I take public transportation . It's safer .
I usually get a lot of information on the computer and use E-mail to send messages to my friends .
Don't you think it ' s a sheer waste of both time and money ?
Do you believe in UFO's ?
I've never thought about it like that before .
Do you think that there's life on other planets ?
Why is that ?
Do you think that there's intelligent life trying to contact us ?
I suppose you're right .
Do you really think that global warming Wil destroy Earth some day ?
What do you think of shopping ?
What do you think of big department store ?
Nice and warm again , isn ’ t it ?
How are you these days ?
Martha . What's wrong ? Why are you crying ?
I'm sorry . When did this happen ?
What a jerk . He doesn't deserve you .
He didn't treat you that well either . Maybe you don't want to hear this , but I think you can do better .
It must be really painful . I remember when Josh and I broke up . I was crying for a week .
Exactly . You'll find someone again . You should get your mind off of this . Let's go shopping .
How about coffee down the street ?
I got a ninety-five on my test .
How can you keep in touch with your aunt in America ?
It's very expensive , right ?
Why not send E-mail through the Internet ?
Sure . You can send E-mail to each other every day through the internet . In addition , you can make a phone call through the internet , too .
No problem . I'll tell you .
Can I help you ?
Are you a professor ?
Yes , I am kidding.But don't you know only professors and students with disabilitiescan apply for parking permits ?
Oh , I'm sorry . I didn't know .
Here is the application form . I also need to see your student ID and your permission letter from the university .
Yes , the letter that certifies you have a disability.And it must certify your disability entitles you to a parking place .
Yes . Or you can bring it yourself .
Let me look in the file then . Maybe we received it .
Yes , here it is.Alright . Then I just need your completed application form , and I will be able to process your request .
The form has a map on the back . You may specify your top four choices.We will give a spot in the lot that has an opening .
It's too hot to read .
Which season do you like best ?
How about summer ?
Why ?
Will you be at the family reunion next year ?
I watched a very interesting documentary about plants yesterday evening . It was called “ unusual plants ” and looked at several species of plants from around the world which have unusual features .
Well . There was one type of plant that catches insects and eats them .
No , it isn ’ t . it ’ s a pity , because I ’ d like to see it in action .
They showed flowers that only provide their nectar to one type of butterfly or bee . The insect has to be the exact size to get the nectar . Other insects cannot get it . Of course , when the insect collects the nectar , it also takes some pollen from one flower to another .
That ’ s right . That ’ s one reason why it ’ s so important to protect every species .
According to the documentary , they have an incredible ability to find water supplies , however small , and then store them without losing much through evaporation .
I have some good news for you .
Jenny is getting married .
Tom , that lucky guy .
Last week , It said that he fell in love with Jenny at Mrs.Whit ' s party last Monday as soon as he saw her .
July 4 , the National Holiday .
Jenny plans to hold it in church .
Guess !
You know , Tom is my best friend and he asked me to be his best man .
Ben , what are you doing ?
Why ?
Have you thought about graduate school ?
Would you mind telling me then — what were those four years of college for ? What was the point of all that hard work ?
Peter , have you finished your English composition ?
Class starts in twenty minutes . You have to turn it in at the beginning of class today .
Do you think you can finish it on time ?
You ’ d better hurry !
How many orders do we still need to pack , Gale ? We've been packing all day .
Well . I am really tired from packing all of the stuff all day . And it's about time to clock out .
Why not ! These orders are not urgent . We could do it first thing tomorrow morning
Tom , did you see the film last night ?
Do you really think so ? I don't think so . It wasn't that bad film at all . Didn't you hear the applause of the audience ?
Are you OK ?
Because ... I heard John got married yesterday .
No , he didn't tell me about it . Don't feel bad .
How do I apply to an American university ?
I was told that it took a lot of time and effort to apply .
What's to come next ?
How long will it take to go over all the procedures ?
Thank you . I appreciate all your help .
Well , speak of the devil .
I was just thinking about you the other day .
Mom , you know that Andrea and I sometimes worry about you .
You ’ re almost 70 years old , Mom ! Don ’ t you think it would be better for you if you moved in with us ?
Do you ever get lonely living alone ?
Do you have any plans for Veteran ’ s Day ?
Well , as you know , on November 11th the allies signed a peace treaty with the Germans , also known as the Armistice Treaty . This marked the end of WWI and many countries around the world commemorate this date under names such as Remembers ’ Day . In Poland it ’ s their independence day ! There ’ s a lot going on around the world on this day .
Are you sure you heard right ?
I don't believe you .
These days my son has turned his computer into an electronic playground . He plays football , rides horses , drives racing cars , and does a whole bunch of other things on the computer . The funny thing about it is that , no matter what he plays , he always wins first place . I wonder if he'll be able to cope with a defeat in real life .
That's exactly like my wife . She spends at least two hours a day on the computers discussing things ranging from stock prices to soft-ware standards .
I'll participate in a quiz about the 29th Olympic Games in Beijing . It will be held tonight . Will you come ?
It was held in 776 B . C . at Olympia . It also has a long history of more than 2700 years .
Yes , there were no games in 1916 , 1940 and 1944 , because of World War I and World War II .
Oh , it's the Beijing 2008 Olympics ' Emblem . It's a Chinese seal , meaning that Chinese people warmly welcome the friends from all over the world .
I plan to buy a car this year .
I'm going to work in holidays and pay by installments .
What's your favorite season ?
Yeah , and all those fun summer sports and activities .
Oh , me too ! All the family getting together ...
I like the feeling then that school is almost over !
One of my students told me she was very depressed today .
Her father is dying .
Yeah , she ’ s broken up about it , poor kid .
I talked to her for a while , but she ’ s really depressed . So , I made an appointment with the school counselor for her .
Yeah , that ’ s what I told her . I ’ m glad she ’ s reaching out for help , instead of trying to deal with this on her own .
It ’ s rather cold . Isn ’ t it
Shall I light the stove ?
Well . What ’ s the climate like in your country ?
Which season do you like best ?
Good afternoon , Sam .
What are you going to do tomorrow ?
I would like to go skating . Feel like going with me ?
I think so . Fresh air , white snow . It's so comfortable .
It doesn't matter , I can teach you .
Can you play tennis ?
It is interesting , isn't it ?
Can you teach me ?
Let me try . Oh , I missed !
High ?
Oh ! I hit it .
What was the party like last night , Jean ?
Well , I couldn't get away from work early . And when . I got home I had a headache , so I had to go straight to bed . But I was over-tired , because I wasn't able to get to sleep for hours .
I don't like them . I used to take them when I had to work overtime , you know .
Three every night .
Because I was under a terrible strain . The doctor saidthey weren't very strong . Anyway , I used to feel awful the next morning .
The doctor said I had to be careful .
What a beautiful view .
What is that below ?
No . Thank you . It looks a bit too dangerous for me .
Yes , there is beautiful view . You can go fishing , camping and also enjoy this beautiful clean air .
I would like you to meet my family . Can you come to dinner next week at my parents ' place ?
Actually , I've told them a lot about you . They are excited to meet you .
I think you'll like them . My family is pretty laid back .
Let's see . there's my mom and dad and my two brothers and one of my sisters .
Are you studying any languages here ?
What are you majoring in ?
Is it difficult to learn ?
Do you know anything about Britain and America ?
Right.It ' s important to learn the culture of a nation if you want to learn the language well .
Judy , your husband has a really nice car .
Where are you going ?
I didn't know your sister lives in the city , when did she move there ?
I see . It's almost 5:00 PM now , don't you think there will be a lot of traffic ?
Yes , but it can be very crowded around this time . I always feel uncomfortable taking the subway .
Doesn't your mother live in the city ?
I remember when she moved there . Apartments were a lot cheaper then .
Have a good time . Next time you're free , give me a call and we'll go play poker .
The time has come to say goodbye .
I feel that way , too . But all good things must come to an end , as they say .
I've had a great time and thank you for your spending so much time showing me around .
You'll be out to see me next year , as you promised ?
I don't think the lecture is very interesting .
I feel he's like a talking machine .
And lightweight , too . It'll play for 20 hours on two AA batteries !
And they're really safe . They'll protect your ear from sound damage .
I know . And you can also hear outside noises while you listen to music .
You're spending a very long time on my hair .
I needed you to be done and finished an hour ago .
Are you sure you're finished ?
You did a horrible job on my hair .
I don't like anything about it .
That's fine , but I'm not paying for it .
Excuse me . Have you got the time ?
Does your watch keep good time ?
Do you think discrimination against women in the work force is still prevalent even today ?
do you think the glass ceiling phenomena is because of traditional social customs ? Or are there more issues coming into play ?
What about affirmative action ? Hasn't legislation changed a lot of the make hierarchy ?
Emily , what kind of report is this ?
Would you like some more rice ?
He has to deliver letters every day .
Oh , no , he likes the job .
Good morning golf aficionados ! My name is Rick Fields , and you guessed it , I am here with my main man , Bob Copeland .
Whoa , that ’ s a lot of cash ! Let ’ s go to the course and see how Tiger Woods is doing .
Tiger Woods is about to tee off , and let ’ s see if he has the same luck as Jack . Tiger is asking his caddie for his driver and , he seems to be very nervous .
It seems that his ball has flown somewhere deep in the trees . He is having a hard time finding it and even his caddie has climbed a tree to try and spot it .
I haven't seen Bill lately . How is he ?
That's too bad . What does he have ?
Let me know if there's anything I can do .
Professor , I'm concerned about my grades . Do you have a minute ?
I want to know if I am doing OK .
I am afraid that I might not be doing all that well .
I think I could take better notes and read a little more .
I'm working on it !
Lisa , I am told you did very well in your exam .
Congratulations on your success .
Good morning , madam . I'd like to apply for a library card . Can you help me ?
OK . Here you are .
OK . Here is the money . And If I return the card , can I get the refund ?
OK . I see . Thank you .
Mr . Clinton , it's nice to see you again .
Very well . How's Mrs . Clinton ?
how did your interview go ?
if you get the promotion , what will your new title be ?
will you get a pay-raise , too ?
that makes sense . Who interviewed you ?
what kinds of questions did she ask you ?
the second one sounds rather difficult to answer . What did you tell her ?
those are good answers . How did she react ?
what do you think about her as a boss ?
you're lucky . Not everyone has such a great boss !
when you find out you get the promotion or not , let me know .
Has the game started yet ?
Who's winning ?
What ! That wasn't a foul ! C ’ mon , ref !
You were right ! He didn ’ t make the shot !
Did you see that ? He traveled and the ref didn ’ t call it !
Are you ready to go shopping ?
What research ?
But they're just ads ...
I hear that Tom got divorced , and I don ’ t know how he is now .
Who do you mean ?
What's the name of the singer who sings this song ?
Hi , Bill . Are you going to the commencement ?
OK . ( Several minutes later . ) Let's go into the school auditorium .
Yes . I find my heart is now rising and falling like waves , all sorts of feelings welling up in my heart .
How time flies . Look , the president of the college has come onto the stage .
Hi , I'm Benjamin . Nice to meet you here . You look great .
No , this is the second time . But I also feel bad because of the lower pressure and the jet lag .
Oh , that's too bad . Do you get a good knowledge of China ?
All of the Chinese are proud of the Great Wall . And it was built before the In dynasty near Shan Haiguan-the First Pass in the World .
No , before the In dynasty .
Oh . Have you finished listing your study preferences ?
Good . So , which is your top choice ?
I see . Which subject did you put last then ?
That's interesting . Could you give any reasons for your choice ? Can you explainwhy do you put medicine first ?
Hello , Mr . Black , I'm calling to say goodbye .
I wish I could stay a little longer , but a lot of things to do back home .
Yes , I did .
At 11:00 o'clock .
No , I'll go by myself , thanks .
Mark is parade his knowledge again .
They are professors and government officials .
Most of them are from America and Europe .
They are attending an international conference here .
Do you need a ticket ?
Yes , it is .
Where to , miss ?
Sure thing . So , where are you flying in from ?
Really ? You don ’ t look very Chinese to me , if you don ’ t mind me saying so .
Wow sounds interesting ! Excuse me if I am being a bit nosy but , how old are you ?
Don ’ t get me wrong ! It ’ s just that you seem so young and already doing business overseas !
I am 40 years old and was born and raised here in the good old U . S of A , although I have some Colombian heritage .
Did you see that ?
How could you miss that ?
Hello , Is this EYE computers ?
Actually , I'm calling to complain about your service . The computer I bought last week is faulty .
Well , easily , It doesn't work . It doesn't even start probably .
Look what you've done !
Yes , and hurry up !
No , I'll do it myself .
I should think so , too !
Yes , and please be more careful in the future !
Did you tell others that we are getting married soon ? You have such a big mouth !
I really don't know how to break this to you , but it ’ s eating me alive !
Well ... hum . You are sure you won ’ t lose control of yourself ?
Well . Since you ’ d like an honest answer , I will tell you the truth .
We ’ Ve won two free tickets to Hawaii for a seven-day vacation !
I'm the coolest high-tech stud around ...
Not yet ... I got an MP3 player and a set of stereo headphones .
Yep ! And take it with me anywhere ! And the music is free !
Don't you ever cheat on me .
Because men like to cheat .
I'm watching you .
If I catch you , you'll be sorry .
I will poke your eyes out .
I will chop your toes off , one by one .
Hi , Lilly , it ’ s so nice to see you again .
Nothing special . I had a get-together with some schoolmates at the high school , visited the Internet and read a couple of books which I had been longing for . How about yours ?
Well now that I know what kind of movies you like , tell me , what's your least favorite kind of movie ?
I know ! I don't get them at all . But wait , isn't ' Terminator ' a sci-fi movie ?
There are advertisements everywhere here in hong kong . The city is so bright at night , with all the neon signs .
I think that there are too many of them . I think that companies spend far too much money on advertising . They should have lower prices instead . Then they would see more .
I really hate receiving spam . I also dislike having to listen to advertisements and jingles when they are broadcast in stores or on the subway .
I like that too . I don ’ t like the way that advertising campaign often tell you if you don ’ t buy a certain product , you ’ re not cool or modern or efficient or something .
do you have any plans for Friday night ?
well , my hosue-mates and I are having a house-warming party . Would you like to come ?
the more , the merrier !
I sure hope so . We've each invited about 10 people .
I'm inviting my friends from work , you , my sister , and a few friends from school .
don't worry.You won't be sitting there by yourself .
most people are working Friday night , so it's going to start around 9 pm .
we'll have beer and snacks , but if you want to bring a bottle of wine , that'd be great .
So , Jack , do you believe in ghosts ?
Because I want to tell you about the time that I saw a ghost .
It was many years ago , when I was a little child . It was the middle of the night , and I went to get a drink of water from the kitchen . I walked out of my room and was at the top of the stairs , when ...
It was a big , green thing that looked like a person . It was in the kitchen , and it slowly moved towards the stairs ...
I hid so that it couldn't see me . Slowly it got closer and closer , until ...
What did the doctor say ?
Did he give you any advice ?
I don't know about you , but I am famished . Are you interested in getting a bite to eat ?
I'd love something spicy . Maybe we could get some Sichuan hotpot .
Sure . If I could , I would eat hot pot every day !
Well , let's stop dragging our feet and find a Sichuan hot pot restaurant for dinner !
Well ... ? Have you thought of it yet ?
Never mind . There's an authentic tasting hot pot restaurant not far from the China World Trade Towers on Chang An Street . Have you been there ?
Excuse me . Where is Q-Duck ? I remember it was around the second intersection of this street .
Yes , definitely .
Wow , this place is quite different from ten years ago when I first came to China .
This street used to have few stores . But now , you can see supermarkets , shopping malls and department stores everywhere .
Me too ! I was lost three times ten years ago . There were no English directions then .
You ’ re new here , right ?
Is this your first semester ?
What school did you transfer from ?
Do you like it here so far ?
Which is better , here or PCC ?
Why didn ’ t you just stay at PCC ?
My hair stood on end when I saw the bloody scene .
Adam , I'm sorry !
Yes , but I couldn't help it . I was late getting off work for a start , and then I missed the bus . The bus I did catch got caught in a traffic jam . It was one thing after another .
Yes , but there's a rush on at the moment , and my boss asked me to do some urgent letters .
Well , no . I thought I'd finish in about five minutes , and I didn't want to be difficult about just a few minutes . If it hadn't been for missing the bus and the traffic , I wouldn't have been so late . I'm sorry .
Remember that writing contest I entered ? Well , I won first prize .
Can you imagine having a million dollars ?
Yeah , me too .
David , what do you want to do after graduation ?
That sounds like a hot job , right ? But in my opinion , you ought not to choose one career from that so-called list , and you need to take your interests , values , and skills into account .
The mosquitos are biting me !
Do you have any bug spray ?
Then we ’ ll have to put up with it .
That ’ s without a doubt , the best idea you ’ Ve had ! Let ’ s do it !
How come you're still up ? Shouldn't you be asleep by now ?
As far as I know , insomnia is usually caused by stress . Are you stressed at all ?
You're a good student . I'm sure you can do well . What you need to do is to relax .
Taking a yoga class or learning some relaxation techniques can help you cope with your stress .
You need to take some breaks throughout the day . Studying all day isn ’ t very usually effective .
Besides , it ’ s not difficult to learn yoga . In fact , I can teach you a move that ’ s supposed to help you fall asleep ! You just have to sit down like this , bend over and breath in deeply .
Hey , Teresa , meet the new neighbors yet ?
OK , let's cut to the chase . what are they like ?
I'll say , she is really stacked , isn't she ?
And he looks like a typical jog .
Ah-ha , I thought so .
What did you mean ?
That's right .
Did you get your grades yet ?
Why ? What happened ?
Ouch . You must be very disappointed .
Why don't you re-take the class next year ?
I didn't do that well either . I ended up with a 3.2 this semester . That drops my total GPA to 3.45 .
What was your GPA before this semester ?
Why did it go down so much ?
What happened to you ?
You better stop slacking off .
So Emily , do you still want to see a movie together this weekend ?
Mmmm ... I know ! We can go to a really bad sci-fi movie and sit in the back of the theater and make fun of it . What do you think ?
Do you think that climate change is responsible for the recent floods ?
It seems that the climate in this country is changing .
I think that the changing climate is a sign that we are causing too much damage to the environment .
Are you almost finished with my hair ?
How much longer is it going to be ?
I absolutely love it .
Yes , I truly do .
How much do I owe you ?
Here you go , thanks for everything .
Oh , hi , Lily . When did you get back from Canada ?
How was it ?
Well , tell me . What are they like ?
And lots of Dear Abby sob stories ...
No wonder you're such a wacko ...
Nice . Hey , I like the layout of this page ...
I'd be a basket case if you think of me that way . I need your understanding .
Can ’ t you be more considerate ? I need your encouragement .
Driving during the rush hours can be a bit of a bind .
So I'd rather walk or run to work .
What do you think of smoking ?
What in your opinion can be done to stop smoking ?
But that ’ ll affect the national economy .
How about painting a warning on each cigarette packet ?
Hey Rachael , what's up ? How is your day ?
Oh , yea . I forgot.So how did it go ?
Great , so what happens now ?
Hello , Bobby , It seems that I can't arrive at your home by 12 o'clock .
I'm so sorry , I've been held up by the damn traffic jam for half an hour . I'd have arrived but for that .
Thirty meters ahead is the Waterloo Bridge .
I've thought of that , but what can I do with my car ? If only I had taken a taxi !
I'm so terribly sorry to keep you waiting .
This is our first day of class.It ' s better for us to introduce ourselves to each other . Who would like to begin first ? Any volunteers ?
Yes , please .
Sheila , what time should we meet tomorrow ?
What place ?
And what should I wear ?
What are you going to wear ?
Sheila , how about that fashionable blue dress ?
What did you think of the movie ?
I noticed that , it was not exciting as I expected , but the music was great . I'm always found Jazz . And that movie had a lot of Jazz .
I'm sorry to hear that.What kind of movie do you like ?
Oh , I see .
Thanks for the sweet words .
Hi Amanda , how are you ? I've missed working with you and the whole gang since my transfer last week .
It's great . I really get to focus on what I like to do and everyone has been very nice and welcoming . However , I'm having a small problem with my new colleagues .
Well , three people are celebrating their birthdays this month and the policy here is for everyone to contribute ten dollars to a card and cake for each person .
I know . It is a lot of money and I haven't gotten to know any of the people celebrating their birthdays well enough yet . At our old department , it was only three dollars for each birthday and there were only ten of us .
What is that ?
Then I must go-you have said it yourself .
I tell you I must go !
I have spoken my mind , and can go anywhere now .
Merry Christmas ! Mary !
Will you come to join us at dinner this evening ? My family will be happy to see you . And father misses you very much .
Hello , Kate ! How are you doing ?
Fine . How are your term papers ?
How could it be ? They are due two weeks later .
Kate , you know , I am thinking of getting a part-time job next year because I really need more money and I don't want to ask my parents for any more . But I'm so busy ! How am I going to work and study ? How do you do it ? Do you have some good tips on budgeting time ?
Jack , I hear you got promoted.Is that true ?
Oh , Jack , you deserve it.You ' Ve been working so hard .
Why did she do that ?
Hurry up ! Time is money !
But you are too slow to follow them .
Why is little Billy crying ?
I'm going to work in a multi-national enterprise after graduation .
I'll do it someday . But it's not the right time now . I have to learn a lot by working as an employee .
you could say so . I'll work hard in that company and try to understand as much as possible about how to run an enterprise .
yeah , the success stories of that company might be useful for me . And their customers may become the potential ones for my own company .
well , I'll come up with a detailed business plan to attract the investors .
Rob lost his bike .
I heard Betty lost her tennis match this morning , so she's out of the tournament .
Can you believe the headlines ?
I ’ m reading about Michael Milliken , the Bond King .
He got arrested all right .
Yup , that ’ s him . He made millions of dollars selling bonds to people and ended up with a pile of cash when they became useless .
That ’ s the kind of thing in America that gets me mad . Some guy pulls off a stock scheme and makes millions while spending the bare minimum sentence in jail .
do you believe in UFO's ?
I've never thought about it like that before .
do you think that there's life on other planets ?
why is that ?
do you think that there's intelligent life trying to contact us ?
I suppose you're right .
do you really think that global warming Wil destroy Earth some day ?
It's said you will go abroad to pursue your graduate studies .
Which country do you want to go to ?
Were I in your position , I'd go to America .
There are many universities for you to choose from . Some famous universities such as Harvard , Yale , the University of Michigan , and Massachusetts Institute of Technology are really wonderful places to study , but they are very competitive and expensive . Some smaller universities or institutes are also very nice but much cheaper .
It rumored that Jean is fooling around with another woman's husband .
Someone declared that he saw it .
Who knows ? You can't judge a book by its cover .
Do you have cold medicine ?
No , I don't .
I have a headache . Is there anything I can buy without a prescription ?
I will take the Aspirin then . And have you a small first-aid kit ?
I'll take it too .
It's rather cold , isn't it ?
Shall I light the stove ?
Well , what's the climate like in your country ?
Which season do you like best ?
Where do you work , Andrea ?
Oh , really ? What do you do there ?
That sounds interesting !
I'm a student , and I have a part-time job , too .
In a fast-food restaurant .
Yeah . Just pull on this strip . Then peel off the back .
If they don't think this is fun , they're not meant to be our friends .
Yeah . But it's fun . Look at those two ugly old ladies ... or are they men ?
When ’ re you getting married ?
Why so late ? Didn ’ t she want to get married this October ?
That ’ s really a shame . By the way , who will be the bridesmaid ?
Hey ! Fred , you are five minutes earlier than me today . Usually , you don't .
What's your meaning ?
You are a thief ?
You mean it is a still virtual game . Your friends steal your vegetables time and time again , and you take theirs as well , right ?
Bill , your work is too messy .
Is this a promise ?
Our maths teacher is rather humorous .
No , not at all.His examples are really interesting .
Yeah , how about your maths teacher ?
Bad luck , Anne .
She's another antique .
Your family must be busy shopping for Christmas , now .
Woo , your home will beautiful on Christmas .
I do wish your christmas and happy new year .
Jenny , do you want to go to see a movie ?
I want to see ' Click . '
How long have you been in Taiwan ?
So , where did you grow up ?
I am not sure , where exactly is it ?
I am in hot water now , all the things seem to be blown up .
What's your schedule like this year ?
What's your major ?
Oh , don't you have to take that class on 18th century poetry ? It's really difficult . I hear the students in that class have to write a paper a hundred pages long .
When is it due ?
Did you check the internet for next week's weather forecast ?
Yes ! Somebody up there loves me ! I knew it wasn't too late for snow .
There have been so many dry winters lately that it's about time , don't you think ?
This will be the best ski trip I've ever taken . I can't wait to use my new hoard .
Are you going to the beach this saturday afternoon ?
The radio says it'll be fine .
Are you studying here ?
What are you major in ?
What do you think of the literature course .
Did you say you saw lily alone ?
Where did you say she was ?
I must say I think that is very odd . Are you absolutely certain it was her ?
Because I don't want any , er , do you understand ? But you are quite sure , are you ?
When I quarrel with my husband . He didn't even try to cool me out .
Is that you , Dave ? Oh , my gosh ! The backstabber who left us to work for the evil WebTracker !
I'm filthy rich ! Haven't you heard about the MicroPower deal ?
That's right . For seventy-five million . So how are you ?
The summer vacation is coming . Have you any plans ?
I am going on a hiking trip . It's good exercise as well as fun .
So why not come and join us ? Lee will come as well .
It seems that something is praying heavy on you.What ’ s the matter ?
What did you do to get his goat ?
We need to elect club officials before the summer starts .
Let's make it the first item of business in our next meeting .
Can you take care of sending out a bulletin by e-mail to all the club members ?
Let's schedule the actual election times the week after the nominations . Doesn't that seem logical ?
How's business ?
are you looking for a course ?
what kind of program are you looking for ? Full-time or part-time ?
what kind of course are you looking for ?
do you want a one-to-one private tutor or a group class ?
have you ever considered taking one of our online courses ?
that's fine . If you want , you can sign up for a pre-sessional interview .
one of our qualified teachers will interview you so that they can find a class that suits you best .
sure . Here's a brochure about out English classes that meet in the evenings .
Hi , Mr . Zhang . What ’ s wrong ? You don ’ t look so happy . How was your date ?
Me ? I ’ m even less experienced than you are .
Believe it or not , I guess American women like a man in good shape , which Chinese women may not care about so much . That ’ s my honest opinion . I know you have been trying very hard .
No , that ’ s not true . I ’ Ve met two American women who were married to Chinese . But those Chinese look very strong and healthy . So if you exercise more often , I bet it will surely be easier for you to date American girls . How old is Jacky Chan ? He ’ s small and short . But I bet he can have any American woman he wants .
Who is it ?
You're always so careless .
Okay , but I haven't prepare supper .
What do you want to eat ?
Recently , there prevails ' Net Love ' !
Two people chat on the Net and step by step fall into love ! It's Net Love .
Maybe yesterday you've received a man's woos . He's called ' Beast ' ?
I watched the screen display !
It's typical Net Love , and a typical lesbians ' homosex ! HA !
What shall we do tonight ?
That's a good idea.We haven't been there for ages .
I want to have Mexican food for dinner .
Tom's dating your sister .
It's almost 6:00 . I'd better be going .
I'm calling about our appointment . I can't call on you this evening.My wife is terribly ill .
How about next week ?
You honestly believe the world ’ s improving every year ?
I don ’ t think you ’ re right there .
I don ’ t believe that .
I agree with you in the sense . But we ’ re all more miserable than ever , aren ’ t we ?
How was your date recently ?
I guess so . Going to watch a movie and having dinner at a restaurant are usual .
Yes , now many girls want to be independent , so it is a little popular , especially among white collars .
Forget about it !
You ’ re going to set up your own law office , aren ’ t you ?
If you need help , don ’ t hesitate to ask me .
I ’ d like to wish you every success in your new venture .
Do you know who Ammo Hung is ?
You know only one aspect of him . Do you know what he would do in the kitchen ?
In the kitchen , with his wife by his side he still puts on quite a dinner time show .
Wasn't that a great flick ? I was on the edge of my seat through the whole movie .
Well , I'm no movie expert , but those special effects were impressive by any standards .
Okay . But you have to admit that it was an exciting story , especially with that surprise ending .
Oh , really ? How does the book end ?
Do you know the highest mountain in the world ?
Wow ! That must be really awesome to stand on the top of the mountain to overlook the earth .
Have people set foot on its peak ?
I have been feeling sick for three days .
I'm feeling down .
Alice , I never knew you had such a lovely voice . You really can sing , can't you ?
No wonder you can control your voice so well . You are a professional singer .
Well , a good teacher makes good students .
Mr.Keller , may I call at your home sometime the week ?
Well , when will it be convenient for you ?
I Don't know how they do it ! Our competitors have undercut us by 10 % percent on the price of our latest model . There is no way will be able to compete against that . We're barely breaking even with the present prices .
Profits are almost nonexistent now , we can't beat their price . How do they keep their price so low ?
Did you know Carl is almost fifty ?
The city has got a traffic problem .
You said it .
Well , you seem to enjoy speaking English .
I hope so.You see , at the moment I find it difficult to get used to the teacher's speed and accent . I'm awfully worried , I can't reply as quickly as she seems to expect .
What ? You want to leave early ?
Do you really need to ?
Is it important ?
You really have to ?
What sort of things do you grow in your garden ?
When is your garden at its best ?
Hi Kevin , how was your year at college ?
It was good . Do you have a girlfriend at school ?
Your tie is handsome .
Did you say that Ted was at your mercy ?
But he is not someone who can be led by the nose .
I failed the exam because I didn't study .
Good morning . Sanyu Restaurant . May I help you ?
We open at 6:30 , sir .
Yes , sir . What time would you like your table , sir ?
Fine ! I'll reserve a table for two at 8 pm , sir . May I have your name , please ?
Thank you , Mr . Davis .
I see . We have already received many bookings and though I can't guarantee anything , please be assured that we'll try our best , Mr . Davis . I hope you'll understand .
We'll try our best .
Wow , this is drop-dead gorgeous .
Don't remind me of that . This would be the last time I cut any classes for a basketball game .
I just can't help it . Oh , look at Clive , he is really a big hit . They are definitely gonna win .
Come on , 18 points already , they are never gonna catch up .
Thay are coming back to narrow the gap .
A secret weapon . They'd better set up the defense now .
Oh , man ! I can't believe it . A slam dunk !
Look at that pretty girl .
What are the seasons like in your city ?
Does it ever rain in summer ?
What are spring and autumn like ?
Well , I live in the southern hemisphere , so our summertime is your wintertime , and vice versa . We get some rain in every season , but most is in winter . In winter , it sometimes gets cold , but our winters are usually quite mild . Summers are warm , but not hot . Spring and autumn are both very short-sometimes just a few weeks each . The weather is very changeable then-just like spring in your city .
No , I don ’ t . I go on a winter holiday instead . I go somewhere warm .
How do you think people get their personalities ?
Don ’ t you think people get their personalities from their parents ?
So why do you think many kids have personalities that are so different from their parents .
You might be right . I guess most parents want their kids to be like them , but kids today grow up in a different environment . You know , they know much more about the world from the internet , newspapers , and tv .
Maybe some of it . I think a lot of people blame TV and movies when the real problem is that the parents aren ’ t bringing their child up correctly .
Yes , that ’ s true . Your son is doing well at school , isn ’ t he ?
Are you an art aficionado ?
I love going to art galleries , particularly when one is holding an exhibition of abstract art .
Art isn ’ t for everyone . I ’ m going to an exhibition tomorrow at the national gallery . It ’ s an exhibition of greek and roman sculpture .
I thought I ’ d have an early lunch and go immediately afterwards . Does that sound ok to you ? Bus 51 goes directly there .
your daughter will be back soon . I'm going to start making dinner . You can just watch some TV in TV room if you like . We just bought a new TV with a LCD screen . The remote control is on the coffee ta
this is supposed to be your vacation ; we'd like you to just relax .
ok , well , we're going to make a pan of lasagne , a salad , and some garlic bread . Here's the recipe . Do you want to get the ingredients we need out of the cupboard ?
that's a good idea . Can you set the oven to 200 degrees Celsius ?
fine . I'll just get out the casserole dish , the saucepan , the salad bowl , and the baking sheet .
I don't think it's broken .
It's very kind of you to come and see us off .
We would stay longer . but I've got to attend a meeting tomorrow morning . Thank you for your warm hospitality .
My wife and I will look forward to it .
lt's Flight No . 302 , Northwest Orient Airlines .
Then we've got to get going .
Thank you again for all your help .
Labor is an abundant resource here .
I'm afraid I've had a terrible row with my boss . What shall I do ?
Oh , but I can't . It wasn't my fault .
What's the matter with you ? You look so upset and tired .
Oh , that's really tough .
I can understand . By the way , is there anyway I can help ?
Oh , that's so great , bless you ! if you need me , I'll always be there .
Come in . It's nice to see you again .
Would you care for a drink ?
What can I do for you ?
I need your library card .
It seems you have late fees .
Yes , I ’ m sure .
Your late fees come to $ 24.50 .
You have to pay it off before you can check out more books .
Hi Sarah , how are you ?
OK .
I'm hungry . I'd like to eat something .
I'd like to go to an Italian restaurant .
I like spaghetti . Do you like spaghetti ?
How was your date with Betty ?
The Johnson are on their way back . You remember them , don't you ?
We met them in Bermuda last May .
The couple with the dogs-think back .
Well , I've invited them for brunch .
Good to see you . Come on in .
I have never experienced a roller coaster . I want you to sit beside me .
It seems that you are an optimistic man who doesn't dismay easily . That is what a good salesman needs . Good luck .
I guess we have covered all the stuff that we need to discuss and it's time to say goodbye .
What are you going to do for your year abroad , Tim ?
You ’ re going to take courses ?
Sounds hard .
Won ’ t you get lonely ?
You're from New York , aren't you ?
What do you suggest I should see in New York ?
No , I don't like museums.They ' re boring .
I ’ ll sing you a song .
Most of my songs are sad , sorry .
Is this Zhang Lin's home ?
Yes , please . I'm a little thirsty , actually .
Coffee , please .
Would you like to talk over a drink ?
Just fine.Are you busy now ?
Shall we visit our math teacher tomorrow ?
How about eight o'clock tomorrow morning ?
I am going to celebrate my birthday with you all in a night club this year , what do you say ?
How did that happen ?
How's your mother doing ?
That's too bad . I wish your mother can recover soon .
The trouble is not that . It is that he may suddenly remember something I promised him a couple of weeks ago , out of a clear blue sky . Then he complains that I have gone back on my words .
He never does , and in fact , he seldom communicates with him .
Do you know where you want to transfer to ?
What school would you like to go to ?
You honestly have no idea ?
You might as well stay here .
PCC is a wonderful institution .
So , what are you going to do ?
Hi , Walter !
What do you think of our new teacher ?
You're got a point there.But do you think he's a little absent-minded ?
Hello , Bob , this is Frank .
I didn't know you knew Frank .
Aren't you staying for the party ?
I don't blame you for getting some rest .
What ?
nothing
Yes , I am .
I don ’ t actually know him .
I only know him through the ... you are not gonna believe this .
Yes .
How do you like Tom ?
Are you ready to welcome him ?
What kind of job have you ever had ?
How did you like your job ?
It ’ s a wonderful party , Joan , The food , the drink , the atmosphere ... Everyone is enjoying himself .
Bottoms up ! By the way what kind of entertainment are we gonna have ?
Oh , how wonderful ! Every girl on the campus has a crush on those handsome guys .
This is the first time for me to have a Chinese guest . I hope you like western cooking .
Cooking is a hobby with me . I'm always trying to think up new recipes . I hope you like the soup . It's kind of a specialty of mine , so I hope you enjoy it .
Thank you for your compliment . Won't you try this fish with white sauce ? I'm rather round of it .
What sort of western food do you like best ?
I find the Chinese dishes wonderful .
To be a revolutionary needs great courage !
Galileo is one of them .
I think Andy's party will be fun .
What's that ?
Sure . Oh , that reminds me . Could I borrow your black leather boots ?
Hot in here , isn't it ?
Is it Ok if I sit here ?
Thanks . My name's Bill Peters , by the way .
Nice to meet you . And what do you do , Susan ?
Oh , are you ? And what are you studying ?
Really ?
I'm an engineer , I work for Boeing . Say , would you like a drink ?
So , Fred , what are your plans for after graduation ?
That's cool . Have you already found an apartment to live in ?
I couldn't even if I wanted to . My parents told me that if I went home , then I'd have to find my own place .
Not really , they just don't want me living at home . My older sister did that , and she lived at home for seven years . Once she started living at home , it got harder and harder for her to move out .
My parents just didn't handle my older sister very well , and because of that , they want me to be more independent . They think that it's important that I should learn how to live on my own .
I'd love to continue this conversation , but I really need to go now . I have to get back to the office .
Okay . Would you like to have lunch some day next week ?
Hmm . I'm afraid I can't make it on Monday . I've got to fly to Chicago on business .
Wednesday ? Let me see . Hmm . Somehow I think I've already got something scheduled for Wednesday . Oh , yes ! I've got an appointment with my dentist to have my teeth cleaned , and it's essential that I keep it .
So that leaves Friday . I don't have any obligations or commitments on Friday.How about you ?
Where are you going ?
I didn ’ t know you were taking any kind of class . Tell me about it .
What for ?
I really admire you for that . How is it going ?
May I ask what the name is the girl ?
The tallest one .
Oh , it's so . She looks very lovely . Could you give me some else information on her ?
How do you think about her ?
I'm wondering if she has boyfriend .
How may I help you ?
You need to apply for a passport .
You can apply right now .
Fill this out , please .
I will need to take your passport picture .
It will take about three weeks .
What are you thinking about ?
Again !
Mr . : For tomorrow , read pages 12 to 20 . Then do exercises one through ten on page 21 .
Mr . : No . You only do that when you write reports .
Mr . : For those of you who don't have a calculator , get one .
Lucy , come here ! I can see the lake which is in the center of park .
It is a great place for a relaxing vacation .
Yeah , I agree . It makes you feel really good .
Do you mean the red things ? They are roses .
So , is L . A . all it's cracked up to be ?
And , is it what you found ?
Good morning , Miss .
Yes , I'd like to know how to use the library . You know , I'm a new student here .
Yes . Here's my identification .
Thank you very much . By the way , how many books am I allowed to check out ?
How long can I keep the books ?
I want a book on physics . Could you show me where I can find it ?
What a wonderful game !
I think John is the best player on the field .
Thank you for organizing this great baby shower for me ! I ’ Ve always been to baby showers but never actually had one held for me ! Let ’ s get started !
Oh look ! What a great little bib for the baby ! This will definitely come in handy ! Oh wow , you also got me a stroller ! That ’ s so great ! Thank you !
A highchair and car seat ! Wow Betty , thank you so much ! I really appreciate it !
A playpen and crib ! Thanks Carla ! This is just what I needed !
By the way , how many books am I allowed to check out ?
How long can I keep the books ?
Susan ? What brings you here today ?
Really ? So what ’ s the news ?
I'm going on a guided tour in the mountain .
I like the sight and the sound . It worked on me like a magic when I was a child
I work so hard that I do not have the energy to exercise .
But I work hard all the time for long hours . Often I have no time for lunch . Yet , I am still getting fatter .
I know you're right , but what can I do ?
But I'll miss the news.It ' s important in my business to keep up with events in China .
Excuse me , how can I fill in this blank ? What does marital status mean ?
No , I'm still single .
Good morning , you look very tired .
Did you hold a party or something else yesterday ?
I don't like this program , because there are too many constant arguments between the judges .
Do you have much time watching TV ?
I don't like ads , either . But ads could bring big profits to the TV station .
You should draw a picture of a fancy kingdom of animals in forty minutes .
Just imagine , if a horse can fly , if a bird can swim ... and things like that .
OK . Here you are . Anybody who wants help , please come to me .
Mom , I've got something to tell you .
Aunt Jane buys a new bike for Tom . He is putting on grand airs .
It is great . But Tom's bike is so much better than mine .
Nothing of that sort !
Mom , it's OK . I will buy a big car one day . It is faster than the bus .
Hey Steve . When's the next time you're going to play golf ?
Do you already have a foursome ?
That sounds good . Where do you want to play ?
How about Bellevue ? It's pretty close .
Twilight rates are 21 dollars .
Aright . I'll get a tee time for Wednesday at about 4
Ok . I'll call you later when I get a tee time .
Aright . Have fun on Saturday .
What's the weather like in your hometown ?
Is it hot in summer ?
He told the police that Ted was the murderer .
Why do you say so ?
Hey , let's arm wrestle !
Chicken ! You're afraid I'll beat you .
Oh , God . It ’ s late . I ’ m afraid I have to leave .
That ’ s very kind of you . But if I don ’ t go now I ’ ll miss the last bus .
Thank you for your hospitality .
How about next time we meet at my place ? And I ’ ll treat you to Chinese food . I know how much you like it . We can order in and watch video too . Anything you like , I promise .
Well . I really do have to go .
isn't it wonderful walking here ?
I mean look at all these magnificent tall buildings around us .
it's quite famous but don't you think it looks a bit old-fashioned ?
what other important buildings are we going to see on Fifth Avenue ?
what's there after that ?
what are all they for ?
Hi , Daisy !
I hope you are Settling in at school !
Good ! Me too ! By the way . you didn't tell me what you are studying here .
Really ? That's great . You hope to join a company after graduating ?
What about your friend Zoe
Accountancy ? Really ? She must be very good at figures .
I'm studying law .
Emily , are you getting rushed by a sorority ?
Wow . I'm getting rushed too , but just one . Are you thinking of joining any of them ?
The guys I've talked to say that the activities that go on in a frat house can be a little distracting depending on the group .
Were your parents involved in that kind of thing at all when they went to school ?
Are you studying any languages here ?
What are you majoring in ?
Is it difficult to learn ?
Do you know anything about Britain and America ?
Right.It ' s important to learn the culture of a nation if you want to learn the language well .
How are you ?
I'm okay . What are you doing these days ?
That's great . When are you starting ?
Mary is such a cautious girl !
She never puts words into her mouth , she only repeats the opinions of others .
He has a girlfriend already .
Her new girlfriend is a far cry from Ann . She is like a breath of fresh air .
Let ’ s cross here .
Now we have to walk all the way down to the end of the street .
Jenny , are you having fun here ?
I ’ m glad you ’ re enjoying it .
It ’ s my pleasure . Would you like another glass of champagne ?
Steven , have you ever met Hanson ever since he went back to London ?
What's the way you keep in contact ?
Email is not always the best form . I think QQ is way better .
Joanna , I will go to the outlet center . You wanna go with me ?
I saw Emily yesterday evening . She was wearing a CD evening gown . She told me she bought it in the outlet center and she saved $ 120 !
Hello Mike ! Would you like a drink ?
Were you celebrating something ?
It ’ s a bad idea to drink a combination of alcoholic drinks . You should stick with one for the whole evening .
I usually only drink beer and I rarely drink more than a few pints .
Let me buy you a soft drink then . How about a coke ?
Rally ? ... barman ! ... a large coke with ice and lemon , please ... thanks . Here ’ s the money .
Yes . I thought it might be interesting to learn a little about wine ...
Excuse me , do you know where the visa office is ?
Thanks !
I want to study abroad .
I hope to study English literature .
Not yet . I have an interview with the visa official today .
No , I've already been to here for three interviews .
I was denied a visa ?
Like most students . I want to work in America after graduation .
He's only interested in harassing you . How can he expect us to have so much time to waste ?
As obnoxious as Bean is , we should still try to finish this case .
What does your sister look like , Mike ?
Is she like you ?
Is she as clever as you ?
When were you born may I ask ?
Do you know what it was according to the lunar calendar ?
By the way , could you tell me when the film will begin ?
I am frigid I can't be there on time .
I don't want to miss it today .
Honey , do you have a second ?
We need to talk .
I ’ Ve been thinking , and well , I think we need to start seeing other people .
That ’ s just it , I ’ m not happy anymore , Tim . It ’ s not you , it ’ s me . I know that I can be hard to deal with , and you are a great guy ! You are the type of guythat any woman would kill for !
Tim , you are too good for me . You deserve someone who can make you smile and make you happy the way that you made me happy . Oh , I could say that I ’ ll be all you need , but that would be a lie . I know I ’ d only hurt you , I know I ’ d only make you cry .
I can ’ t , Tim . I hope someday you can find some way to understand I ’ m only doing this for you . I don ’ t really wanna go but , deep in my heart I know this is the kindest thing to do .
Did you hear what happened to Mike in Accounts ?
He got arrested on Friday night and spent the night in jail .
Well , it was all a big mistake , actually . He got home on Friday night really late , and apparently he'd been out drinking with some clients , so he was really drunk .
Yes , I think so .
Well , anyway , he'd somehow lost his wallet and his house keys , so he couldn't get in . He lives alone , you know .
No , she left him last year .
Hang on , let me finish telling you what happened . Where was I ?
Oh yes , well , he tried to climb in through the bathroom window , but apparently he slipped and broke the glass with his foot . The neighbors heard him and thought a robbery was in progress , so they called the police .
Yes . So when the cops arrived , they didn't believe his story
Well , when he sobered up , he called someone from work to come and bail him out .
What's your opinion about childless couples ? Will you choose to have no kids ?
Why ? Do you have to make a choice now ?
What's the puzzle ?
Oh , I see . I think the older generation tend to think in a different way .
Oh , really ? Maybe she is just eager to see her grandchildren .
Definitely .
Don't worry . I think in most cases , children are the glue that keeps a family together .
Hi , Jim and Wendy . Where're you going ?
You ’ re a big fan of Andy Lau , aren ’ t you ?
How come you don ’ t have all of his films on DVD ?
I see . I ’ m sure you ’ ll find them one day . I see you also have several poster of him .
Are you a member of his fan club ?
Did you see the interview with Andy Lau in cosmopolitan magazine last month ?
How did you enjoy your family party at “ ginger ’ s ” ? I hear that they have a lovely menu and buffet .
I like the buffets they have , but if often order a la carte , because I don ’ t feel extremely hungry . I like the wine list there too .
Some restaurants allow you to take your own wine and just charge you corkage , but the don ’ t do that at “ ginger ’ s ” . what was included in the seafood buffet ?
Did they have lobster ?
Yes , it probably is . I don ’ t like ordering oysters in restaurants . You never know whether they are fresh .
When you eat out , do you usually eat from the buffet ?
Oh , you don ’ t usually have a starter ?
Harry , do you like the opera ?
Why is that ? It is called real art .
Hello there ! Come on in ! Don ’ t just stand there ! Come and take a seat !
Oh my gosh ! Your hair is amazing ! So silky , so shiny ! I am going to work my magic on your hair ! You hear me ? You are going to look like a million bucks !
Don ’ t you worry , I ’ ll take care of everything ! Oh my god ! I just love your curly hair ! It ’ s so fluffy and cute ! You should totally let it grow out . An afro would look great on you !
May doesn't get along very well with her mother-in-law .
Poor John ! He is bothering both sides of this bread .
what do you think about this store ? I heard it ’ s a posh store that ’ s only got branches in big cities .
don ’ t worry . I ’ Ve decided that for your birthday I ’ m going to take you shopping for a new dress .
I do , that ’ s why you should appreciate this gift !
how about this red dress ? I think it would really suit you .
here you go.On any other day , it would cost me a fortune , but it ’ s on special offer today .
let me look . Let ’ s see ... they ’ Ve got one in blue , green , pink , black ... and white . Here you are .
I think you look fantastic . Happy Birthday !
Judy , what is everybody talking about ?
You ’ re kidding . It can ’ t be true .
Really ? I ’ m surprised .
Do you think that climate change is responsible for the recent floods ?
It seems that the climate in this country is changing .
I think that the changing climate is a sign that we are causing too much damage to the environment .
I remember you said that you like China because it has cheap beers .
Why do you drink ? I mean , where does drinking get you ?
Come on , you don't even know that blinds following is a sign of immaturity .
How ? By drinking ?
When did you begin to drink ?
And then ?
What is your favorite pastime ?
Is it ? Mine is climbing mountains on Sunday mornings .
hello , Deva , how are you ?
not bad . Have you heard Wendy divorced her husband ?
Yes . They used to be joined at the hip .
yes , she said they couldn't communicate well with each other and they often argued over trivial things .
you said it . You know , they fall in love at first sight and quickly jumped into marriage .
yeah . We Chinese have quite different lifestyles and values from foreigners .
we've heard so much about Chinese film stars divorcing foreigners .
Here's Copellini's , my cousin's store .
Admit it . You just think of Mussolini .
Ah , yes . The Italians do love the sensual forms of the human body .
Thanks for the pizza . It was delicious .
Next time , it's on me .
I'm serious .
Certainly . The vegetarian pizza looks pretty good . It must be very delicious .
I really admire you , Diana .
You are always happy and able to achieve high scores at school .
Isn't there anything else ?
You must have a high IQ score .
Go ahead .
Seriously ? But you are such a genius .
Well , perhaps you're right . Sometimes EQ matters more than IQ .
OK , thank you . I'm going to the library , are you coming ?
The academy is an important part of the education system .
What does this have to do with me ?
Order tea . Isn't that what you like to drink ?
If you want to be macho , order a double shot of espresso .
Your father looks much younger in the picture .
How old is he now ?
Hey , Mike , is Jenny coming with us ?
Nothing . I'm just asking .
Who has a crush ? !
Well , I don't have the guts to ask her out .
I'd totally die if she turned me down .
It looks like it's going to be sunny .
They say we're going to get some rain later .
Does anyone need a drink ?
It's still stocked , and there's plenty of ice . Here you are-cheers !
No , we walked . Why , do you need us to carry some stuff home later ?
Thanks a million .
Would you honor us with a visit ?
When will you be convenient ?
Are you doing anything tomorrow ?
I'll pick you up at about nine o'clock , will it do ?
Would you mind if I use your tape-recorder ?
I'll give it back to you in a couple of days .
What are you doing this weekend ?
I was thinking of maybe taking a drive to the beach .
Would you be interested in joining me ?
I thought that we could leave around 8
That was part of my plan .
Congratulations on your success in the competition . That is quite something .
I think luck played a very small part in your victory . It is solely due to your hard work and efforts . That brings honor to you and joy to us .
It is real word .
Oh ! You're engaged ! What a beautiful engagement ring ! Who to ?
When's the wedding going to be ?
Are you having a big wedding ?
But what do you say about that ?
Who ’ s this ? your girl-friend ?
How old is she ?
She is tall ?
And she is thin , isn ’ t she ?
How ’ re you today ?
What ’ s the main idea in this essay ?
Hi , Walter !
What do you think of our new teacher ?
You're got a point there.But do you think he's a little absent-minded ?
I don't understand why some parents keep beefing and complaining about their daughters not being able to follow suit .
If I were Li Na , I would ask her if she had done that .
Those are today ’ s top stories . Now let ’ s go to John for the weather . John , what does the forecast look like for our weekend travelers ?
That ’ s pretty chilly for the summer ! Will it rain on Saturday ?
That certainly sounds like a dreary Saturday .
May I know how old you are ?
What is your date of birth ?
What was the last movie you saw ?
Really ? I've seen that movie , too .
I thought it was pretty good .
You're kidding . The story and acting were outstanding .
Now the coals are just right . I can start grilling .
Thanks . Smell the hickory chips ? They give the meat a nice , smoky flavor .
Sorry . This is a one-man job . I've got the grill just how I like it , and I've made up my own special sauce .
Jimmy , I ’ d like to wear this robe for tonight cocktail party . What do you think of it ?
What ? But it is my favorite piece of clothing .
What am I going to do ?
Would you mind if I make a suggestion ?
Maybe you should try to quit smoking . You know it is very bad for your health .
You have made a big progress . Quitting smoking is not an easy job . But it will be rewarding in the long run .
What's your favorite sport ?
The Blacks got divorced .
Mr . Black has been getting a little on the side .
No , he doesn't . Anyway , his wife found out that he has been two-timing for a long time .
No . The only thing I've ever done behind your back is zipping you up .
You are freaking me out .
I heard that janet has got a new job . She ’ s working for the united investment group . I hear that they pay very well .
now , she ’ ll be able to save up for that holiday in the united states .
you ’ re right . By the way , did you hear that tom inherited some money recently ?
they did . He inherited the money form an uncle . I hope he doesn ’ t lose a lot of it in taxed to the government .
he said that he would probably invest most of it . He ’ s got a well-paid job , so he doesn ’ t need the money to cover day-to day expenses . He just wants some extra money available for when he retires .
really ? Have you won a fortune in the lottery ?
You haven't spent much time with Sophia lately . Are you speaking to each other at the moment ?
But you two used to do everything together . I thought you really enjoyed each other's company .
Can't you hang out with them , too ?
Maybe you should invite her over for dinner , so it's just the two of you .
It can't be that bad . She was always a really good friend to you .
She's probably just excited about her new job . You should give her some time . It would be a shame to lose such a good friend .
I still think you two should try to patch things up .
Do you love me ?
Yes , but do you love me ?
Why didn ’ t you answer my question ?
Do you love me ? come on , I ’ m eager to hear .
Don ’ t cherish your words , dear .
Thanks for inviting me . And happy birthday , Julia .
How may I help you today ?
The copier is right over there .
We do charge to use the machine .
We charge ten cents a copy .
There is no limit to how many copies you can make .
Please read the instructions on the copier .
Hello , Mary . What ’ s the matter with you ? You look upset .
Oh , I ’ m sorry to hear that . I know how you feel . Please don ’ t be sad .
Hi , I haven't seen you in a while .
How long has it been since we last saw each other ?
What have you been doing for the past two years ?
What are you majoring in ?
You should easily be able to find a job with that major .
Here you are at last ! You're half an hour late , you know .
What happened ?
I'm sorry for spilling my drink on your rug .
But I ruined your rug .
Hey ! How was your first day of class ? I ’ m in level two and I ’ m loving my class this semester ! It ’ s great being in a class of international students !
That ’ s both fortunate and unfortunate . It ’ s the United Nations in my class ! We have people from all over the world ! There are three Germans , a Pole , a Scottish , two French , an American , a Brazilian , a Chilean , a New Zealander , though he prefers to call himself a Kiwi . Who else do we have ? Oh , we also have a Moroccan , a Togolese , a Pakistani , and two Indonesians !
Well , I think you ’ re pretty lucky actually . You ’ ll have the opportunity to learn so much about Asian culture .
Don ’ t ! Stay the course ! Your spoken Chinese will be eternally grateful . I bet you it will even surpass mine with all that practice .
Currently we are looking for business opportunities in northeast China .
We send analysts to companies that run into financial difficulties .
Smaller local companies . We specialize in trade & shipping industry .
Bob !
Fine , just fine . And you ?
I didn't like my brother's batting around without doing anything useful .
May I have your attention please ?
Well , my speech isn't very long . Would you please ...
Excuse me , are you Miss Green ?
May I introduce myself ?
I ’ m a new student in the school . My name ’ s John .
So , have you seen all three The Lord of the Rings movies ?
That's the Return of the King , right ?
I thought the special effects were amazing , but I got a bit confused . The plot was too complicated for me .
No . did you ?
Yes , trying to keep track of all the characters was quite confusing for me .
Most movies are . Another problem for me was the film was dubbed in German with English subtitles .
I heard that The Return of the King was nominated for 11 Oscars .
Jill , how do you like your new job ?
I just heard through the grapevine something about you landing a job with some travel agency down town . You can still fill me in on tile details .
Sure , I think I know the place .
That ’ s really great , jill . So , what do you do there exactly ?
Don ’ t tell me your ’ re already bucking for a promotion .
Hey , Jack , where's your car ?
Is that right ? This sure beats the old one ?
Ok . Boy , this looks expensive .
Wow , this thing can haul .
I believe it . Hoo , this car corners like it's on rails .
Wow , this car can really burn rubber .
You made a perfect choice , Jack .
Woo hoo ! This just might be the start of the rest of my life !
I ’ m in the market for a job ! I went on a website with hundreds of job listings in the area and browsed through them until I got the names of a few employers I would like to work for . I have the resume I wrote for English class last month and a cover letter will be a piece of cake to write . I ’ Ve even done my research and found the names of the managers so I can address the letters personally . And you know I can be charming in interviews . Goodbye my penniless days ! Hello salary and a career !
Oh , just for a position as a gas station attendant . You know , starting at a simple lowly job , just like all the greats before they made it big in the world .
Hello , Ellen .
Oh , no ! What happened ?
How awful ! Was he hurt ?
How did it happen ?
How horrible !
I hope he ’ ll be all right .
My son has really taken it out of me . He never keeps out of mischief .
Alright , we need to have a plan here . First of all , which bed do you want ?
Alright . Do you have a coin ?
Heads .
Oh , well . So you get the bottom bunk . What about our stereos ? It looks like we both brought our stereos . Probably we only have room for one .
No , I don't mind . I just don't know where we can put the speakers in this tiny room .
Alright . That's a good plan . What about the desks ? We have two desks , one by the window and one by the door ? Which one do you want ?
Yes , I agree .
Alright .
Is that right ?
Well , I hope you let me hang out with you then . Maybe I can learn from you .
Are all lucky people so stuck up ?
Anyway , I get the desk by the window , you get the bottom bunk . That's it .
I will go get something to eat . You unpack first.Then , when I come back , I'll unpack .
let's go swimming .
I know , but I'm really hot .
Why are you so late ?
I think we should accept his plan .
Why ?
Not a single email until now ? it's already twelve o'clock . I can't believe it !
Yeah , that's right . If no one sends me text messages , I'll go crazy .
Addiction ? checking emails and text messages often can be called an addiction ? no way !
Absolutely .
Yeah , it's a must . Otherwise , I may miss important phone calls and text messages .
Yes . MSN , QQ , Skype , Google Talk , Ali wangwang , everything , so that I'll be in touch with all friends and relatives .
Do you like chocolates ?
Do you like coffee ?
And do you like English food ?
It's getting late .
There must be something weighing on your mind . What is it ?
Don ’ t worry . I'll buy a new necklace as same as the old one .
Could you tell me the time ?
What time is it , please ?
Wow , that terrible movie is finally over . Next time I ’ m picking the film , because I don ’ t want to end up seeing a chick flick .
Not everything , just this film . Even the title is ridiculous , and it ’ s so long , those are the two and a half most wasted hours of my life , so much so that I ’ m thinking about asking them to give me my money back .
I ’ m only complaining about a movie that I could have rented or bought and then thrown in the garbage .
Next time , go with your gay friend who is more in touch with his feelings .
Love stories ? More like one-night-stands .
My friends ? Fat ? What about those whales you call friends ?
How about going swimming ?
Why don ’ t we down to the pool ? It ’ s not too far from here .
I want to go to china for sight-seeing.What do you think of it , Mum ?
Will you go with me , too ?
Mr . : Are you Mary Lin ?
Mr . : I'm Mr . Rogers , your homeroom teacher .
Mr . : Why don't you sit behind Brad ?
Mr . : He's that guy in the blue shirt .
Welcome to our university ’ s fifties anniversary , Sir . Please have a seat .
Thank you .
Certainly . Mr . Lee ’ s office building at the south end of the campus , just beside the library .
Let me show you the way . Please follow me .
My pleasure .
Excuse me , miss . I'm Bob .
I'm very glad to meet you . May I have this dance with you ?
No , I don't often dance . Isn't this a wonderful party ?
How do you like fox-trot ?
You dance beautifully .
I ’ m going to the beauty parlor . Do you want to come too ?
I want to have a foot massage and haircut .
Good idea . We should also pedicures and manicures .
I think it ’ s a good idea to pamper yourself occasionally . Don ’ t you agree ?
Maybe we should try a thai massage too .
That ’ s when the masseuse walk on your back and massage you with her feet .
I just love your hair that way .
Where did you have it done ?
Just yesterday . I'm still getting used to it .
What's the matter ?
Is Jack still staying idle everyday ?
Really ? He is so competent now .
Sandra is actually a blue chipper . I don't think she could realize that she has married a fool for women .
I feel sorry for her .
Paul , what kind of music do you like to listen to ?
I have tickets to a show . Do you want to go with me ?
Pop . It's Maria Carey .
At 8P M tomorrow night .
Yes , that's a good idea .
Oh , I think I know the place you mean . We ate there last month , right ?
Hello , ladies . I'm firing up the grill . We can eat in an hour or so .
Yi-jun , we're in the States . Here it's all burgers , steaks , and dogs .
You can put stuff on the picnic table . Back to work . The grill is calling me ...
Is Water Shrinking Festival official ?
Don't you think these festivals are more interesting !
Hey man , what do you have on tap ?
Cool , give me a pint of Heineken and half a pint of Bud .
Sure ! Let ’ s have some nachos and mozzarella sticks .
So you are green with envy at your neighbor ?
But I don ’ t envy those who are filthy with dough . That ’ s not the whole life .
Now that it ’ s the new year , I ’ Ve decided to turn over a new leaf .
You got it ! I have a new job , I ’ m living in a new city , with new friends ! This is my opportunity to make some small changes in the way I live my life .
Well , first of all , I ’ Ve decided to stop smoking . It ’ s not that I ’ m pinching pennies or anything , it ’ s just that I ’ Ve been smoking since I was sixteen , and I think it ’ s time to stop .
One last thing , I ’ Ve decided to come out of the closet .
Are you doing something on Saturday evening ? If not , welcome to my new apartment .
Yes , I have been busy emptying the packing boxes and cleaning up the mats . Right now , it looks like a home . I would like to have a small celebration party . Please do come .
It is in the DX community , Room 306 , No . 2 building . It is very easy to find . Just ask the guard at the entrance .
I invited all the colleagues in our department and also my former neighbor , Paul . He is a very good person . You should meet him .
Did you remember to bring back that software I lent to you ?
That ’ s ok . If you could just bring it in tomorrow , I would appreciate it .
I wouldn't dare go bungee jumping .
Hello , could you arrange a dinner for us ?
Eight o'clock tomorrow evening .
Ten .
Chinese food .
No , not too lavish .
What is the usual thing here ?
Let's say sixty Yuan then .
We'd like to have typical Chinese food .
No snakes , please .
Mao Tai and Qingdao Beer .
Right , thanks .
You're going to abandon me , just like that ?
Why are you so crazy about bird-watching ? What do you get out of it ?
Really ?
How was your vacation in Paris ?
When in Rome , do as the Romans do , they say .
Roman is living in Rome , of course . And go to work by car , or bus , or on foot .
Certainly .
Not always . But they like good meal .
How can I go there to have a taste ?
Hey , Joshua ! Is Anny coming with us ?
Nothing . I'm just asking .
Who has a crush ?
I'd totally die if she turned me down .
What's that book you have under your arm ?
How in the world did you get a copy ? I've put a hold on it at the public library for weeks and I'm still waiting my turn .
Is it really worth paying for ?
Do you know anyone who ’ s had plastic surgery ?
Why not ? Why can't we go back to the way things were ?
Darned right I would !
Come on , Liz . Be open-minded ! Look at my eyes , they are puffy . And my eye bags , they are dark and loose and full of lines and circles . I really hope surgery can wipe out the tired feelings .
I heard Rose is pregnant . I hope it'll be a boy this time .
After three baby girls in a row , Rose is under a lot of pressure from her in-laws.They want a boy in the worst way now .
I have two finals this week and one oral presentation and I'm not ready for any of them !
I hate this part of school .
I didn't mean to . Things just kept taking up all of my time .
I think I'd better . I have twenty four credits this time around . That might be a bit much .
I went bungee jumping yesterday . It was so exciting .
Yes , They are great fun and very challenging , too . Some day I'll want to try deep-sea diving and rock-climbing , too .
Honey , would you marry me ?
Please , honey , I have made proposals to you fifteen times .
Oh , god , please tell me how .
OK , I want you to be happy when we are together , and when you are sad , I would always stay with you .
Yes , I would . Thanks for being in my life .
My old man always harps on me .
But I can't bear it , John .
What are you doing tomorrow ?
Let's watch a movie or something .
I think they're playing Lord of the Rings
Where should we meet ?
Jenny , I want to go on a picnic . Could you come too ?
Then , put on your casual clothes and pack some food and beverages .
Sure . Bring enough films , please .
Ok ... I ’ ll talk to you later . Bye
I just got off the phone with my boyfriend . He is always getting upset and losing his temper over nothing . It ’ s so hard to talk to him at times .
Yeah but , he is always in a really foul mood . I try to find out what ’ s bothering him or get him to talk about his day but , he always shuts down and brushes me off .
I guess you are right . What do you think I should do ? He wasn ’ t always this grouchy you know ...
Is it going to rain today ?
I really hate this weather .
Would you like something to eat ?
Would you like to call home ?
Please use the phone .
You didn't come to work yesterday.What happened ?
What's wrong with him ?
Is he getting better now ?
How are you doing , Christopher ?
Are you doing anything this weekend ?
Are you available on Sunday ?
Ok , well , my friends and I are planning on going to the beach on Sunday . We tend to leave around noon whenever we go anywhere , so you could still sleep in . Do you want to come with us ?
It's a quiet beach just about an hour outside of the city .
We've got plenty of inflatables , but if you want to sit on a chair , you'll have to bring your own sunlounger .
Do you like surfing ?
We've got a few . I can teach you how to surf on Sunday . It'll be fun !
You'll just need roughly $ 10 for food and gas money . My friend is driving , so we usually all chip in a few dollars for gas money .
Are you sure this is the right restaurant 。
You don't think you could be wrong ?
I don't know . It looks a little wrong down .
You're hundred percent sure you want to eat here ?
Could you help me prepare for my presentation on Friday ?
I hate to ask you to do something like that .
When could we get together ?
Would you like to meet me at the coffee house next door ?
I'll come prepared .
But his wife has wide relations . You may ask her for advice .
She is pretty . Many men praise her highly .
I heard you were teaching English over there.Tell me about it . Did you like it ?
What were the schools like ?
But you taught children , yes ?
They actually study after school ?
Hmm . That sounds pretty oppressive for the kids . Don't they ever relax ?
Asian cultures value learning very much . I know that .
But aren't the kids tired out ? I mean , they go to school all day , and then they go to school in the evening too .
Are the kids in Taiwan very obedient ?
Hmm . I know you taught in Costa Rica also.Which did you like better--Costa Rica or Taiwan ?
the dinner was really good . It knocked my socks off .
great . Sweet wines are my favorite . They always make a great finish to a decisions meal .
port , please .
the port is exquisite . It must have spent years aging in barrels . Am I right ?
next time we are about to dinner we should try some Canadian ice wine .
it's made from naturally frozen grapes .
oh , here's to your health .
Hey Mike . What are you doing tonight ?
Work is kicking my ass . I'm so stressed . Let's go grab a drink .
I say we get drunk tonight . I don't want to think about all this stuff .
We won't stay out too late . I just need to forget about work .
My wife and I didn't used to spend this much money .
My wife has been pregnant for 7 months .
My wife will be going back to work soon .
We came too early . There're still three hours before the performance starts .
Never mind . What about taking a look around the theater ?
Here we go . There is a museum of the Beijing Opera art . ( They come to the museum of the Beijing Opera art . )
Not really . They are just opera costumes . Do you like the embroidery ?
No , no , no . They are all handmade , girl . You know , the ancient Chinese women were supposed to be good at needlework .
Very few can . That's why these clothes only appear in the museum .
Oh , yes . I heard there was an opera fans club . They are probably practicing now . Wanna have a look ?
Follow me . Make sure not to interrupt them .
I'm worried sick that she might leave me one day .
Tell me , please .
Anna , that outfit looks wonderful on you ! The color goes with your trousers perfectly .
Well , that dress certainly shows your good taste . It must have cost a lot .
Really ? You're an amazing bargain hunter ! Next time there's a sale , promise you'll let me tag along with you .
Well , how did you enjoy your seaside trip ?
Tell me about it , will you ?
Did you stop at the Fall for some pictures ?
You were lucky then .
What did you do after that ?
So you must have had a busy and enjoyable day yesterday .
Where can I buy textbooks ?
Yes , I have that .
No , I don't know where the bookstore is .
Really ? How can I do that ?
No , I can't make it today .
No , thanks . I'm good .
I don't like the merry-go-round .
Ok , I guess it's worthy of two yuan .
Hey Lydia , what are you reading ?
What are you talking about ? Let me see that ... What are horoscopes ?
January 5th .
That ’ s bogus . I don ’ t feel any stress at work , and my love life is practically nonexistent . This zodiac stuff is all a bunch of nonsense .
Well , you certainly match those criteria , but they ’ re so broad they could apply to anyone . What does it say about me ?
Oh , my god . How can you stand living in such a messy dorm ?
Have you even tried to clean it once since you moved in at the beginning of the semester ?
I think we need to restart the dormitory sanitation inspection system .
Then I'll take them . How much ?
Here is $ 150.Keep the change .
You shouldn't have told her the truth.What can we do now ?
You are always like this . I've told you many times not to tell her .
It's too late to say sorry now.Oh , what am I going to do ?
Are you alright , Ethan ? You don't seem to be as cheerful as you normally are .
What happened ?
What did your boss say ?
That's horrible . Was that the first time you'd shown up late to work ?
Is your boss Chinese ?
What are you going to do ?
That sounds like a sensible plan . Do you want me to help you with your job search ?
Victoria , you are back from vacation ! How was it ?
How come ?
Hello , Dora , I haven't seen you for a long time . Where have you been ?
What's up ? You look unhappy .
Oh , I know . Sometimes I have the same feeling with you . But you'd better not be so emotional .
Sure , no problem . You can call me any time you are alone from now on .
So you said you and Amanda met through a mutual friend . How did it happen ?
Did he tell you what she was like first ?
Sorry , sir . I came late because I had to send for the doctor for my grandfather .
Thank you , sir .
I heard many stories about your brother .
What does he look like ? Is he handsome ?
I've never met anyone like Clyde before .
Wow ! There are so many different people here . I expected mostly athletes and rappers .
What book is that ?
Canada , china , and the use are huge too .
Those small countries are microscopic compared to Russia . European countries are relatively small . France looks quite big in Europe , but compared to many countries in other continents , it ’ s not very l
It ’ s going to a volleyball match between the economic department and foreign language department this afternoon . Are any of you keen on volleyball ?
Tonight is a party night ! What drinks do you think we need ?
I don't think we need too much in the way of soft drinks , Two super bottles of Cola should cover everyone . What about wine ?
No , once I fill the tub with beer , I'll get the ice . The beer will be cool if you put the tub under the ice . The cooler , the better .
Hi , John ! I haven ’ t seen you for ages .
I ’ m glad to see you , too . How ’ Ve you been ?
Not bad . I finally bought a house . It ’ s an old one , but built really solid . It is close to here . Do you want to come over for lunch ?
OK , next time you ’ re here .
I heard that you moved to Florida .
Tell me more .
Sounds great !
I want to see Disney World , Sea World , Universal Studios , and Weeki-Watchee Springs .
I ’ m jealous . I ’ Ve never been to Florida .
That sounds great ! I ’ ll take you up on that invitation .
I sure will .
Count on it . And here ’ s my card . Don ’ t hesitate to call me anytime .
Well , I ’ m really glad we bumped into each other . Have a good trip .
I will . Good-bye .
I can't decide what I should do .
Should I date Tom or should I date Harry ?
I'll tell you something that's good about action movies . The special effects are great !
That's just your personal prejudice . Do you know who was the director of the movie Titanic ?
Well , did you know he was also the director of The Terminator ?
Can I help you ?
We have some catalogues from U . S . universities . You may check in the reference stacks over there .
Well , generally in the U . S . each university has its own outstanding fields . But the graduate school accepts no applications after January 29th .
So you have to apply to begin the first semester next year .
Can you be serious for a moment , we've been dating for 6 months now , I really like you . I'd like to take a relationship to the next level .
It feels like you are not dedicate to our relationship . It seems like you treat it as a just casual dating .
I don't want to be like this . I think we should get step further .
Like what ?
It was only the cheek .
Oh , that is ridiculous .
Definitely not .
How did you get around over there ? Did you rent cars ?
I've heard about Enrail passes.So those Europeans really depend on trains a lot .
I know . Our train system is lousy.And besides , Americans love their cars too much .
It's too bad for the environment . So much pollution from cars .
Yes , I agree . I think it is a cultural characteristic.It would be very hard to get us Americans to change this.But you know what ? Probably , in the future , Americans will have to change .
Because the earth's environment can't tolerate cars forever . I think cars are already causing global warming.When the problem gets more serious , world governments will have to start limiting car use .
Wow ! I didn't notice the time.It ' s almost noon . I have to get home .
No , no problem . I have my car in the parking ramp around the corner .
It's raining outside , Catherine , it's too bad.What ' s the weather like in your hometown ?
Do you like the weather in Seattle ?
Why ?
What about the weather in Boston ?
Is it very cold in winter ?
I'll help you with your homework .
That's a cool jacket . Where did you get it ?
I want to say goodbye to everyone .
I ’ m catching the nine fifteen train tomorrow morning .
You really don ’ t need to .
I hope so , too . Thank you , Lily . Thank you for everything .
Please say goodbye to the rest of the family for me .
Thank you . Remember to look me up if you ’ re ever in Washington .
Herman , why are you so excited ?
Have you fallen in love ?
Can you describe the situation at that time ?
What's her outlook ?
Where is Tom ?
What ? It ’ s only 9 p . m . Now . Why today he went to bed so early ?
What an attractive blouse , You look so pretty in this blue dress !
It's very nice.It goes well with your skirt .
Not at all.This dress certainly shows your good taste .
What college are you attending ?
Why did you choose to attend that college ?
What kind of college is it ?
How do you like the play ?
You're absolutely right . I think the acting could be better .
Maybe you're right . But I really don't like it .
Yes , they had constant changes of scene , and I love variety .
Which team has won ?
But I still think AC milan's defence seems better organized .
I am really tired of Terry .
What are you studying all day long for ? It ’ s summer vacation !
Why ?
Do you think it will help ?
Hmm ... Maybe I should sign up too .
Have you seen the new Hannibal Letter movie ?
Yes . What did you think of it ?
I liked it , too . It was scary , but not disgusting . I always enjoy watching Anthony Hopkins . He's brilliant .
Oh , yes , he is brilliant . What's the name of the young actor ?
Mary seems depressed . What ’ s the matter ?
Hi charles , I want you know that i finally found an apartment in haitian .
Yeah , I am having a party this saturday night , a sort of house warming , and i want to invite you . are you busy ?
Around seven .
No , but thanks for offering , actually could you bring some fold-up chairs for people if you have any ? I am afraid not everyone's going to have a seat , do you have any ?
Don't worry , I will come to pick you up at about six thirty .
Did you watch the Oscars on Sunday night ?
Yes , that was surprising . I heard that they got into a fight and then decided not to go .
They're also one of the richest couples . They have so much money and they can buy almost anything they want .
Did either one of them win an Oscar this year ?
Tom Cruise may be handsome , but I think he's a bit crazy , don't you ?
I still think that they only got married to get more publicity for their movies and themselves .
I would never want to be a celebrity because the paparazzi would also be after you .
Thank goodness we're not rich and famous !
Oh , my God ! I've been cheated !
It's a brick ! I can't believe how stupid I was . Damn it !
There was a guy on the sidewalk.He had three new boxes , Panasonic video camera boxes.He said he had to get rid of them quick .
So he said he'd sell me one for twenty dollars . A four-hundred-dollar camera for twenty bucks .
Yes .
I wanted to . But he said , no , the box is still in its plastic wrap from the store.If it's opened , other people won't believe it's new .
Yes , it was the kind of perfect plastic wrap that comes with new products.Look , it even had a bar-code price sticker on it ! It looked brand new .
He said he had to get rid of them . They were stolen .
C'mon , don't blame me ! I thought it was a new camera . We could use it.We were even thinking about buying a camera . I don't understand how he could have such a perfect-looking box .
What do you like to do in your spare time ?
What kind of dance do you like ?
Great . I am not interested in Chinese chess . It is too difficult for me .
OK , I will try . As for stamp , don't you think it is an expensive hobby ?
I like gardening . I take care of them everyday . I like those flowers and the swing in my garden . If the weather is nice , I would like to lie on the lawn .
I've heard of ground-level ozone but can you explain what it is exactly ?
Sorry ? What does VOC stand for ?
So , what damage does ozone do to the environment ?
I heard Tom was caught stealing something again in the supermarket .
But the word is his brother would go bail for him . Last time it ’ s his father who went bail for him .
Do you have the day off today ? How come you're not at work now ?
Are you serious ? Why would they have to go to such extreme measures like a strike ? Doesn't your company have a pretty good corporate image ? I'll bet the folks at headquarters are going nuts over something as serious as a strike ...
Are you going to take the job ?
We ’ re going to the movies . Will you join us ?
Why not ?
Then would you like to have lunch with us ?
Would you like me to give you a lift ?
Come on . It ’ s no trouble at all .
What sports do you think women excel at most ?
I mean which ones are they better at than men ?
That's a good point . Let me change my question . What sports do women like best ?
Are you saying that women can't be generally categorized ?
I am going on my first date tonight . Can you give me some suggestions about what to wear ?
Yeah , that's a good idea . Let me try it .
Do I look more mature in the highheel shoes ?
I shall wear light make-up instead of heavy . The face powder will lighten my skin color .
How's your new car ?
You made a good choice , then ?
No regrets .
I am glad you are happy .
Hey , let's eat out tonight .
No . Just want to relax a little bit . You don't have to win the lottery to relax , do you ?
Come on . It's on me .
Don't be silly . I'll take you anywhere you wanna go .
Do you mind retiring earlier ?
who is your favorite NBA star ?
Kobe ? I know him , the key guy of the Lakers , a heck of a NBA player . He is on fire when he breaks through enemy defense .
Maybe he is not good ay rebounding ?
Kobe came to Beijing during this summer's Olympics . Did you go to the match between China and USA ?
well then , what are your spoils ?
Can I help you ?
Yes , but it's checked out .
It's popular you know . You want to reserve it ?
Fill out this form and we will send you a note when we get the book .
Take the card , and fill in your name and library card number .
What do you like to do with your free time ?
You mean you like to study English ? Why ?
Studying English wouldn't give me any satisfaction.It ' s hard work .
Good news !
The state of economy is starting to go up in our country .
Mary ? Are you still there ?
Did your bid win ?
Hey ! I'm trying to be nice , and you still want to fight ! Did you get the statue or not ?
Do you mind if I sit here ?
What are you studying ?
The final examination will be held at the end of this month . Have you made good preparation ?
Are you sure you can do well this year ?
According to what you did last time , I have my doubts .
He always likes to say something as if all his geese are swans .
Yeah . This is a clever way to be in contact with such a person .
Can we have two tickets for seven thirty ?
In the front , please .
Thank you . And what's on tomorrow ?
Can we get tickets now ?
That radio's pretty loud . Could you turn it down , please ?
Yes . And something else , please don't borrow my clothes without asking .
Does bullfight interest you much ?
So I ’ Ve got two tickets to the latest show but I need a little favor from you .
I'm afraid I spilled coffee on the tablecloth .
I want to apologize . Is there anything can do for you ?
I ’ m glad to have had the opportunity to meet you here .
I ’ m doing great , thank you .
Whoa , look at all those ice cream choices !
I love anything with chocolate the best .
Is there any kind of ice cream you don't like ?
I haven't ever cared for that myself .
That sounds absolutely disgusting !
Hi Colin . How are you feeling today ?
It's probably jet lag .
Do you want to visit any tourist spots in the city ?
Stephanie ! Did you just get to school ? But you were up and about when I left the dorm this morning ! That was about an hour and a half ago . This happens all the time ! Why do you always take so long
Please explain because it makes no sense to me . How can a girl ’ s routine be so complicated ? You get up , you shower , you get dressed , you brush your teeth , you ’ re out the door . Half an hour , tops .
True , I hardly ever see you without your hair done and your makeup on , even when you show up to class in sweatpants . Tell me , how long does it take you to choose that outfit in the morning ?
Did it take you a long time to quit smoking ?
How do you do . I ’ m Mark Rancor .
May I know your name , please ?
Ah , yes . I remember now.Were you Mr . John ’ s dinner partner last month ?
I did but now I ’ m for Microsoft.How are things with you ?
May I know what you do ?
Sure.That would be great.Good luck .
You like Titanic ? That movie is so cheesy .
Really ? Well the special effects might have been good in 1997 , but when you watch it today they make the film seem really cheesy .
Actually , I have to admit that you're right . I like some pretty cheesy movies too . I love Arnold Schwarzenegger action flicks , especially " Terminator . "
I see that there are Olympic mascots in your car .
Me , too . I want to be a volunteer for 2008 Beijing Olympics .
No problem . I'm an ' Olympic expert ' .
The ancient Olympics originated in ancient Greece .
They name it after the place where it was first held .
This question is a piece of cake . A Frenchman named Baron de Coubertin .
Of course he was called ' the father of the Olympics ' .
He once made a speech on the ‘ Renaissance of the Olympics ' .
Can we go to the beach on foot ?
Is the bus station close by ?
I really should be on my way .
No , thank you . I can ’ t .
Thank you very much . I had a really good time .
That would be great ! Actually , can I get your phone number , Ella ? That ’ s assuming you don ’ t mind if I call you sometime .
ok , got it . I ’ ll call you sometime next week .
It ’ s time to go and I hope we can get together again soon .
May , could you bring this note to Professor Li for me today ?
I know . But attending Miss Li's class is just waste of time . No more than one third of her students will go to her class .
Yeah , my boyfriend plays the video game every time in class with me . Or I chat with my friends through text messages .
Right , so we must spare some time to attend selective courses .
What can I do ? I have things to do in Students ' Government .
Sometimes I will try various excuses . But this is my last time asking for leave . Or I will have a bad record .
I have been absented from many classes this semester just because of my work in the Students ' Government .
I am thinking about quitting my job in the student government . But before that , I must do my job . Bye . Don't forget about that note .
Do you know that working overtime in some companies is a regular thing ?
An average ten hours or more a day according to a survey , the worst thing is that the employees get no pay for that .
But these people say nothing about that . They are worried about losing their job because there is surplus in labor force these days .
Can we have two tickets for the 7:30 showing of ' Beautiful Mind ' .
What's on tomorrow at that time ?
Terrific , that's a wonderful movie , I like it very much . Can I get tickets now for tomorrow ?
Two tickets , please .
What would you like to be in the future ?
But if I were you , I would be a singer . You've got such a beautiful voice .
Are you sure about that ?
Didn't Joe feel it a shame to live on his parents since he has graduated from college ?
If I were him , I wouldn't brazen it out by asking my parents for money .
My goodness ! She is thirty seconds faster than the world record in 5000 metres race .
A Chinese girl has broken the world record in the Olympic Games .
You have to . It is sure .
I like small towns .
Not always , and there're also few cars !
Veronica ! Veronica ! Veronica ! Are you OK ?
I will come clean as soon as we get to safety , OK ? For now , you have to trust me , please ! I would never do anything to hurt you .
I haven ’ t been completely honest with you Veronica , I ’ m sorry . I ’ m not a fireman . I ’ m not even from the United States . I ’ m a spy for the Indian government .
When I was a young boy , I used to play cricket my father back in my hometown of Hyderabad . It was a peaceful town , and my father was a renowned chemist . One day , he was approached by members of the CIA , claiming that my father had made the discovery of the millennium in his small lab back at the university where he taught bio-chemistry . I never saw him again . I vowed to discover the whereabouts of my father and consequently joined the Indian Intelligence Bureau .
I ’ m sorry , I wasn ’ t supposed to meet you . I wasn ’ t supposed to fall in love with you , but you have to believe me when I tell you that what I feel for you is real .
Hey , May . How about getting together for a movie tonight ?
Well , Let me check the newspaper . What about The Terminal ?
Well , birds of a feather flock together . I like her too . She was in a lot of dramas .
What's more , she doesn't have scandals . And she likes to take part in the charitable activities .
Steven Spielberg . Another superstar .
Can you introduce the story of The Terminal briefly ?
He's too young for the job .
Happy New Year !
Have you got any plans ?
What musical instrument do you play ?
Then we can have one more program at our party ?
Just make yourself at home .
Wouldn't you like some more chicken ?
Oh you look awful ! What ’ s the matter ?
Oh dear . Maybe you ’ Ve caught a cold .
Well then , you should get some rest this weekend and don ’ t go out drinking .
Hi , Fanny .
Are you feeling OK ? You sound a little tired this morning .
What happened ?
Oh , what a nightmare ! Then what happened ?
You have got a great mother .
That sounds good !
Hey ! That food was terrific . I can't eat another bite . Are you sure you don't want another dish ?
I know what you mean . I'm so full that I can burst . Shall we go then ?
Hey , Maris , are you a part-timer ?
Oh , it ’ s pretty popular among my classmates these days . So are you ?
Cool ! It must be amazing to work at a bar !
That ’ s true . I ’ m wondering did you learn anything from the job ?
You mean you got working experience , right ?
It must be very demanding .
Really ? It sounds interesting .
Did you set your clock forward for daylight savings time ?
Well , at the start of the spring we usually have more daylight in the mornings and less in the afternoon . This is basically due to our position on the planet and the rotation of the earth . In any case , to take better advantage of the daylight available , we compensate by moving our clocks forward one hour .
That just stands for Greenwich Mean Time . Here in California , we are in Pacific Standard Time , that is eight time zones west of Greenwich . Remember when we were in Beijing ? Well , then we were in China Standard Time , and that ’ s eight time zones east of Greenwich !
You wouldn't believe what happened to me today .
Does your girl friend like swimming ?
Then you can help her with the breaststroke and sidestroke .
Really ? Then just ask her to follow me .
Yes . But I still have some difficulties it breathing .
To tell you the truth , I have never thought of being a swimmer . I swim just for fun .
He was once a poor man but now he is a man of means .
what do you think of studying abroad ?
yes , I hope so . I am studying for my BELTS right now .
I'd like to study in the UK , but it's really expensive .
yes , I received a conditional offer from Oxford University a few days ago .
I have to get an BELTS score of 7.5 overall . Do you think I can do that ?
I was also accepted into Yale University , and Sydney University .
I just can't decide where to go . It's not an easy decision to make .
You have drank dozens of cups . You are bound to get a bay window .
Mr . Lin , what are you interested in ?
Really ? I'm not much of an outdoor person . What do you like about it ?
Do you hike or fish on your trips ?
Did you catch anything ?
How about Joining our summer camp next week ?
Hey , Jim . I didn ’ t know you biked to work .
One less car on the road means less pollution .
How far is it ?
That doesn ’ t sound too bad . I wish I could do it , but I work in the city . So I take the train .
True . Well , see you tomorrow .
Did you hear about Neil ?
I hear that he's quitting .
I wonder if I could possibly borrow two bikes from the shop tomorrow ? I ’ ll take actual care of them . I promise you .
Oh , that ’ s all right . It ’ s very kind of you . Can I come around now ?
Yeah . You don't need to rub it in .
Fifteen ? And Zina pushed them up to seventy-five ?
Anyway , I'm still happy I left . I'm working as a freelancer now .
I feel I work harder when I am under pressure .
You spoken English is pretty good . Please tell me your experience in learning English .
What's your method of learning ?
What if there is no chance ? I mean what if you don't have a partner , what will you do ?
I am not convinced by your explanation . Could you explain it ?
I can't accept your excuse . It's five o'clock .
Hello , Tom !
How are you doing ?
I'm just a little tired .
I have a lot of work to do in the company recently .
Pretty fine , thanks .
I am going to buy a new air conditioner for my parents . Oh , it ’ s two o ’ clock . I must go now .
Hi , John . What brings you to town ?
What do you think of the traffic today ?
Yeah . You can say that again . It ’ s noisy too .
Which season do you like best ?
Why ?
Bill , how can you hear so happy today ?
Really ? What was the matter ?
Brain Locker ? No , I don't think so . What does he look like ?
How are you doing today ?
What may I do for you ?
What do you need help with ?
Have you looked in the periodicals ?
I can show you where they are .
Follow me , please .
What do you usually do in your work time ?
Are you usually busy ?
What depends ?
Thanks for inviting me to your friend ’ s wedding . I was surprised to hear the bride and groom talking to each other that way during the marriage ceremony . Is that common ?
Your tradition of throwing rice as they got into their car was interesting , but it didn't look like real rice to me .
Oh , I didn't think of that . Well , this reception reminds me of weddingparties back in China . Plenty of food and drink , music and dancing , and interesting traditions .
She ’ s got quite a crowd around her . Oh , look ! That little girl caught it !
You look run down , Brian .
Well , you wanna take a sick leave ? All you need now is a good , long rest .
You seem to be in the seventh heaven . What's put you on ?
Did she give up her decision to marry Dick ?
Excuse me . Can you tell me how to find some books on social science ?
Yes .
So if I'm looking for a look called A History of Western Society , I'd just look under ' A ' .
What if I don't know the title of the book ?
Could you give me an example ?
Julia , are you free tonight ?
I want to invite you to go to the movies .
Yes .
Where do you want to meet ?
What time should we meet ?
Hello , Catherine . Would you like to go out tomorrow ?
Yeah , I was thinking we could get a bite to eat and catch a movie .
Yes . We can do something else if you like .
Well . What time would you like me to pick you up ?
Good . I will see you then .
Hey , there ’ s Leo . I wonder why he ’ s walking arm in arm with that young woman .
You ’ re pulling my leg ! She must be thirty years younger than Leo . Talk about robbing the cradle !
It must have been love at first sight because I know he didn ’ t have a girlfriend last week .
Do you think maybe it would be better to just talk to Vince ? Explain the situation ?
I don't think so . Your admirer seems kind of sweet . Aren't you even a little curious about him ?
You didn't ring me last night . You said you would .
That's all right . But why were you so rude to me at lunch .
And why are you yarning now ? Are you bored ?
Hi , how is it going ?
That ’ s right . I ’ Ve never really liked it since I got here .
Would you like to go skiing with me ? I heard the new ski area is great . They have safe tracks , especially for the beginners and provide free training . I think it suits you best .
Then you can go to the three-day-long training camp first . There ’ re some professional teachers and they can guide you to do certain necessary exercise .
What's that ?
Is that Hello Kitty ?
Is it real gold ?
what date is it today ?
look at the girls in the street . They all have bunch of flowers.Is it Valentine's Day ?
did you have a fight with Jack ?
come on , dear ! You forgot it , too .
is that your phone ?
wow ! good timing .
come on ! three's a crowd !
We ’ re going to the Dragon Boat Festival tomorrow . Feel like coming along ?
Really ? I think you ’ ll love it .
I must admit I'm not at all interested in math .
Hi , Ellen ! How is it going ?
Yep ! Are you going to the rock concert Friday night ?
Sure . Would you like go with me ?
You ’ ll have to buy your own ticket though .
Wow ! When did you come into so much cash ?
not a single email until now ? it's already twelve o'clock . I can't believe it !
yeah , that's right . If no one sends me test messages , I'll go crazy .
addiction ? checking emails and text messages often can be called an addiction ? no way !
absolutely .
yeah , it's a must . Otherwise , I may miss important phone calls and text messages .
yes . MSN , QQ , Skype , Google Talk , Ali wangwang , everything , so that I'll be in touch with all friends and relatives .
Mark . Where have you been ? I ’ Ve been calling you all morning .
What ? So you blew me off yesterday and today over a stupid video game ? What game is so important that you have no time for me anymore ? What are you playing ?
You ’ Ve been wasting your time on this ? I can ’ t believe it ! It doesn ’ t even look fun or challenging !
Fine !
Why did Tom quit his job ?
What did he say ?
It ’ s too good to be true ! If I were there , I would ask him if he himself was a successful man .
Nice dress . How do I look ? Be honest .
Well , that top is a little too tight , and those jeans aren ’ t dressy enough . And I don ’ t feel comfortable with that . What do you think , Vicky ? You ’ Ve been very quiet up to now .
You had better get a grab instead of getting upset about little things .
Here ’ s a letter for you .
Who ’ s the letter from ?
Read it !
Really ?
I ’ m so happy for you !
I am really proud of you .
Do you think the weather will be good this weekend ?
Oh . That ’ s a pity . I thought that we might go hiking in the hills .
Yes that might be a better idea .
On balance , dress designing appeals to me most .
Say , how would you like to be a dress designer ?
How often do you use the internet ?
Yes . I use it to find products and components at the lowest price for my company . It can be frustrating when the connection is poor .
Yes , I like the job though . Sometimes , I help other people in the office if they ’ re having trouble online .
I think it ’ s fairly useful , but there are two big problems . First , a lot of the information you find online is false . Second , when you buy something online , you don ’ t see it until you actually get it .
Today more and more families have personal computers . People have wider range of choice to communicate with the outside world .
One of the common uses of PC is that people can buy goods through it without going out to the physical stores .
If a customer is interested in some certain goods , he can ask the web company to have the specimen of the goods shown on the color screen , and then the customer can place an order online to the sales company . And then the goods you want will be delivered to your home . The service is perfect and the delivery is free of charge .
Hi , Bob ! How are you doing ?
I'm fine too , thank you .
With the greatest pleasure.Where is the concert this evening ?
What's on the program ?
What a good day !
Right . Let's go out and enjoy the beautiful natural scenery .
Wow , what a beautiful lake ! The green hills and clear water really provide magnificent scenery .
I feel as if I'm living in a different world , honey .
I think we should go out more frequently . The natural scenery can do us good .
My mother and my wife are always holding different ideas .
You mean I should please her by following her suggestion .
Get changed !
what a nice uniform !
not really . I was being sarcastic . Does it come with the job ?
they're not actually that bad . They could be worse . What do you think about it ?
so are you enjoying your new job ?
how do you like working in sales ?
that's good . Have you met Jane yet ? She's the intern in the international travel department .
I know ! She could sell fridges to Eskimos !
she's my cousin .
I don't know . I didn't think it was that interesting .
Isn ’ t this great ? I always wanted to own a farm , live out in the country , grow my own food !
That ’ s fine ! Don ’ t worry about it !
Relax , it was just a goat !
It ’ s just the cows that are grazing over there . We can milk them later .
Honey , seriously , It ’ s just a sheep . Relax !
What do you base our grades on ?
Does the final count the most ?
How do you total our scores ?
What if we are out sick ?
How can we know if we are doing OK during the year ?
I watched a very interesting documentary about plants yesterday evening . It was called unusual plants and looked at several species of plants from around the world which have unusual features .
Well . There was one type of plant that catches insects and eats them .
No , it isn ’ t . it ’ s a pity , because I ’ d like to see it in action .
They showed flowers that only provide their nectar to one type of butterfly or bee . The insect has to be the exact size to get the nectar . Other insects cannot get it . Of course , when the insect molle
That ’ s right . That ’ s one reason why it ’ s so important to protect every species .
According to the documentary , they have an incredible ability to find water supplies , however small , and then store them without losing much through evaporation .
I got the job you recommended me for last week .
I really don't know how I can thank you enough .
Thank you very much indeed.You helped me rebuild my self-confidence .
The Great Wall is a great attraction for visitors .
Someone claimed it was one of the two man-made wonders that could be seen on the moon .
I can ’ t believe it !
Yes , but I bet $ 200 dollars on the Cougars !
I can ’ t believe it ! I thought the Cougars were going to win for sure .
20 to 1 , in favour of the Cougars !
Hey , let's go out and grab a couple of beers tonight !
Nigel , you sure lead a dog's life , what's up with that ?
What do you think of your teacher ?
And I hear he gives very good lectures .
Ernie , I'm really excited about starting this band together . We're going to be the two coolest students on campus .
That's a good question . You know I love hip hop , so maybe we can play some Vanilla Ice songs .
What's taking you so long ?
I need you to hurry up .
I think there's more you need to do .
My hair looks awful .
I just don't like my hair .
I won't be paying you for this .
Honey , why are you so angry ? Can you tell me ?
Why do you say such words ? I love you very much .
Susan , just one last week I went out to have a lunch with her . There is nothing for you to be jealous about . I like your company much better than Janet ’ s .
Honey , you should know that I love you so deeply .
But honey , I think you ’ re terrific . There is nothing ...
what kinds of tv programmes do you enjoy watching ?
I like those kinds of programmes too . They ’ re very informative . I think that many people underrate the education value of tv .
yeah . And that ’ s so funny because most people prefer watching sex and violence to watching something more educational !
in my country , there ’ s a time limit on the advertisements that can be shown . I think it ’ s about six minutes per hour .
no . they don ’ t . they simply charge higher prices at peak times . Is there no limit on the amount of advertisements that can be shown on tv in your country ?
some people have satellite and cable tv in my country , but people don ’ t seem to keen to pay for their tv programmes . Besides , the terrestrial channels offer a good range of programmes .
Bon voyage !
Can you believe me ?
Please count on my love .
I'll be yours through endless time .
Thank you . I know I've nothing to offer you , but I'll never give you reason to cry .
My love will grow , like a river to flow .
I don't know whether we are in a dream .
Hi , Sara , what are you reading ?
Why ?
What for ?
That sounds cool . Do you mind if I recommend myself for the job ?
Yes , of course . But I only freelance on weekends with my uncle .
Please go ahead , I am listening .
Is your back door higher than the ground level ?
Okay , then you need a deck with a guardrail .
Don't worry . I will build your deck with a simple but classic look .
Cedar is a good choice .
Are you tired ?
It's late.It ' s high time I left.Thank you for a most wonderful evening .
Good night then !
I'm going to try sky diving this weekend .
It's sounds like fun .
I want to try something exciting .
I'll tell you all about it next Monday .
Joan is a thorough drag !
She keeps talking when I'm reading .
The results of the poll show Bill Clinton's approval rating has gone up in his second term . Do you find that interesting ?
That is exactly what the poll shows . Although the stating of Clinton as a person has gone down in the last two years of his term , his approval rating is as high as 66 percent .
What courses are you taking ?
What do you think about the teachers ?
That's too bad . Do you have any foreign teachers ?
What is he like ?
Are you able to follow him ?
Oh , that's good ! He sounds like a good teacher .
How do I apply to an American university ?
I was told that it took a lot of time and effort to apply .
What's to come next ?
How long will it take to go over all the procedures ?
Thank you . I appreciate your help .
Good morning . I ’ m from the new york book review . Could I ask you some question about your latest book ?
First , I ’ Ve heard that your latest book is based on a true story .
How do you research your books ?
I really like your books . I ’ Ve just finished this one . I read it from cover to cover in a single day . Congratulation on making the bestseller list yet again !
Oh ! Thank you very much . I heard that you are currently writing a collection of short stories . What are the stories about ?
This is my friend Jenny .
It's Snow .
They're blue .
It's brown .
I like watching comedies , like ' Boat ' . Do you like watching comedies too ?
You like horror movies ? I don't like them because they're too scary ! I like comedies because I love to laugh .
Good morning . Is this where I can get a library card issued to me ?
I'm done .
Sure , here it is .
I am pretty sure how to use it , but can you remind me ?
I see .
When did you and Amanda meet each other ?
So you met her right after you got to school ?
Do you like snakes ?
I mean , do you like snake meat ?
What do you do in your spare time ?
That sounds interesting .
Do you have any hobbies ?
What kind of things do you paint ?
What kinds of sports do you like ?
Hi , Mary , it ’ s been a long time .
Well , I ’ m doing okay . And how about yourself ?
What can I help you with today ?
Do you have your library card ?
Would you like to apply for one right now ?
I ’ m going to need you to fill out the application .
All right , now please sign the back of the card .
That ’ s all there is to it .
How's your time spent in the United States ?
I'm glad to hear that . What impressed you most ?
You mean we Chinese think differently from the Americans ?
That's weird .
You really cared about your friend .
I'm confused . Why did he say that ?
He has so many friends supporting him .
It's time to leave the office for the night . Firstly I log off my computer , then I set the electronic security system .
Now I'll quickly send a short message to my wife and take the elevator down to the basement .
Yes , the car park is under constant video surveillance , so my car is quite safe . Please get in .
There's no need , I have keyless entry , and the steering wheel recognizes my finger prints before starting the car . Now , we can look at the navigation system to find the best route home .
Using GPS I can rely on this to direct me home . Now I just need to find my E-Card to automatically open the gate and we can drive out .
Maybe , but in the meantime why not help me find the remote control for my garage door ?
When I turn off my home alarm , the house will automatically tum on the lights and set the climate to a comfortable level .
Have any plans for the weekend , Tom ?
Oh , do you go hiking often ?
It would be nice to get out of the city . Do you want some company ?
Yeah , I go a lot too . I saw a bear and a mountain lion on my last hike .
Yeah , my friend and I hiked in a very wild part of the national forest .
Miss Wang , would you mind my asking you a personal question ?
Are you married ?
Frankly yes . We like to employ married people . By the way , do you have any children ?
Hello .
What's up ?
I don't know .
No , Lucy . Don't get me wrong . I mean school will be open on Sept . 2nd , and I will have a very tight schedule by then .
That will be fine . When can I see him ?
Make sure you come here before noon . I will be picking up my friend at the airport in the afternoon .
By bus , of course .
Great . By the way , what does your friend do ?
Ok , see you then .
He ’ s got laid off again . I do feel sorry for him .
What do you mean ?
Could you tell me something about the Mid-Autumn Festival ? I find it also very interesting .
So , I understand why people eat moon cakes on that day .
Is it official ?
Good morning , Miss .
Yes , I'd like to know how to use the library . You know , I'm a new student here .
Yes.Here ' s my identification .
Thank you very much . By the way , how many books am I allowed to check out ?
How long can I keep the books ?
I want a book on physics . Could you show me where I can find it ?
I think this one will do .
Why ? What's wrong with it ?
Have you heard that we will have reorganization ?
Yes , flexible , aggressive and creative people are urgently needed in the marketing department .
James is going to be packed off there .
Mrs . Smith , you are always worried about your children .
Happy birthday , Lillian . Here's a little present I bought for you .
Hi Isabel ! You wanted to see me ?
Is everything okay ? You seem a bit preoccupied .
Okay ...
What ? Why ? I mean ... just like that ? I ’ m fired ?
What ! I resent that !
Have you heard about Anlesen David ?
No , they got engaged .
Well , my dear . I didn't believe either . But got it straight form the horse's mouth . David called me this morning .
Last weekend , while they were on the Sik trip .
Next June .
How about going to dance this evening , Jane ? You will find that the night life of this city is very interesting !
Yes , the dance hall is nice with various styles of music .
That's rock and roll with fast tempo .
Take it easy . The time for slow dance is the middle part of the party .
OK , follow me .
May I ?
Tom , you promised to cut the lung . You won't forget , will you ?
And you'll repair the television , won't you ?
Do you promise ?
And Tom , you will help Johnny with his homework , won't you ?
But you'll promise not to be late for dinner tonight , won't you ?
Tom , darling . You'll try not to be late for dinner tonight , won't you ? Please !
How did Jim get the money ?
He must be mad ! Nick is a loan shark .
Too much , Harry . Don't blame her anymore .
I know . But there's no point in making her feel worse , isn't there ?
My goodness ! You ’ re kidding !
That ’ s amazing ! You got a good pay here , didn ’ t you ?
Come on ! Don ’ t be silly !
But Sue is indeed beaut . Men can hardly resist such a knock-out .
I know little of her . I only think she ’ s pretty and intelligent . Of course , she ’ s diligent , too .
I wish I knew who had moved our flower pots .
What did you think you were doing ?
How dare you be so inconsiderate ? That's wrong .
Never do that again .
She is so beautiful , isn't she ?
Julia Roberts .
It's said that her new movie is going to come out .
I'm not sure .
I already told you , because Julia Roberts is in it . I like her because she is not only a great actor but also is very generous to give a lot to many kinds of charities .
I hope the teacher decides to curve our test grades .
She did last time .
Could you tell me how to use the library ?
How many books am I allowed to check out at a time ?
How long can I keep the books ?
I see . Now I want to check out two books on spoken English . Can you show me where I can find them ?
Thank you very much .
How did you do that ?
That new Sony camcorder you've got is just beautiful .
I can see digital video products are quickly going mainstream with their plunging price .
Such as ?
They are very compact and are designed to be used with one hand .
What does this mean ?
I can transfer my home video clips from my camcorder to my computer for editing .
What special effects ?
That's great !
Hi , David ! What are you doing ?
Actually , I'm not good at tennis at all ...
Oh , come on . That's no reason to do something you're not interested in .
How about the Classical Music Club ?
Hey-how about the Cinema Club ?
Either we'll be millionaires , or we won't ... won't have a dime .
The only person who seems confident the software will be done on time is Zina .
So , Monica , what do you feel like doing this afternoon ?
That ’ s too bad . I hate sand storms too . It can be worse than any kind of bad weather .
It is not an easy job . The government is working on it . Lots of trees have been planted in the north of the capital . Also , methods of generating rain are being used by the government to fight against the drought . But of course , it will not work overnight . So , have you come out with a new plan for today ?
May I help you ?
May I do anything else for you ?
I can ’ t let you do that .
Our policy doesn ’ t allow anyone to check out the magazines .
You are only allowed to check out books or videos .
I ’ m sorry , but that ’ s our policy .
I've heard that Tom is going to move .
Yeah , he is going to move next month .
He is going to Canada and to live with his son .
Why did you say that ? It's a good thing for him to live with his son .
Have a nice Thanksgiving !
Are you going anywhere ?
Have you noticed the Mexican restaurant on the other side of this street ?
Yes , someone give me a pamphlet introducing the restaurant and its business hours when I passed by this morning . So , let ’ s have a try . My treat .
Good for you . Today we have more chances to try some new food because there are now many new form restaurants in our city coming from places all over the world .
Steve . Is that you ?
Not much . What a surprise to see you here .
What have you been up to ?
Really ? Where do you work out at ?
What do you mostly do during your workout ?
I should start exercising more .
I have a running machine at home . I used to use it , but I already got sick of it .
If I want to exercise , I will need to join a gym .
That's a good idea . Let's go over the weekend .
Aright . I'll talk to you later .
Anything interesting in this city ?
It's worth the time .
Is there anything wrong ?
Don ’ t worry . That ’ s just a part of being a teenager .
You should encourage her to make up her mind by herself . You shouldn ’ t affect her decision .
Merry Christmas , Lily .
This is your first Christmas in the US . Here is the gift for you .
The teacher should give us more time to complete this assignment .
Good evening . I've come to see Miss Morrison
Oh ! I've just come back from Canada and I've brought a parcel from her parents
But you're busy , aren't you ?
I can leave the parcel with you , can't I ?
Brad , wait !
How come you have a locker but I don't ?
I had to carry my backpack with me all day .
Does it have a lock ?
You didn't tell me she was married !
I got carried away . I made such a fool of myself . They were both laughing at me !
That guy was definitely a Don .
Yeah . If I leave Little Italy alive ...
Who is this on the water buffalo ?
Oh yes , that was the best job in most farm families . That's where many of them learned to play the flute .
That's interesting . Go on !
So he became a self-taught man ?
In what field ?
Is he still in that that type of work .
Would you want to be a senator ?
I am not certain , but I think I might ask to be considered for the new job .
I think that I might like it , but I am still thinking about it .
I think that I would enjoy the position but there isn't a lot of creativity involved .
I am also wondering about the pay .
I am thinking that might be the case .
I was just thinking to call you , then the phone rang and it was you calling me .
Hello , Kevin . I hate to do this , but I have to cancel our appointment .
Yeah , I really wanted to come , too . But something unexpected in shanghai have come up . I have to fly out for a few days , but I'll be back soon .
I should have some free time next week . Say , next Wednesday evening ?
Yeah , I'm expecting to come back on Tuesday .
Look at this , A Brief Introduction of Hollywood .
What ? How much do you know Hollywood ?
You are full of boasts . I can examine you by question and answer . What is Hollywood ? Where is it ? What is the function of it ?
Not bad . What kind of film did it produce from the ready to mid 1930 ' s
Mm . What came after that ?
Pretty good . Please continue .
The western films about America's cowboys , Indians and early settlers .
Since the early 1960 ' s , there are horror movies about people who encounter frightening , unnatural situations , and serious films such as documentarist about events that actually happened , and science fiction movies about possible friture and future worlds . Some people have also enjoyed watching psycho-dramas about the everyday problems that people have .
Hi , Bob . Can I have the book back I lent to you last month ?
Excuse me . May I use the phone first ?
You bet . I was supposed to call my mother an hour ago .
Oh , it's getting late . I've got to run.It was nice talking to you , karren .
I guess we'll see just around .
How good are you at sports , Bill ?
Wow !
Oh , yes . I like to exercise . But I don ’ t watch sports or buy sports magazines . I don ’ t have much time to do those things .
Well , I guess I exercise about two hours a day . I do aerobics three times a week , and the other days I play badminton 1 with my husband . I always feel good afterward .
Well , why don ’ t you try to get some exercise ? It ’ s difficult , but very rewarding .
Alice , your father is amazing . He ’ s 90 years old and he lives alone in that big house .
That sounds like my Grandmother . She was always stubbornly independent .
They see their independence as a kind of character strength .
This little wooden stick is called a tee .
For the first drive , put the golf ball on the tee , and push the tee into the ground .
Pick up a wood and hold it like this , interlocking your fingers .
Position yourself , swinging the club , watch the ball and hit it as hard as you can .
Not too bad . The goal is to get the ball into the hole with as few hits as possible .
Excuse me . Is anyone sitting here ?
You don ’ t mind if I smoke , do you ?
Oh , I ’ m sorry . But this isn ’ t a no-smoker , is it ? I mean would you mind if I smoke here ?
Sign ? What ’ s sign ?
Oh , sorry . I didn ’ t notice it . Sorry .
Are the ceremony and reception held in the same place ?
Where do they go ?
They go to the home of the bride ?
The Chinese custom is to go to the groom's home-just the opposite .
That's very expensive for the family of the bride .
Tell me something about the bridal bouquet . Isn't it the custom to throw it ?
Guess what I just heard ?
The boss is planning to sell the company .
And the cover is great ! The colors are brilliant !
OK , you got me . So , do you have a subscription ?
So what do you do with all the out-dated issues ?
I've moved .
We're going out to dinner and then to the movies .
Don't worry . I've got money . It's my treat .
Hi , Kenji .
I'm OK . How are you doing ?
Do you mean The Bangkok ?
Sure , I'd love to .
Any time after 6 o'clock is good for me.Oh ! I'm late ! I have a class .
Mr . Lee , I was wondering if you and your wife had plans for next Friday night ?
I've mailed a formal written invitation to your home inviting you to a dinner party at my home .
Actually , we thought it would be fun to have a formal sit-down dinner for the holidays .
Yes , we've invited four other couples , so it should be a good mix of people .
Oh yes , everyone we are inviting is from our company .
Do you know who that tall man is ?
Why ?
You are blue in the face , arn't you ?
But supposing your son killed like the fish , what do you think then ?
Did you go to see Michael last night ?
Did he let you ride it ?
Weren ’ t you frightened ?
Would you like to buy a motorcycle yourself ?
But why ? Since you like it so much .
I passed history test .
And then you ’ re old man won ’ t be beaten this time .
Mr.Ben , What do you think of the book ?
Why ?
How do I buy my textbooks ?
Yes , I have my list .
Yes , I know where the bookstore is .
No , I didn't know I could do that .
Yes , I am going today .
Yes , thank you . That would be great .
Is there anything wrong with your food this evening , Miss ?
Sorry , Miss . I'll place it immediately , can I get you another drink , or you wait ?
I'm sorry , Miss , but I'm afraid we can't do that . You'll order something else instead . I'd love to suggest the steak , it's the special today , and quite tasty .
Bill . Bill ! You gotta help me !
Tomorrow is Christmas and I haven ’ t bought my mom anything ! I ’ m such a bad son !
That ’ s just it ! I don ’ t know what to get her ! Last year I got her a ring that was two sizes too big and a pair of shoes five sizes too small ! I suck at getting presents for people .
Yeah , you ’ re right . When it comes down to it , I can be pretty tacky .
Do you do morning exercises ?
Shadow-boxing ? How interesting ! Do you think it really helpful for your health ?
He loves that blonde girl .
Did she accept it ?
Would you recommend some places for sightseeing ?
Is it worth seeing ?
I just got a telegram from Margaret and Greg .
Yes . They ’ re coming the beginning of August .
I ’ m glad they ’ re coming in August . Maybe Greg and I can play some golf or get tickets to a baseball game .
Remember the garden party they gave when we were in England ?
Did you punch in ?
Really ? It took me really a while to find the color . I am happy you like it .
I like the kid . He's so lovely .
John seems to be in high cotton . He may well become a big shot .
What is your idea ?
Hey . Owen ! Have you gone on your family vacation yet ?
Didn't you bring his favorite toy ?
Where did you go ? You've got a beautiful tan .
You must have had a great time . Most children love to play in the sand on the beach and go swimming .
His friends will be very happy to get the little souvenir .
This is going to surprise you , but I'm happy . I think you're making the right move .
Look , maybe I shouldn't tell you this , but I'v going over to WebTracker , too .
Actually , I'm already working for WebTracker . Vince never wanted to give me what I was worth , so I figured , what the heck .
Life's so boring .
What do you think will make you happy ?
You heard people say that money doesn't guarantee happiness .
You'll get bored eventually .
That's true , I guess . If I didn't have to work , I think I would be happy .
Have you signed up to join the company ’ s Christmas party ?
I will . You know , as a newcomer , I think it might be a good opportunity to get to know people from the other departments of our company in a more relaxed atmosphere .
I hope that it is not a formal one when the boss is there .
My father ’ s angry face always makes my blood run cold .
I have never you mention this friend . Are you on very good terms with him or her ?
You must be stuck on her , or you would not use your elbow grease .
Crossed cousin marriage is not allowed in China .
You know why ?
Hello , Susan , it ’ s me , An .
I am fine . I am going swimming this afternoon . Are you coming with me ?
Maybe I can meet you at the club and we can play tennis together .
Do you have girlfriend ?
Well , I came to know a girl three weeks ago . We have so much in common .
So I think I may fall in love with her .
Then what's the difference between having a crush and falling in real love ?
That's what I do .
Yes .
That's it . She likes dogs so much now , and I begin to love dogs .
Thanks , but I know falling in love is one thing while staying in love is another .
What book is that ?
Canada , China , and the USA are huge too .
Those small countries are microscopic compared to Russia . European countries are relatively small . France looks quite big in Europe , but compared to many countries in other continents , it ’ s not very large at all .
So Peter , do you have a favorite comedy ?
You know what comedy I really like ? " Ace Ventura , Pet Detective . " I think Jim Carry is really funny .
How about a movie tonight ?
Does 7 o'clock suit you ?
How about a snack after work ?
Would you rather stay home ?
Are you really interested in doing something ?
I'm going shopping .
No . I need to borrow $ 50 .
Do you have any siblings ?
How do you get along with them ?
What do you think of the test ?
It wasn't too bad . Were you nervous ?
Oh , I wouldn't worry about it .
No , I wouldn't worry about you .
I think that the company retreat should be in the mountains this year .
January would be a good month for a mountain retreat .
You know , now that I think about it , you might be right .
That is a good suggestion .
Yeah , that would let us know what would work best .
I think he won't remember White Day .
Uh-huh . How about you ?
You ’ ll never guess what ! My friends Julie and Alex are getting married !
I know ! Anyways I just talked to Alex ’ s best man and he is organizing the bachelor party It ’ s gonna be so much fun ! All the groomsmen are thinking up all the wacky and crazy things we are going to do that night .
Aw come on ! It ’ s just some innocent fun ! You know how these things are ! We are gonna play drinking games , get him some gag gifts and just have a good time . Nothing too over the top .
Come on ! If one of your friends was getting married I wouldn ’ t mind you going to her bachelorette party !
Hi , what ’ re you reading ?
No , not that one . But I saw the movie . Could I borrow it when you finished ?
Our son is gone and my heart is gone too . I don ’ t know how to spend the rest of my years .
I feel life is meaningless without him .
Hey , guys ! Did you see that sign ?
There's a garage sale around the corner .
What ? Cars ? Are you serious ?
It's amazing to me how international business has become . Take my store for example . On any given day , you will find imported items from more than 20 different countries on our shelves .
China provides the bulk of our product inventory , for sure . We import more than 40 different items from China . Most of the imports that come out of China are low-grade plastics or toys . Japan produces many electronic exports , Germany produces excellent mechanical exports .
We still have one more day to go before we return home . What will we see tomorrow ?
What about a factory tour ?
Yes . I heard there's a lager motor company nearby which is open to the public every weekend . We can go to see how a car is manufactured and learn more about the automobile industry .
I'm not sure , but as far as I know , most factory tours are free . They are sponsored by the company providing the tour .
I believe most of them think it as good public relations . They can promote their product and make their company better-known .
Exactly .
Here , Let me get the door for you .
Do you need a hand with that ?
Are you still on your summer vacation ?
When will school start ?
I just had a terrible week .
I fell down and hurt my arm .
Then my son drove into a tree .
The dog bit the delivery boy .
And a storm blew our roof away .
Good evening , Mr . Wu .
Have you met my wife , Mary ?
Mary , this is Mr . Wu , my new Chinese friend .
How do you do ?
This is my house.Let me show you around it .
Follow me to the back-yard .
We had the grass cut and the flowers trimmed this morning .
Here is the swimming pool and we can swim later .
You mean it shuts off to save energy ?
It's not breathing !
Jen , it's not alive ... but it does look user-friendly .
Are you studying here ?
What are you majoring in ?
What do you think of the literature course ?
Some people are easily flimflammed .
They are blind with bucks . Blind people are more easily conned , fo course .
Okay , let's begin . Hello , everyone . My name's Karl Roberts , and I'll be your teacher for this class , Intercultural Communication .
Uh , to begin with , please take a look at the syllabus in front of you . As you all should know by now , this class meets on Tuesdays and Thursdays from 3:15 to 4:50 .
Again , as you see on your course outline , grading is determined by your performance on a midterm and a final test , periodic quizzes , and classroom participation .
I heard that Janet has got a new job . She ’ s working for the united investment group . I heard that they pay very well .
Now , she ’ ll be able to save up for that holiday in the united states .
You ’ re right . By the way , did you hear that Tom inherited some money recently ?
They did . He inherited the money from an uncle . I hope he doesn ’ t lose a lot of it in taxed to the government .
He said that he would probably invest most of it . He ’ s got a well-paid job , so he doesn ’ t need the money to cover day-to day expenses . He just wants some extra money available for when he retires .
Really ? Have you won a fortune in the lottery ?
Julia , I saw two men fighting beside our door this morning .
Brothers ? Do you know why they quarreled ?
Is there anybody acting as mediator in the dispute ?
I think I'm going to go home .
I know , but it's 12
Three or four o'clock ?
I never stay out that late . That's too late .
Were you so wild when you were still in Taipei , Sharon ?
What is that they're doing on the couch ?
Pot ? Isn't that marijuana ?
But , Sharon , that's illegal ! The police could come , and we could go to jail .
Really ?
I didn't know you had such wild friends . Do you smoke marijuana too ?
I don't want to .
I don't know if I can drink more . I already had two drinks .
I thought a university was for studying .
Hi , Michael , how's it going ?
I heard you got a new roommate . What's he like ?
Oh ? What's wrong with his girlfriend ?
Well , I guess it might take some time to get used to .
Oh come on , it's not that bad .
Rough . Maybe you can do the most of the talking .
Hey . Why did you take that money ? You are such a cheater ! I should send you to jail !
Well you can ’ t just take the money . You have to ask the bank for money . And I ’ m the banker .
Yes ...
Hello , is that Cathy speaking ?
Yes , how are you doing ?
Say I've got two tickets for the concert this evening.Would you like to come with me ?
Then I ' ll pick you up at six thirty.OK ?
David , do you think which team will get the champion tonight ?
I am so nervous now . What a terrific game !
It's hard to say , because each team has my idols .
I will never forget this match . The angle is so terrible and so correct .
There are lots of new teachers in our class this semester .
To be honest , I like all of them , except for the math teacher . Though he must be quite young , he seems like an old person . He's so boring .
It might be the English teacher . What about you ?
She is a pretty good teacher ! With her help I think I can make great progress in English .
I think it's a good way to develop our language ability .
Don't cover up your sadness . Let it go .
It isn't your fault . No one will blame you .
Can you recommend a resort to me ?
Have you ever been there ?
What is especially impressive ?
Is there a waterfall ?
What an attractive place ! How can I get there ?
Bobby ! Come here , look what I got you !
A chess board ! Daddy is going to teach you how to play !
Ok , each player gets 16 pieces . You can be the white ones and I ’ ll play with the black pieces . Now in the front , you set up the pawns . Those are the least valuable pieces and can only move one space forward . When you are about to capture another piece , it can move one space diagonally .
See this one that looks like a tower ? It ’ s called the rook . The one with the tall hat is called the bishop . See this little horsey ? This is called the knight , it ’ s a very important piece so it ’ s best to not let your opponent capture it .
That ’ s right ! That ’ s the queen and that ’ s the king . If the other player captures your king , he will say Check Mate and the game is over ! Doesn ’ t this sound fun ?
Hello , Elitherbeth How are you ?
Are you sure you ’ re alright . You look a bit worry today ? Is anything wrong ?
of course if I can .
Oh dear . That ’ s terrible . What was in your wallet ?
Well , If I were you , I would go to the police station straight away and calling .
Oh dear . What a pity . Are you sure you lost your wallet in theatre ?
I think you should put an advertisement in china daily . Things where you lasted .
Well , it's too bad that we like different kinds of movies . Maybe we're just different kinds of people .
What's that ?
You mean ... like on a second date ?
Oh , it's getting late . I've got to run . It was nice talking to you , karren .
I guess we'll see each other around .
Jared , I just heard about your father . How is he doing ?
I'm so sorry to hear that . But this is a good hospital . I'm sure they will do whatever they can .
You must feel really worried right now . But you know your dad is a fighter .
Where is she right now ?
Hey , I'll go with you .
It's really no problem .
All right . But these are black and I don ’ t like black shoes . They ’ re dull .
Then why are you wearing black shoes ?
I'm really sorry , Bob . I accidentally damaged your bike .
Tell me about your brother and sister , Sue .
Really ? Does she live here in Seattle ?
Wow ! ! And what does your brother do ?
What do you do now ?
Why ?
I'm sorry to hear that .
What's your plan now ?
Best wishes for you .
Your face is so red , you must running a temperature .
Please go to see a doctor .
He got the scholarship to Harvard .
It's true . He is a hard worker .
What happened to you yesterday ?
Oh I see . So that ’ s why you didn ’ t come in ?
Oh dear , that sounds terrible .
Hey , David . Would you like some drinks ?
Good idea . I like hanging out in bars at night .
For killing time and making new friends .
Calm down ! My little guy ! You'll get used to that after you come here several times .
What ?
nothing .
Yes , I am .
I don ’ t actually know him .
I only know him through the ... you are not gonna believe this .
Yes .
Happy Birthday ! This is for you , Kate !
You know in China we usually don't open presents until the guests leave .
This place is so quiet and peaceful . It ’ s really different from my pad at city .
I don ’ t know . I don ’ t mind coming out here for a while , but that will get old pretty soon .
I think I ’ d go lonely if I do like that .
Now that would be hard to live without . We city folks are pretty spoiled .
I don't stand a chance of passing the exam .
Have you ever been to Britain ?
Really ? How often do you go there ?
Do you always go on business or do you sometimes go for a holiday ?
I plan to emigrate to Canada .
No . But it is said the welfare in Canada is very good .
Mary , would you like to get something to eat with me ?
At 10 o'clock .
No , at night .
OK , how about 1:30 PM ?
How about 5:00 PM ?
OK , see you then .
Have you been to Shanghai before ?
That sounds great . Have you been to the top of the Pearl Tower ?
So you haven ’ t done much then , in Shanghai ?
Are you enjoying your trip to New Orleans ?
Would you like to do something tonight ?
Let's see . Have you been to a jazz club yet ?
OK . What about an evening riverboat tour ?
So , what do you want to do ?
Oh , OK . I hear there's a terrific show at the Sanger Theater .
what sort of music do you like ?
so , you're into 80s music then ?
I like alternative music .
to be honest , no . I'm always in search of new music to listen to .
I usually go to see a live band about twice a month . What about you ?
there's an open mic night at the pub down the road every Thursday night where my favorite local band usually plays . You should come along next week with me .
that's too bad . Maybe another time .
I'll let you know . Did you want to watch some TV ?
there's a reality TV show about a group of people who are trying to lose weight .
I want to try something different today .
I want a different hair style .
Can you make my hair short ?
Make it a few inches long .
I've been thinking about this for a while now .
I honestly want my hair that short .
Would you please tell me something about the agriculture and industry of New Zealand ?
I see .
How are you , Sue ?
Congratulations on your success .
And how ’ s your brother ?
He ’ s going to be sent to Britain to study , really ?
Fantastic ! Please send him my congratulations .
How long have you been in Taiwan ?
So , where did you grow up ?
I am not sure , where exactly is it ?
What are you doing ?
Come on ! Stop being so vain . You look great ! You are beautiful !
I don ’ t see any wrinkles or sagging skin ! You are stop beings ridiculous . Besides , I think that people who get Boto , have facelifts , or tummy tucks look weird.It doesn ’ t look natural .
I think you need to get brain surgery . I honestly don ’ t think you need cosmetic surgery.You look amazing .
You don ’ t need plastic surgery to do that . You are fine the way you are and you have guys drooling all over you ! Plus , plastic surgery hurts !
What time is it by your watch ?
It's 2:42 by my watch . But it moves a bit fast .
So how much should I gamble ?
Okay . One-hundred then . Do you think I will lose it ?
I want games that are all luck .
Slot machines ? No , I don't want that ! That's too boring . I want a game with cards or dice .
Blackjack.We can play blackjack . And I will gamble one-hundred , or maybe two-hundred dollars .
Oh , don't be so strict ! We are in Las Vegas .
I just won the lottery .
I didn't expect to see you at this hour . You must have goofed off again .
You'll be sorry if you the boss finds it out . He may probably give you the bag .
Professor , I've handed in my paper . Did you read it ?
What about water pollution instead of pollution ?
Look , it's all water over the dam now . Let's leave it behind us .
Our eyes should look into the future . We could not live in the past .
Many people say it's a good story.But I think it's boring !
How good are you at sports , Bill ?
Wow !
Oh , yes . I like to exercise . But I don ’ t watch sports or buy sports magazines . I don ’ t have much time to do those things .
Well , I guess I exercise about two hours a day . I do aerobics three times a week , and the other days I play badminton with my husband . I always feel good afterward .
Well , why don ’ t you try to get some exercise ? It ’ s difficult , but very rewarding .
I had broken up with him , how painful I feel . I ’ m going to drown my sorrows .
My brother started investing money when he was 16 years old .
What can I do for you ?
The machine is over there .
Yes , you will have to pay to use it .
It costs ten cents a copy .
You can copy as much as you ’ d like .
The instructions for the copier are posted on it .
Mom , happy Mother's Day ! A necklace for you .
Thank you for your love and care over the years . I love you so much .
How about a dinner tonight ? My treat .
What do you know about Julia Roberts ?
I mean her personality .
How's the weather today ?
I really don't think this weather will last .
Nice day today , isn't it ?
We can't complain about the weather recently .
I wonder how long this weather can last .
Excuse me . Do you study Chinese at the university here ?
It takes a long time to learn Chinese writing .
Yes , I am . I am from Taiwan . I came here to study political science .
I like it so far . But my English still needs work .
Does the Chinese department here teach regular characters or simplified characters ?
I see . I'm from Taiwan , so I know regular characters better than simplified .
Yes , that's true . Especially my writing . I think my papers aren't good enough . I make too many grammatical mistakes .
You mean you and I ?
That sounds like a good idea . How often would you like to do it ?
How would we manage it though ? How would we spend the 90 minutes ?
Would I help you with writing ?
I think it sounds like a good system . But when is it convenient to meet ?
Me too . In fact , I'm free until 1
It sounds good . I will bring the papers I'm working on .
Let me give you my phone number .
could we possibly discuss my salary some time ?
first of all , I want you to know that I really like working for this company . Do you think I'm doing a good job here ?
I try very hard . The problem is , my salary just isn't enough to live on . Now that I have a wife and a child to support , we hardly have enough money for food and rent .
I could really use a 5 % rise .
listen , if you give me a raise , I'll take on extra responsibilities .
that's fine . Do I get over-time for any extra hours that I work ?
that sounds good to me . I really appreciate it .
Your knowledge of English is really surprising .
No , seriously . I'm impressed .
Are you watching the soccer match tonight ? It must be the most exciting one in this season .
Manchester United . What about you ?
Where are you going to spend your holidays this year , Tom ?
Will you travel by sea or by air ?
David , I ’ m going to China .
You know . I took part in the Chinese contest . I was the best and they gave me this reward . I don ’ t have to pay for my trip .
Thank you . I ’ m leaving tomorrow morning .
I ’ m sure I will .
Your search on this project has been excellent .
The final report is exceptionally thorough and well done . I think that you have been come up with some interesting recommendations for the client .
I'm exhausted . My new exercise is so hard .
You thing so ?
Tomorrow morning.Try it .
Are you going to this class this morning ?
You're no able to move after this class .
You want to bet ?
Happy Birthday , Mary !
Here is a gift for you . I hope you like it .
I had my own ways of finding out.It ' s a secret . You look so beautiful today . Your new shirt goes well with your skirt .
Really ? It looks so nice .
All right .
No , thanks . I've had enough.Now , Mary , before you blow out the birthday candles , you have to make a wish.After that , you may cut the cake .
No , just a small one.Next Let's sing " Happy Birthday " to Mary .
Does anyone mind me turning on the air conditioning ? It's hot in here .
All right . I'm opening the window , though , is that OK ?
More and more women don ’ t want to stay at home and keep house now .
Now , many people think that women ’ s liberation is a kind of civilization , but children are getting less love from their mother because of that . What is your opinion ?
Thank you so much for coming tonight . Everybody really enjoyed your performance .
Here's the check . I included a little extra for you .
Graham , why are you always on the phone with Jane ?
The other night when you came home there was lipstick on your right cheek . How do you explain that ?
Are you sure ?
Okay , I'm sorry . I believe you .
Because you are the most handsome boy at the university and I love you so much ! I guess I just go crazy sometimes . That's all .
Why ?
What are you doing this weekend ?
So you ’ re free on Saturday night ?
Would you like to have dinner with me ?
And so , that concludes my outline for our marketing strategy next year . Thank you very much for your time .
Aw , come on , it was nothing . I'm just doing my job .
Well , Kristin did give me a hand with the slides.She ' s a real wiz on PowerPoint .
Yeah , well , that was some good advice . You made some really good points .
What are you listening now , Fred ?
Hey ! Man , put your earphone out . I said which song you are listening to .
What's your comment on his new album ?
Let me enjoy it .
Are you sure that this is the place to wait for our school bus ?
But it doesn't look like a real bus stop .
How much is it going to cost ?
Is that yellow bus it ?
How is Jim recently ?
She lives a happy life after marriage .
Excuse me , are you American ?
Do you speak English ?
How long have you been here ?
What do you do for work ?
Excuse me , I bought this sweater yesterday . But when I got home and tried it on , I found it ’ s too small .
Yes , here you are .
No , can I exchange it for a bigger one ?
Oh , that's too bad .
Did you enjoy that new movie ?
Oh , what happened , Carole ?
What ? I met him just before I took off from Kitty's , he said he was coming .
Looks like it . So how did he handle it to ?
I think that's a bunch of nonsense . It seemed ok to me .
Doesn't sound promising .
If you want I'll let him know if I run into him .
Hi , it is a pleasant surprise !
Couldn ’ t be better . And you ?
How do you celebrate Thanksgiving in the US ?
Do you say prayers before dinner ?
What is the biggest fun for you on Thanksgiving ?
You seem really ticked off . What's up ?
Chill out ! What's eating you , anyway ?
Well , now you're really going to freak out when I tell you who aced it ... what's-her-face ... the one who always kisses up to the teacher .
She's the teacher's pet , that's why . Besides , he's so laid back he lets her get away with it . She just really rubs me the wrong way . And you know what ? I think she's got the hots for him , too .
I'm dead serious . Yesterday , before class starts , she walks up to Mr - Edward's desk and goes , ‘ Good morning , Jim . ’
Is the Chinese team taking the lead ?
Japanese teams always play a dark horse .
You are quite busy every day .
So you have to work all day .
I see you sometimes work on weekends , too .
Hi Mary , how's it going ?
terrible . It must be something serious . You two are such close friends .
really ? What happened ?
that's pretty harsh .
you know she probably feels just as bad .
well , in that case I guess maybe you can be more understanding . You shouldn't let a trivial thing like this stand in the way of your friendship . After all you can go to the beach anytime you want .
Henry , I want to ask you something .
You see . The wage is not paid yet , I am wondering if you could possibly lend me some money .
OK , Devon , I've been putting on a few pounds and you're quite a lean fit guy .
What do you recommend ? What can I do to lose weight ?
Yeah , well , actually , one of the problems is that I actually exercise a lot .
Yeah , so maybe it's my diet .
I don't think the manager will get mad at you for being late .
I hear you are moving to Dalian .
Well , we'll certainly miss you here .
Let's keep in touch .
Nice weather , honey !
May and Daniel often like this kind of weather .
Honey , how about taking them to the beach this weekend ?
Since last time we've climbed the mountain , we haven't gone out for a long time .
Yes , I remember last year this time , the weather is so hot .
Daniel loves the beach very much !
Have you met John recently ?
Yes , he has been like that since his accident .
What are you doing tonight ?
Don't you hate fighting the crowds on the weekends ?
What store do you shop at ?
I have been using the store across town for years .
They do , but they're a little expensive on certain items .
I'm happy to see you again .
We should do this more often .
What will happen to the children if you break up ?
Why don't you make up with John .
What upsets you ?
It is not your mother finding one for you ?
Perhaps you can try the three minutes date , the latest type .
No , there is an updated version , three minutes video date . I know an online dating website providing such service with a microphone and webcam , you can sigh for it . You can be face-to-face with a guy talking for maximum three minutes .
I think you can find out if there is a possibility of romance within the first second of meeting someone , so-called love at first sight .
Don ’ t worry . There are many other options using the internet as dating methods . Some sites operate at international standard even have got certifications .
Hi , dear , I've got your voice at last .
Are you OK today ?
So do I . You are a beautiful flower in my mind .
Did you watch the movie program on Channel 6 last night ?
I wonder why TV programs often show much violence .
They are especially harmful to teenagers .
I hate to see the abuse of animals .
Hi ! Bob , are you having problems with that ?
It's easy , let me help you .
Good morning , Mr.Jones !
Nice to see you again .
How is everything ?
Quite well , thank you .
No , I was driven by my husband .
Yes , thanks .
What should we do this Saturday ?
Yeah , but I don't know if it is going to be any good .
True . Ok . Let's see it this Saturday .
It's almost Christmas . What are you doing this weekend ?
Well , I still haven't finished my Christmas shopping . Do you want to go shopping with me this weekend ?
Friday's not good . I think the stores will be very crowded and I have to work .
Yeah , that's fine .
233-331-8828 . Let me give you my email address too . It's Tom861@gmail.com
Can I borrow these magazines ?
Are we allowed to go into the stacks to look for books ?
I never watch foreign films . They're too boring .
Hey , it is ! A lot of people like that movie !
Face it , you don't like action movies because you're a snob .
This is tough to say , John , but I think we should break up .
Yes , I mean it .
No , we are just too different . This relationship isn't going anywhere .
I have thought about it for a long time . I think it's time to move on for both of us .
I'm sorry .
Then why didn't you talk to me ?
I don't want to argue with you anymore . This is going to be tough , but let's try to forget that and be friends .
I think we'll be better off if we are apart .
Hi , charlie , are you busy this evening ?
What are you doing ?
How old is he today ?
Well , wish him a happy birthday for me .
I was just thinking of going to a movie tonight .
Sorry , I've got people coming over tomorrow night .
Sounds that way . Maybe some other time then ?
Yeah , me , too . It's about time I made a move .
Likewise . See you later .
I was wondering if you could help me to get a library card .
I'm finished .
OK , the form is all filled out .
No , I have no idea what they are .
Yes , right .
What did the boss say to you ?
Yeah . You look so unhappy recently . What ’ s the matter .
Hey Joanne . What are you up to ?
I'm so bored . I don't know what I'm going to do today and it is only ten in the morning .
I don't think we are boring . It's just that we don't have any hobbies .
That all depends on what you like to do . For example , I like to doodle on the notepad , so I'm thinking about doing some real drawings .
Yeah . That can be a good hobby .
Jack , what's wrong ?
What are you talking about ? What did I do ?
No ... that's not what I meant . I didn't mean that . She asked me where you were and I jokingly said that you were on a date with Sara . I thought Martha knew that you and Sara were just friends .
I'm sorry man . I didn't know . I didn't mean to screw anything up .
Look . I really didn't mean to , and next time I see Martha , I'll really tell her that you and Sara are really just friends .
Shall we for go out for a meal this evening ?
We can go to that new Chinese restaurant .
Come on , let ’ s try it .
Mr.Martin , we're on arrival .
We'll miss you . I hope we'll keep in touch .
It's my pleasure . We hope you'll visit Beijing again .
It's almost time to get aboard .
People say that you never have a real winter in the South China , but I don't think so .
I did experience a winter with snow in Kunming , the Spring City .
Can you tell me where I can park ?
I drive an automobile .
Yes , I have seen those spots .
I park in the evenings .
Yes , I have seen those signs .
Yes , I know what the curb colors mean .
How long have you been in America ?
Do you think it's easy for a Chinese to get accustomed to the western culture ?
There are things that are actually even smaller than atoms .
They are the things that make up the atom , such as electrons and protons .
Of course there is . Things can be divided and broken down into indefinitely small parts if we can .
Guess what I've brought for you .
I hope you like it .
Who is it ?
Wait a sec .
We're watching a football match . What's the matter ?
I'm sorry about this .
So Kevin , what is your type ?
I agree . I like guys that can make me laugh .
Are you free tonight ?
I can ’ t decide what to do today .
Don ’ t you think it ’ s a bit cold for that ?
Car trouble center . How may I help you ?
Hold on , before you kick your car let ’ s go through some possible problems .
OK , first of all , can you turn the key in the ignition ?
Those are possible problems , but tell me , when you turn the key , do you hear the starter motor crank ?
No . If you step on the accelerator pedal you can flood the carburetor and your car will never start .
I know this may seem like a silly question , but does your car have gasoline ?
I quit my job .
Do you have a copy of today ’ s newspaper ? I want to check the results from the world athletics championship .
Yes , we won the men ’ s 110 metres hurdles . I watched that on TV . What other events did we win ?
That ’ s great . Those athletes must train for years to get into peak physical condition . They must be terribly disappointed if they don ’ t win .
That ’ s amazing ! Were any other records broken ?
Did you see the final of the men ’ s 100 metres ? It was very exciting . One competitor made two false starts .
Hi , Ellen . That outfit looks terrific !
No , we just don ’ t usually admit it !
Hey , Mike . Can I ask you something ?
I'm going to gamble on the world cup tonight . Who do you think will win ?
My husband is betting on France .
What do you mean ?
Is there something wrong ? You look so sad .
No wonder you look so upset . Have you called the police ?
How are you feeling , John ?
Do more exercises after you are healthy .
Are you hungry ? Do you want me to buy something for you to eat ?
did you go to university ?
when did you graduate ?
I just graduated from high school .
I'd like to get a BA , but I don't know where I should go .
yes , I've applied to four universities and have been accepted into all of them .
the tuition is the same for all of them .
I think the course at Leeds University is interesting , but I think the one at Manchester University would be more practical .
I'd really like to be in London , but it's the most expensive city in England to live in , so I don't know if I can afford to live there .
not yet .
that's a good idea .
Excuse me , could you spare me a few minutes ?
Do you know if train 10 is on time to be here ?
Do you mind if I read your newspaper for a while ?
Would you like a cup of coffee ?
Oh , no .
This machine is out of order .
I sure did .
You seem to like her very much , don't you ?
But I heard that she had a three-year-old girl .
There are so many environment problems in the world today . Do you think we can really solve them all or will destroy the world ?
We need to solve the problem of air pollution before we destroy the atmosphere . There ’ s lots of clean , modern technology , but companies in developed countries say it ’ s expensive . Developing countries
In other parts of the world , especially in Africa , there is a problem with desertification . Climate change and over-farming are causing farmland to turn into desert . In means that people cannot grow e
Have you ever thought about joining an organization committed to protecting the environment ? You could get involved with projects to improve the environment .
Going to the cafeteria ?
That ’ s fine with me . I don ’ t hate vegetables and I don ’ t eat much during lunch .
How old are you ?
I've brought a little dog for Alice , girls usually like looking after pets .
To tell you the truth , the dog isn't my real reason for coming . I want to ask Alice if she'd like to be my girlfriend .
hi , I'm Lucas , I just moved in next door .
nice to meet you too .
thanks . Some tea would be nice . Chinese tea is great . I really like your tea set . Where did you get it ?
oh yeah , I saw the tea house the other day . I think I might go and have a look sometime . It's a nice neighborhood here .
there's a gym nearby ? That's exciting ! I really want to start to go to gym as soon as possible . I've been lazy this summer holiday and have put on some weight .
I am totally fed up with my boss . He has crossed the line one too many times with his sexist comments . This time I am really going to report him for sexual harassment .
He constantly lets inappropriate things slip out , referring to the women employees as girls or calling us sweetheart or darling . I doubt any of my male colleagues would stand for such treatment .
You ’ re missing the point . It ’ s about respect . He treats us with such a patronizing attitude , as if we are not equal or not as serious as our male co-workers . It ’ s his attitude that needs to be changed , not just his words .
Is your lady beautiful ? Since I came here from the country , I've not seen her close . Tell me , is she beautiful ?
And , her lips ?
And her voice like a lark's song ?
Oh , she sings too ?
Would you like to have dinner with me tonight ?
You are really career minded .
It's going to strike 12 o'clock . Let's get the firecrackers ready , Rose .
Well yes , but they are not allowed only in downtown areas . It's OK here . It would be difficult to ban customs that have thousands of years of tradition . The habit does bring kids joy and excitement so long as precautions are taken . Let's go out and set off firecrackers out there .
What other activities will you have tomorrow ?
Do you bring some gifts along ?
Is it the same practice for all families ?
I really appreciate the way you Chinese people exchange feelings . The holiday's long enough for you to relax .
You seem to be very hesitant about doing things .
You are meeting trouble halfway , I guess .
How's your new apartment ?
What's wrong ?
Does it make a lot of noise ?
Dad , I ’ d like to borrow some money .
Come on , Dad , I need thirty thousand . I wanna get into the market . You know , I ’ m tired of hearing all this news about the economic downturn , the inevitable recession , people stuffing their money in their mattresses . I look at this as an opportunity . This is a chance for me to get a jump start on building my nest egg .
But look at it this way , every challenge is an opportunity . And anyway , I ’ m not talking about investing in the domestic market . There are emerging markets that promise great returns . Look at China , for example , they have 1.4 billion people , half a billion of whom have recently entered the middle class . Here alone the aggregate demand for consumer goods represents an amazing wealth generating opportunity .
What do you think of smoking ?
What in your opinion can be done to stop smoking ?
But that ’ ll affect the national economy .
How about printing a warning on each cigarette packet ?
do you like playing games ?
how about individual games like the Rubik's cube or solitaire ?
if I taught you how to do it , I'm sure you could solve it .
I didn't really have to figure it out . I just followed the instructions !
hints are really important when you're solving puzzles . If you give me some hints about playing that PS2 game , I ’ ll show you how to solve the Rubik's cube .
do you remember , years ago , when everybody at the New Year's party had yo-yos ?
I don't know . I haven't tried yo-yo since that party !
if you don't start when you're young , it's hard to get the hang of it .
A beautiful center !
Mary , there's one more thing that you must do for me before you leave .
You have to take the math and English evaluation tests .
Because you're from a foreign country . The school needs to find out how good you are at both basic skills .
You are a smart girl !
I have a bone to pick with you .
You always have a chip on your shoulder .
OK , Nick . Here's the question , What movie and its sequel both won an Oscar for Best Picture ?
Whew ! I'm impressed ! You really know your stuff !
It is obvious that their government is nursing the hope of having all other countries over a barrel and bring them completely under their control .
What can we do ?
This is today ’ s schedule . At eight thirty , conference with the department managers . At 9 o ’ clock , live for the workshop where you ’ ll award prizes to the stafffor preventatives .
3000 RIB as bonus for each person .
Ok . Next thing is laying the corner-stone for the new plant at 10 AM . At 12 AM , back here for lunch .
How do you get along with your co-workers ?
Do you think management should fire someone just because they gossip ?
So how do you develop good relationships in the office ?
Thanks a lot for having us . We had a good time .
Thanks . By the way , tell your wife she throws a great party .
So how did you meet Bill ?
Oh , really ? Which bulletin board ?
I've heard about that , but I've never tried it .
I have no desire to talk on a network with a bunch of strangers .
I just want a private conversation with one other person .
Well , maybe I'll tag along and watch how you talk .
It ’ s that popular ?
Have you seen that house ?
You're right . I love it very much .
At least more than 100 years old .
I can't open the door .
Let me ask the old woman in that reception office .
She must be deaf .
Have a nice weekend !
Do you have any plans ?
What did you major in ?
What is your specialty ?
The National Day is coming . What are you going to do during the holiday ?
Why don't you go sightseeing ?
Good morning , John . Have you finished reading the novel by Dickens borrowed from the library ?
I'm sorry to hear that . How are you feeling now ?
How many days do you plan to finish reading it ?
OK . After three days , I will come to you for it .
Ouch !
Hi , Lilly , it ’ s so nice to see you again .
Nothing special . I had a get-together with some schoolmates at the high school , visited the Internet and read a couple of books which I had been longing for . How about yours ?
You know , I really don ’ t think Americans are very romantic .
That ’ s the impression I get from the movies , and from looking around . Men and women seem very business-like in their relations with each other .
Is it true or isn ’ t it ?
I just think you ’ re trying to change the subject . But go ahead .
OK , go on .
Not exactly , but I see your point .
It's a lovely day , isn't it ?
I love it when the weather is like this.Why don't we sit down outside and have our lunch ?
I really miss the change of seasons like we have in Colorado.but I must admit , this sure is a nice spring day .
Okay.Hey , is that a dark cloud over there ? Do you think it will rain after all ?
Are you going to the cafeteria downstairs ?
Could you please get me a takeaway ? I have some urgent work to finish . So I don ’ t have enough time to go out for lunch .
What's your weight ?
Do put yourself on a diet , otherwise you'll be too fat .
Did you ever take History 231 ?
Who was the professor ?
I have him this semester . What do you think about him ?
What did you end up getting ?
That's probably because he grades on a curve .
I hate it and I was about to withdrawal . But after hearing your experience , I think I will tough it out .
So how long have you known Mary ?
Only four days ! That's so short , and you seem so crazy about her .
Hi , happy new year !
Time flies ! One year has already been a history !
Yeah . Have you made any good resolutions for this new year ?
I want to be healthier this year , so I think I should take more exercise .
Maybe I should make a plan about learning my biochemistry , which is a mess !
It's weekend again , I'm glad I can arrange for my personal matters .
Oh , that means I can do whatever I like without few interruptions .
Oh , really ? I just have lots of hobbies in my spare time ; such as going to the concert , painting , handwriting , reading novels and reading fashion magazines . What about yours ?
Oh , you can't think like that . We young people should try our best to learn new things and accept new ideas . You like taking photos and going to photography shows , why not practise the technique and catch something unforgeable ?
I quite agree with you . With our hobbies , our life can be more colorful and exciting .
Hey , Jane ... are you familiar with our company's insurance policies ?
I've never really paid attention to the fine print of our insurance policies ... but it looks like I'm going to need to make a claim .
I have a slipped disc in my lower back and the doctor says surgery is probably the best option . Does our worker insurance cover this kind of thing ?
Hummum ... I think I'll have to talk to the doctor again about that.Anyway ... now that I'm going to have to make some claims , I think I'd better try and understand how the system works . Would you mind breaking it down for me ?
That's the charge for insurance I see on my pay slip each month , right ?
So workman's compensation is if I slip and break my arm while working in the office or on the job , right ?
I decided to go for this kind of life .
I know . I always hope for the best and prepare for the worst .
How are you ?
Did you need something ?
How may I help you ?
Have you checked the periodicals section yet ?
If you ’ d like , I can show you were to find it .
Follow me .
Wow , American football is more exciting than I thought .
Oh , right . So , I can ’ t quite follow what ’ s going on ... who ’ s winning ?
Wow ! What a hit !
Is he ok ?
I guess he hit him too hard ; the referee just called a penalty on the home team .
Yeah .
What happened ? Why did everyone get so quiet ?
Jack ! Do you want to see a picture of my new puppy ?
Well , this is my new baby . He ’ s just as much trouble . That ’ s for sure ! But , he ’ s a lot of fun !
I'm going to Ireland this summer .
No , I'd like to go alone .
A new film is on . Have you ever seen it ?
It's a feature film .
How old are you , Su ?
I see , you have seven candles on the cake .
We will have a party here , right ?
I've had enough of that !
I hate the hero.He ' s too cruel .
Honey , I've got good news for you .
You are going to be a father .
Yes . We'll have our baby soon .
Hi . You enjoying the party ?
Yes . The drinks are very good ! I'm Paul , by the way .
I'm in finance . You ?
T & D ? Oh , yes , sure . How long have you worked there ?
Are you still working day and night ?
The stepmother was very wicked . She couldn't stand a happy smile on the boy's face .
And she did her best to pull out the thorn in her flesh and the boy lost whatever made him happy .
Excuse me , are you Sara Wilson ?
Nice to meet you too . Let me help you with your bags .
Would you mind taking your feet off the table , Mike ?
Do you put your feet on your own table ?
Why not ?
Well , will you please put them down ?
I forgot something on the table .
May I help you ?
Let me see your library card .
You can apply for one right now , if you ’ d like .
Could you fill out this application ?
Could you please sign the back of the card ?
That ’ s it .
But the auction is a blast ! And I haven't even told you the best part yet !
That stamp you've been looking for is for sale .
I'm so excited ! We have two weeks off ! What are you going to do ?
Well , my parents have rented a condominium in Florida . I'm going to take long walks along the beach every day and do lots of swimming .
Say , why don't you come with us ? We have plenty of room .
I can't stand the stupid guy any longer.It ' s unbelievable !
He does everything so mindlessly that he is going to drive me crazy .
I have told him how to do it several times , but he's never listened to me .
Oh , I always have difficulty in getting along with the staff .
I think that's a bad idea . I'd hate anyone here to think of me as a friend.How would they ever respect me as they can do whatever they want ?
Did you sign up for the picnic party ?
This time you can bring your daughter with you .
Frank , I want your advice on something . Some scientists I met at the conference 6 this afternoon have invited me to a party . Actually , they called it an informal get-together .
When I asked how people were going to dress , Dr . Lite said it was casual .
Well , last night I went out with some journalists for a casual party , but I was overdressed . I wore what I consider casual - - an outfit of skirt , blouse , scarf , and medium heels ... you know .
Everyone else there was wearing blue jeans . Several of the women had on running shoes . I felt out of place . So I have no idea what to wear tonight .
T he nineteenth of June is my birthday . I'm planning to have a small party . Could you come ?
Who got ripped off ?
Well , maybe not 100 percent . I did hear about some tricks people use .
There are shills . A shill is someone who bids up the price of their own sale .
How many courses do you have for this semester ?
How are they proportioned ?
I ’ Ve always wondered , what ’ s the difference between English for Chinese students and English for native students ?
I think a Chinese student concentrates on written English , and uses it as a basis for communicating . From start to finish he ’ s learning vocabulary and fundamentals of grammar . This is a very difficult way to learn .
They get higher level English , which is more formal than everyday spoken English . They also deal with matters of style and creativity .
Absolutely not ! Native speakers make a lot of grammar mistakes , especially if they come from a home where nonstandard English is spoken .
Do I need a visa ?
Yes , I know . I must get my traveler ’ s check and some foreign currency .
Really ? That ’ s very good of you , Helen . But I must get a new suitcase , my old one needs repairing .
That ’ s very kind of you , Helen . I hope you don ’ t mind my leaving you like this . I need a holiday . It won ’ t be long .
Is that your phone ?
it's very impressive . Can you use the Internet on your phone ?
that's really convenient . Does it have the Bluetooth ?
no , but I think it'd be really great for people like you who are always on the go .
does it have a camera ?
I guess so . Would you mind if I checked my email quickly ? I'm supposed to be getting an important email this evening from a client .
have you checked your voicemail recently ?
I think this icon means that you have a voicemail message .
do you want to listen to your messages first ?
I'm surprised you don't use more of the features on your phone .
it quit working last week and I haven't had a chance to buy a new one yet .
it's not that bad . It kind of feels like I'm on vacation , not having to answer my phone all the time !
Are you feeling better today , Bill ?
You ’ d better give up smoking . It ’ s bad for your health .
But you should make up your mind first .
Why don ’ t you go to bed early and get up early ? You ’ ll have the same time for work .
What are your weekend arrangements ?
What sort of things are you interested in ?
I love swimming and cycling . On Sunday morning I have swimming practice for an hour . In the afternoon , I just ride my bike around the city or along the country roads for almost two hours .
Mostly in the city's swimming pool . But on occasion , I go to the beach with friends . Well , what do you do at leisure ?
Why did the boss come down on Joe like a ton of bricks .
How did he know that he had bad mouthed him ?
He is then in a very difficult situation .
I'm sorry for spilling my drink on your rug .
But I ruined your rug .
Why are you cut up recently , Nancy ?
Oh , cheer up . A boyfriend is not everything .
We'd like a half-day package .
How many can we choose ?
We'll do the seaweed wrap , the jet bath , and the foot massage .
Are you going to Helen ’ s birthday party on Friday evening ?
If everyone turned up , it would be a squeeze , but a few people said that they couldn ’ t go , so I think it should be ok ?
I ’ Ve got her a birthday present and I ’ ll take a bottle fo wine too .
Helen gets on very well with her neighbours . I wouldn ’ t be surprised if they went to the party too .
I hated the hand-me-downs to wear when I was a kid .
Shall we have two tickets for for seven thirty ?
What did you do last vacation ?
What will you do this vacation ?
Do you like Barry ?
I agree . I like his brother , Paul . They are not alike .
What kind of person do you consider yourself to be ?
Oh , I don ’ t think you ’ re shy ! You are always chatting with new people when we go to a party .
You ’ re right . I love going out and making new friends .
Hello 。 this is Susan .
Yes , I think So .
What ’ s the time ?
Oh , I ’ m sorry I can ’ t.because I have to do some housework.You can ask Jenny to go with you .
Congratulations ! Is it a boy or a girl ?
What do you think are the most important things to do when running a business ?
So , do you think workers should be paid as little as possible ?
How can a business maximise revenues ?
What else do you suggest ?
This paper absorbs water so quickly !
John has some trouble in his life .
Yeah . He ’ s been having an easy time since he was a boy , and now he doesn ’ t know how to face the music .
Welcome back , soccer fans . My name is Rick Fields and , as always , I am joined by my commentating wingman , Bob Copeland .
The ref calls the players for the kick off , and here we go ! Ecuador quickly passes the ball to the midfield , but , oath , it ’ s out of bounds .
No question about it . He was offside by a mile ! We have a goal kick for Ecuador . Edison Mendez heads it to Valencia , he shoots ! Deflected by the defender and we have a corner kick .
Hi , I'm Jake . I'm new to the choir . What's your name ?
Do you sing alto ?
Looks like we both float back and forth . I'm baritone .
I heard them warming up earlier . You're right .
How happy you are ! Next Monday is your wedding day . Congratulations !
Fred is really a good guy . And he loves you so much .
He's after your own heart , it is important .
Hey , buddy . Are the fish biting today ?
Is that so ? Well , what kind of bait are you using ?
Lures ? We're using live bait over here .
We're using worms .
No , we haven't even gotten a nibble today .
I would , but I don't have any in my tackle box .
I'm just fishing from the shore . How about you ?
Sweet.Can you tell me where it is ?
Do you think that's a good spot ?
Thanks . I think I'll go check that out now .
So John , have you ever been to China before ?
Have you travelled to many other countries ?
What about America ? Have you ever been to the United States ?
What kind of movies do you like , Sue ?
Just like my wife . So , what ’ s your favorite movie ?
By the way , could you tell me what day it is today ?
And the date , please .
What will you do now ? Propose to her .
You should strike while the iron is hot .
Would you allow me to drive your car ?
Surely I will .
I could get along fine without all the office politics .
There is a position I've had my eye on for several months now and I had good reason to believe that it was mine for the asking .
We were awarded government funding last year and in order to keep it we have to hire so Ay new employees .
Someone in the main office has a nephew who he thinks can slide right into the Management position I wanted .
Hello , Hanson . Today I come to say goodbye to you , for I'm going back to London tomorrow .
Much as I wish to but I really can ’ t . I've already booked the flight .
Of course not . You can come to London to visit me in future . And I also will come here if I have a chance .
I will miss you , too . You're really a good friend .
It doesn't matter .
I will .
What are you reading ?
It seems that English already is the main global language . Does the article suggest that there should be an artificial language like Esperanto as the world language .
Does the article say anything about other language ? How will they survive in an English-speaking world ?
Hello ?
Not yet .
I ’ d like to , but I can ’ t .
I ’ Ve a lot of paper work to do right now . I ’ m behind schedule .
Sure , thanks .
Our neighbour ’ s tape recorder is so loud that it annoys us to death . I ’ Ve made up my mind to cut the electricity off .
Then what shall we do ?
Welcome to our school . If you need any help , please come to me .
What do you think about violence in movies ?
But kids like watching things like that . It's just for fun , would't you say ?
I know you are a good dancer . What dances do you like ?
Why do you like old styles of dance ?
I think so , because most young people like modern dances , such as rock and roll .
Can you help me do an internet search ?
I want to find information on World War Two .
Yes , I want to know about the Normandy Landing .
Oh , wow ! There are lot of sites .
Thanks .
I want to redo this poster , but John and Mary think it's good enough as it is .
We're lucky today .
Where's Hyde Park ?
That's the place where people make speeches on Sundays , isn't it ?
Well , are we going there today ? I want to take shots there .
Hi , John , how was your vacation ?
That must have been wonderful . Do anything interesting ?
Wow ! Isn ’ t that dangerous ?
Tell me about it .
500 feet ! I would never be able to do that .
How ’ s the food ?
Well I don ’ t think so . I don ’ t like it at all !
I eat dog food when my parents are out .
Poor us ! All this junk food lacks nutrition !
I'm afraid we can't increase salary this year , money is just too title .
Why not ?
I ’ m sure you never dare to go against your wife .
Have you ever got the goods on her for wrong doings ?
I'm calling to say good-bye .
I'm catching the eleven o'clock train .
Can we have two tickets for this evening's film ?
Titanic .
Front , please .
Do you have seats in the fourth or fifth rows ?
All right.We ' ll take the second row.By the way , how much is it ?
Hi , come on in . Can I take your coat ?
You're the first guest to arrive . I'll just put your coat away and then I'll get you something to drink .
Whatever you prefer .
Just over three weeks . Would you like a drink ?
I've got white wine , red wine , gin and tonics , ginger ale , lemonade , orange juice , and sprite .
One glass of red wine coming up !
There's just going to be 6 of us tonight .
Marcia and Paul called to cancel at the last moment . Paul was running late and Marcia wasn't feeling well .
The weather is really miserable . It has been raining hard all day long .
Do you think the rain is going to let up soon ?
How long does the rainy season last ?
I can hardly stand these wet and cold days . It seems that it doesn't bother you very much .
But I prefer warm weather .
Would you like to go skating with me this afternoon ?
Maybe another time . People say that boys ' dormitories are in a mess , is it true ?
It's hard for me to imagine . How can you stand that ?
Oh my God , don't you know that such living environment is not healthy ?
How long can I keep these books ?
What if I can't finish them by then ?
Any terrible fines ?
Are you excited about your trip next month ?
Why ?
Oh really ? I have an uncle who is also terrified of flying . It ' s not that bad though , I mean , it is pretty scary to be in this big machine flying through the air at seven hundred miles per hour . I actually have arachnophobia .
I guess that explains why you are afraid of flying , but public speaking is not that bad .
Well , I must confess I am a bit claustrophobic . I hate being in an elevator for more than 5 seconds .
Hello , Rachel . It's glad to see you here .
I'm going to throw a party tomorrow night . Would you like to come ?
Of course .
At 6 o'clock .
How could you have done that without asking me first ?
Well , you should have thought .
Would you like to have dinner with me tonight ?
I ’ ll pick you up at ... say , 7,30 ?
See you tonight then .
How are you getting along with your paper ?
You should hand it in before next Sunday .
Would you like to come to our party ?
what happened ? You look so pale .
What makes you say that ?
Oh , that's too bad . Work harder next term .
Don't loose heart . Everything will be fine .
I had a terrible journey back from Bangkok last week .
Well , first of all , the taxi that was taking me from the client's office to the airport broke down on the freeway .
Yes , and the driver didn't speak any English or Chinese and he didn't have a phone on him-can you believe it ? - and his radio didn't work . So there was no way he could get in touch with the office to get them to send another taxi .
Well , I actually thumbed a lift .
Yes , I stood on the side of the freeway and stuck my thumb out , and a passing truck stopped and took me to the airport .
Yes , except he drove really slowly , and I missed my flight .
Yes , so I had to wait three hours for the next one . I didn't get home till four in the morning , and when I got home I realized I'd left my house keys in my hotel in Bangkok .
Do you have change for a hundred ?
Have you read the new rules about using cell phone at work ?
Well , but for this one , don ’ t bring your cell phone to meetings , I think it is not reasonable . What if there are some important calls ?
Do you know about All Fools ' Day ?
April fool !
Daniel , I can't catch up with the English teacher very well .
You are quite good at English , can you help me with it .
English school ? What is that ?
Is that different from our school's English course ?
Have you ever seen coco ?
Joseph , who is that woman ?
What does she do for work ?
Is she American ?
She's really tall . Do you know her ?
Who's that man standing next to her ?
That short guy on her right . What's his name ?
He's really good looking .
Do you know him ?
Is he married ?
I ’ Ve gotta hand it to you , you really did a good job !
I think you deserve a promotion .
Are you going abroad to study ?
Billy , you are late again .
Yes he ' s in his office .
Don't take any chances . It'd be best if you told him and promised not to be late again . He's already mad at you for last 2 times . Any more and he might fire you .
I think he might . You'd better go to his office .
Sam , what shall I do with my stocks ? Will I lose money ?
What do you mean by that ?
Is that so ?
Ann invited us to dinner this saturday afternoon .
How about a china vase ?
Which of the two do you think is better ? I mean , what's the difference between them ?
I only want it for the kitchen . I like to listen to the news at breakfast time .
Hmm ... I'd like the cheaper one , please . Can I pay hy cheque ?
Did you have a good weekend ?
Not bad . What did you do ?
What do you do for a living ?
Really ? Do you like it ?
I ’ m a bus driver .
I'm sorry , Sam . I don't want to go to the folk concert .
I don't like going to the theatre .
Travelling , swimming , going to the cinema . And you ?
I like talking to you , too .
You want to go to the movies tonight ?
The new Twilight movie !
Of course it does . It ' s like a modern tale of Romeo and Juliet . You can see a couple who are in love but can ' t be together because they are so different . And in the fact that immortality and super human strengthen this really sexy and there you have it ! Plus the cast is hip , young people that make the movie even more enticing .
What kind of person do you consider yourself to be ?
Oh , I don't think you're shy ! You are always chatting with new people when we go to a party .
You're right . I love going out and making new friends .
Let's invite Bobbie and John to our party , OK ?
Why ?
You look really wiped out ?
Not a good day . I hate to tell you that Mr . Thomas wants to see the profit ’ s statement for new project tomorrow morning .
Is this a photo of your family ?
You look so lovely .
Can you speak Japanese ?
Where did you learn it ?
How long have you been learning it ?
Can you speak any other languages ?
Mary , do you remember when we met ?
And I came up and asked to sit by you ...
May , we are fools to hang out at noon . It's dying hot today . My skin is too weak to be exposed under the summer sun .
You know , honey , I used it all on the way over .
The heat is driving crazy and I hate my new hat .
But I bought it to get rid of the heat . Now it does nothing but burning my head .
Laugh all you want , whatever . We need to get out of the heat .
Give me a break . It's not funny .
Do you know much about computers ?
I've just been reading an article about them . They'll be used for all sorts of things now .
Yes , but they are used for other things , too . Do you remember when we went to buy a ticket for the flight to Paris .
The man asked where we want to go , then he type out the information on the form and waited for a reply . A few moment later , he gave us two tickets .
It ’ s time for me to go now .
I ’ d rather you stayed in the office and did these things .
I ’ d rather you typed it .
Which season do you like best ?
Why ?
John , my father isn't there at all . Are you kidding ?
It's ... OH , it's the first of April , April Fools ' Day .
I've booked an air ticket to Venice .
I'd like to stay there for a week .
Oh , the ink is spilled on the desk .
No , but the table cloth was dirty .
I'm afraid it's too hard to wash off the stain .
I really feel great shame . Let me buy a new one for you .
Are you a happy married man ?
You are a lucky man . How about Mr . Smith .
You mean she bosses her husband around ?
The country is strong only in appearance . Don ’ t you think so ?
Elaine ’ s back from school . I think it might be a nice gesture if you asked her out . I suppose she ’ s not good enough for you , is that it ?
How do you know ? You haven ’ t seen her since high school . I guess your evenings , whatever you do with them , are just too valuable .
I guess I ’ ll just have to tell Mr . Robinson that you ’ re too busy every evening – doing God knows what ... God don ’ t go on like this . If you absolutely refuse to take her out ...
It smells like an ashtray in here !
What ’ s wrong ? I thought we agreed that you were gonna quit smoking .
Look , there are other ways to quit . You can try the nicotine patch , or nicotine chewing gum . We spend a fortune on cigarettes every month and now laws are cracking down and not allowing smoking in any public place . It ’ s not like you can just light up like before .
Jack , could you check your calendar ?
We're planning a weekend camping trip , and we want to know which weekend is best for everyone .
It is reported that the temperature is going to drop dramatically tonight .
Yes . So you'd better dress warmly before you go out .
What's wrong , Dave ? You look down today .
Well , English is a " paper tiger " . Its natural enemy is adequate practice .
I suggest you read English texts aloud every day , and try to speak more . That will be beneficial to cultivate your sense of the language .
The answer for number 6 is C , 7 is B , 8 is A ...
Sure . 7 is B . Any others ?
Look ! That man who is baking bread is so handsome .
I don't know what I'm going to do . I need to find a job . If I don't , I won't be able to stay here next semester .
What do you mean ?
Yes , I know . I tried that.They don't have anything now . So what can I do ?
I know that . You don't have to tell me that . That's my problem . I know I have the right to work for the university . That's legal.But they don't have a job for me . And it's illegal for me to get a job elsewhere .
But I need a pretty decent job . I need to make enough to pay my rent at least .
What ?
I already had that idea .
But I don't know what I would do .
Maybe . I don't know .
I have some photos here taken by myself . Would you like to see them ?
I would get Fuji 200 film for taking photos of natural beauty .
Excuse me , Professor , is there a time when I could meet with you ?
I would like to come in at three o'clock .
Yes , I can .
I got it .
Thank you , I'll be there .
At what age do children start school in your country ?
Do boys and girls go to school together ?
Do you think this is a good idea ?
Do some children go on to university ?
What examinations do they take first ?
How long do you usually stay at university ?
Are you okay , man ? You don ’ t look very well .
Nice ! So , where did you guys go ?
Oh no ! Mike ’ s birthday is a drinkfest for sure !
Is that why you missed work today ?
Www !
Too bad man , tonight is Tracy ’ s going away party and she asked if you were gonna go .
Hey Claire , you've been really quiet these last few days . Is something wrong ?
Well , stress is a real thing . It's not an imaginary condition .
You're not weak ... you're stressed out ! Stress has been a part of the human condition for millions of years . Back when we still lived in the trees we had to watch out for predators ... and as you might imagine , that was pretty stressful .
But you're actually having the same reaction as our tree-dwelling ancestors ! It's called the flight or fight response . Each time you feel like something's threatening you , your body decides whether to run away or fight ... it causes all sorts of chemical reactions in the body .
It could . Modern humans actually have more flight or fight responses than our ancestors did . They just had a couple of close calls every day , but today , we have dozens or even hundreds !
Hey , Mary , what's up ?
Oh , that's exciting . What's this guy like ? Is he hot ?
It seems you two are a good match . What qualities do you look for in a friend ?
Well , that's something I've never heard of . But if you ask me what I value most in a friend , I would have to say honesty .
I must be going now .
No , I really must go now.My family are expecting me home soon .
When you are in a restaurant you want the waiter to bring the bill , what do you do to attract his attention ?
I went out with my girlfriend to a nice restaurant last night and I noticed that many people shouted for the bill .
That ’ s what I thought . I just thought I ’ d ask you and see what you thought of it . Anyway , what did you do yesterday evening ?
Did you ? How is he these days ?
I need to move some furniture . Could you help me to lift it ?
Guess what ?
I don't like this movie . It's a bomb .
Well , give me the Walkman . I'll listen to the music then .
Excuse me , Miss .
I'm a graduate student here in mathematics . I've just come from China and I've never used a western library before . I'll be here for five years , so I'd like to learn to use the library as efficiently as possible . I wonder if someone might have time to show me around .
Sure . 3 thirty this afternoon .
Don't open any of my forwards ! I got a virus !
Yes , that's exactly the bug I got . Though , I do kind of like the pictures .
Wait a second-are these pictures copyrighted ?
Say , do you go to see your grandparents often ?
I need some flowers for my girlfriend .
Oh , no . Carnations are not very elegant.Artificial flowers have no passion .
Money is no object .
I will take ten .
Of course . Can I have it delivered to my girlfriend's house this afternoon ?
Julie , what's on the tube ?
yeah . Maybe we can change to another channel . what about the sports channel ? Let's see if there's a game on .
it was a good game , but not good enough to watch again . Keep surfing .
oh , what is it ?
oh , I know this kind of shows . Sometimes they really piss me off . If I wanted reality , I'd go outside .
I don't get it . We have more than 100 channels and there's still nothing good on ! Maybe we should just turn off the TV , get outside , and do something real .
That woman is a thorough drag !
She keeps spitting on the ground .
To be a revolutionary needs great courage !
Galileo is one of them .
Did you go to the bank to withdraw money ?
So you didn ’ t . Is that right ?
Why didn ’ t you just answer my question directly ? Why would Chinese answer questions this way ? I simply asked if you did it or not . It ’ s a very simple question . And Chinese often give the reason before they would give a direct answer .
You know , today I asked a student if he brought his dictionary with him . It ’ s a rule I made for the class that everyone brings a bilingual dictionary with them because sometimes they don ’ t understand me . The funniest thing is that this student gave me a lot of reasons and no direct answer .
Uncle , have a heart , please lend your new car to me . Only once .
I have a big date tonight .
Betty and I will throw a dinner party this weekend , we ’ d like you to come .
Sure . We ’ ll be looking forward to that day .
I think it's going to be a nice day .
But it'supposed to get cloudy and windy again this afternoon .
David , I heard you lost your job .
You look very professional in the suit .
Do you know Mark ?
Can you introduce him to me ?
Did you tip the bellboy ?
That sounds about right to me , fifty cents a bag . If they think you don ’ t know better , they ’ ll try to get more .
I disagree . He was polite and informative , and he drove smoothly . One should reward good service .
Thomas , would you be so kind as to lay the table for me ? I'm busy in the kitchen .
They're all here .
William told you that his grandmother is sick , huh ? What exactly did he say ?
It didn't sound like he was too upset , huh ? What did you tell him ?
The boss announces the pay raise today , right ? How much do you think we'll get ?
It better be more than last year .
Do you like to dance ?
What kind of dancing do you like ?
Mom , what are you doing ?
Still clipping coupons ?
Saving money ? How much money can you save by those 1 or 2 dollar discount coupons ?
Sorry ! Excuse me ! I got your message .
That's OK . Just let it out . I'm OK ! I was out of town with ... Femi .
Okay , next question . If Eric asked you out on a date , what would you say ?
Let ’ s see ... If I won the lottery , I would buy two tickets for a trip around the world .
My dad will freak out if I even mention a trip like that !
Wow , there are so many lanterns to appreciate .
Yes , it deserves its name .
Sure . But you know that I can't read any Chinese characters . What do they say ?
Do you have s second ?
I want to tell you I've put in my notice .
I've been thinking about this for several months , well before the Spring Festival holidays .
Yeah , after receiving my yearly bouns , I want to search out better opportunities in the spring job market . I've been working in the company for nearly a year and a half and I still haven't received a pay rise . It's unfair .
Hi Joe . You met my new assistant , right ?
You are kidding , but she's so helpful .
Come on . She's like that with everyone .
What a boring film !
So , John , what do you do for a living ?
Oh , really ? That sounds interesting , what kinds of book do you publish ?
Oh , What a cool job ! How long have you worked there ?
Are you planning on studying abroad ?
I feel pity for the old man .
It must be dreadful to grow old .
Dad , you keep talking about family in New Zealand . Who are they ?
Is uncle Bill your brother ?
So his two daughters are my cousins ?
What are step-sisters ?
So uncle Bill's wife is Jane's mother but not Sarah's mother . Right ?
And when are they coming to visit us ?
I'm worried sick that she will leave me tomorrow .
I like pop music very much .
I said I like pop music very much.It ' s so lovely .
I'll help you , Lucy . Look at what I've got here . In this small bottle , there's a magic love potion .
Yes . If you put a few drops on someone's eyelids while he's asleep , he'll fall in love with the first person he sees when he wakes up .
Take my word for it .
Just come to our house and stay over . You'll sit by his bed and greet him like a beautiful red rose , ' Good morning ! '
All right , let's see who's ruining my TV time .
Is your boss named Vic ? Your pager says , This is Vic . Here I come !
Here , see for yourself . That's really strange ! It's almost the same as when I ...
I'd like to say good-bye to everyone .
My plane leaves at seven twenty-five .
Well , what brings you here ?
Does she live nearby ?
Don't talk too much , Tom . We are on duty today , we should hurry up .
Tom , your task is to clean the blackboard .
I'm going to sweep the floor first .
Stand on the chair , Pig Tom . Use your brain .
How about the podium ?
Be quick , please . Our teacher and classmates will come soon .
I think he deserved his gold .
Yes , it's perfect !
Jim , I heard you took a trip to San Diego . Is that right ?
That sounds really nice . What did you do there ?
Did you take any pictures ?
Sure , I love looking at photos .
Your daughter looks like her mother .
Where was this picture taken ?
Did you have time to go to the zoo ?
It looks like you all had a nice time .
Are you interested in history ?
I love history , but I ’ Ve always thought that learning the reasons behind events is more important than remembering exactly when they happened .
Some people say that history repeats itself .
The idea is that the people and dates change , but the reason why things happen stay the same .
Nice day today , isn't it ?
We can't complain about the weather recently .
I wonder how long this weather can last .
Excuse me , Sir , May I have the time , please ?
Er ... I'd like to know what time it is now .
Thank you . By the way , what day is today ?
Yes , I've just come from the States , yesterday in fact . I'm still a bit confused about the time .
Oh , that's very nice of you . I don't want to sound pushy , but I still l have one more question .
What's the date today ?
I really enjoyed that film ! What about you ?
What part of the film do you like best ?
I loved it , too . To tell you the truth , I even dropped tears .
It has got this year's Oscar Award .
I just got a letter from an old high school buddy .
He usually keeps me posted .
It's hard to keep up contact when people move around so much .
What did you think of the film ?
Yes , I liked it , too . Did you like the acting ?
Not really . I thought it was disappointing .
John's very late.Do you think he's coming ?
I don ’ t know why bucks have such a great charm that a great many people are after nothing else .
What are you using for bait today ?
Is that so ? We're using lures , and the fish are biting those too .
How is your ankle ?
Please be careful next time .
Do you know something about Mount Tai ?
Five sacred mountains ? Why people call them so ?
Got it . Can we see any things left by them ?
I want to see them . How can I go there ?
Mary , this is your homeroom . It's 213 . Remember that .
You sit in there , listen to the morning announcement with other kids , and then you go to your classes .
But I have to go to my homeroom .
No .
Helen , you must be excited at going to America to study .
What do your classmates think of it ?
How long will you study there .
Which university will you go to ?
Good luck !
Look ! Someone is celebrating his birthday .
Why ? Do you know that guy ?
That's interesting . But it would be really expensive , I suppose . Just think about all the drinks .
Wow . That's wonderful .
have you adapted to the lifestyle in China ?
what ?
what is it ?
that makes you feel uncomfortable ?
perhaps that's because we hold different ideas about privacy .
well , that's not rare . I've seen people reading at others ' newspaper while taking a metro or a bus .
yeah .
Excuse me , Miss .
I'm a graduate student here in mathematics . I've just come from China and I've never used a western library before . I'll be here for five years , so I'd like to learn to use the library as efficiently as possible . I wonder if someone might have time to show me around .
Sure . 3:30 this afternoon .
what's your apartment like ?
what is it like living in on-campus housing ?
did you have to pay a deposit ?
do you have to pay utilities on top of your monthly rent ?
how long is your contract for ?
have you started looking again yet ?
Have you seen the news that there is a serious flood in the South ?
What a pity ! I know you've been longing for it these months .
You should have seen the T . V . show that was on last night , the topic it covered was really interesting , animal rights .
Yes , but we can ’ t deny that animals are vulnerable , defenseless , and are completely at the mercy of human beings .
You can ’ t compare apples and oranges . I believe that both topics are important and that we can ’ t ignore them , the mistreatment of animals can cause a great environmental imbalance . I believe that governments should prohibit activities like poaching .
Excuse me . May I take a picture of you and your little boy ?
It ’ s for a book .
Just dab it all over your face and then take a look at the symbols that appear .
Those are money bags , and they represent your financial situation .
That's Madame Psychic to you .
Mary , how was your date with john ?
oh , really . That is great news . What does he look like ?
sounds like he is pretty cute . What do you think of him ?
Did you go to the concert last weekend ?
Yes , I did . I enjoyed it a lot.There was a folk singer , a violinist and a pianist .
Hi , nice to hear from you , when does your plane leave ?
Good .
Will you help me take these things to the car ?
Bring them to my wife's car .
The blue SUV in front of the Honda .
That chair over there , but please be careful with it . It was a gift from my mother-in-law .
Let me help you with that . I don't want you to hurt your back .
Didn't I tell you ? We're moving to Florida ?
Have you received your TOWEL test results yet ?
Congratulations ! I knew you could do it .
Thank you , but it was your hard work that did it .
You didn't come to work yesterday.What happened ?
What's wrong with him ?
Is he getting better now ?
It sure is hot today .
how's it going ?
to be honest , I'm a bit fed up .
there's a girl in my company that I really like but I always get shy when she is around .
sure , but how ?
but for what reasons ? She doesn't even know who I am .
easier said than done .
but I always get tongue-tied when I see her .
I see . I'll try .
It's getting late . I'm afraid I have to leave.Thank you for a most wonderful evening .
Lisa , would you like to go to the library with me ?
Sure . First we'll go buy a newspaper and then we'll go to the library .
The weather is really nice today . Let's walk .
Alright , then let's take an umbrella . Is your brother coming with us ?
Wow , it's already 10:00 AM . He must have been up late last night .
I hope he can come later .
How do we get to the library from here ?
Hi , Lucy , you are very popular with people around you , what are your tricks ?
Sharing knowledge can be very settled and some second stances . People may think you are telling them how to do their work . If they take it personally , they feel angry at you and even become reluctant to support you at work .
You are quite right . Thank you for sharing your experience with me . I learned a lot .
how was your education going on in Australia ?
where are you going to work then , in Australia or back in China ?
why are you choosing to leave a foreign country ? Many people are reluctant to leave the superior living environment abroad .
yeah , China's developing so fast and development opportunities can be found almost in every corner of the country .
the rapidly expanding economy has encouraged many students to pack their bags AMD head for home .
How do you like this dress ?
Something attractive and dressy . Maybe a little sexy too . New Year's Eve is a special occasion and it only happens once a year , right ?
People here always wear the best clothes they have . Many people go out and buy clothes especially for New Year's Eve .
Before the New Year , we always send greeting cards to our relatives and friends to wish them a happy year . On the street and in stores people usually greet others with a ' Happy New Year ' . It's also common for people to make a New Year's resolution .
It's when people quit a bad habit or do something they find hard to do . Many people resolve to quit smoking , lose weight , or stop nagging their wife , etc . However , it usually lasts only for a few days !
We're going to a night club for dinner and dancing , then we'll go down to the city square for the big celebration . There's always a fireworks display put on by the local government . We all want you to come too .
My name's McDonald .
Hey , you wanna see a movie tomorrow ?
How about Legally Blonde .
Isn't that a scary movie ?
Ok . I'll give it a try .
Could you help me to register for a class ?
Are there any Psychology classes available ?
On what days are the classes ?
Can you tell me about the other class ?
You're positive that these are the only classes left ?
The class on Monday and Wednesday will be fine .
Which season do you like best ?
How would you like your hair cut ?
Then , I'll just trim it .
Lucy , you ’ re back . How was your first day of school ?
What classes did you have ?
What do you think about the teachers ?
That ’ s too bad . How was your English teacher ?
Where is she from ?
Were you able to understand everything that she said ?
She sounds like a good teacher . Do you think you ’ ll pass her class ?
What does that mean ?
If you like the class this much already , I ’ m sure you will .
did she give you any homework ?
I know you're sleepy and I hate to bother you , but I think you're late for work .
Don't worry . I can give you a lift .
Annie , what is troubling you ? You look unhappy .
Do you like him ?
Then why are you hesitating ?
One love drives out another . You shouldn't be afraid to start a new relationship .
How's work ?
The police need our help finding a robber .
The TV news is reporting a bank robbery .
Yes , he's 6 feet tall , 200 pounds , black hair , and about 30 years old .
They didn't say .
Of course not . That would be racist .
Don't ask me .
What are the pop groups that you like ?
I agree ! I cried for a week when they broke up .
David , imagine meeting you here !
All right ! I stayed up yesterday and waited for your vegetables . I stole your peaches and flowers .
How many vegetables do you steal today ?
So funny . By stealing , I forgot all my sorrows and pressure from work .
I really want to be far away from the reality now .
Mom ?
Can my friend , Tom Mitchum , come home with me for lunch tomorrow ?
Mm — hmm . You met him last summer . He is small and very smart .
Do you know who ’ s just got married ? Old Mc Donald .
He ’ s nearly 90 .
I am . Whatsmore , his wife is 84 .
Yes , she is . And guess what , he is her sixth husband .
I wanna register for this mathematics course .
Closed ? The clerk told me I could come back and register any time during the first week of classes .
Some woman in here when I tried to register three weeks ago . She said I just had to pay a late fee .
She said I couldn ’ t until I had my birth certificate . Here it is .
Serious ? Only the proof of my address .
But it ’ s unfair .
Great .
Why didn't you tell me you had a girlfriend ?
But you should have told me you were in love with her .
You know you didn't .
Yes , but you might have told me before .
You can't be serious . How dare you not tell me you were going to marry her ?
Will you give your friends a buzz and put out a feeler to see if they like to offer me a loan ?
I just want to make sure that there is possibility of giving us a loan .
Hello , Jim . Where are you going ?
No , thanks . I'm going home . My wife's expecting me .
Do you go to the cinema a lot ?
Do you know what's on tonight by any chance ?
Oh , I see . By the way , where are you going for your holidays this year ?
Oh , does she ? That's convenient .
Don't you like the sea ?
I'm going to stay at home .
Hi charles , I want you know that I finally found an apartment in Haitian .
Yeah , I am having a party this saturday night , a sort of house warming , and i want to invite you . are you busy ?
Around seven .
No , but thanks for offering , actually could you bring some fold-up chairs for people if you have any ? I am afraid not everyone's going to have a seat , do you have any ?
Don't worry , I will come to pick you up at about 6 thirty .
Hey , Dora ! What kind of books do you like to read ?
I hate to tell you this , but they are nothing but sob stories .
I'm fond of history books .
What ? I don't get it ...
Well , I'm glad I made everyone happy .
I'm glad you guys all have such a good sense of humor . Ha-ha ...
Is anybody in ?
I have a headache .
OK .
I thought so . I felt dizzy this morning .
Can you tell me a little about Paris ?
I want to see some of the famous places like Eiffel Tower , the Seine River ...
That's a good idea . I almost forget it.What else ?
Oh , wonderful ! How is the weather ?
This shirt you gave me is not my favorite brand .
Which film shall we see ?
Yes , I'd love to.Here is a good one , Mozart and Beethoven.It ' s on the Festival Hall.Shall we go there ?
No , I'm not hungry .
Did you take my money from the table ?
Both our countries are quite small . How would you describe the landscape in your country ?
Is it really completely flat ?
Yes , there are . They are not very big compared with the mountains in other countries .
That doesn ’ t sound too bad . Great for sunbathing ! The coast of my country changes even within a few kilometers . There are cliffs , then sandy beaches . Then rocks . There are lots of caves in the cliffs .
Any idea about James ? He ’ s a pain in the neck .
Oh , is that so ?
Is this your new teacher ?
Is she short ?
What color are her eyes ?
What color is her hair ?
And how old is she ?
Do you know that Mary ’ s marriage is on the rocks ?
I saw her husband have it out with her yesterday .
I don ’ t understand why you always look so happy , so energetic . It seems like you ’ Ve got good news everyday .
All I know is you look quite differently from other teachers .
Oh , I know . I saw you doing pull-ups one time on the campus and some students trying to imitate you .
It ’ s true . Many students do the exercise when they have to . We have P . E . once a week .
Of course . I didn ’ t know that . I only know exercise makes bodies stronger . I should take some exercise then . Do you have any suggestions ?
The woman was beaten again . Why didn ’ t she call the police .
It is incredible .
Now let's begin the class . Who is on duty today ?
Please come to the front to have five minutes ’ free talk in English . Very well ! Whose turn is it to have a free talk ?
How was your job at the state-owned enterprise ?
You changed jobs again ? Why do you move so frequently ?
Why don't you stick with one job for a bit longer ?
How's your current job going ?
Do you have a boyfriend ?
Well , I came to know a girl 3 weeks ago and we have so much in common .
So I think I may fall in love with her .
Then what's the difference between having a crush and falling in love ?
That's what I did .
Yes .
That's it . She likes dogs so much now , and I begin to love dogs .
Thanks . But I know falling in love is one thing , while staying in love is another .
Yeah . Falling in love is so good !
If you wanna keep healthy , you must give up smoking . It's extremely bad for your health , you know .
Well , I've got an idea , put the label cancer sticks on each pack of cigarettes , and read it before you smoke . It may give you a feeling to reduce it .
What happened ?
Let's stop and have a look .
I'm curious about that .
It ’ s very kind of you to invite me to dinner .
This dish is really delicious .
You ’ re great . Could you say it in Chinese ?
Wake up , Erik , time to rise and shine .
You and everyone else . It looks more like a camp-ground than a library .
Have you had any luck finding a topic for your paper ?
Well , why not write about the ancient civilizations of Mexico . You seem to be interested in that part of the world .
So they limit it to one region of Mexico . Say the Yucatan . You ’ Ve been there and you said it ’ s got lots of interesting relics .
I really like my debate class .
I've entertained the idea . But I'm I leaning more toward politics .
That's not like you to generalize .
I think I can do a lot of good for our country .
I dare you to talk to that girl .
Hey , what's the matter ?
Are you sure that this has nothing to do with sleep ?
Excuse me . My name is David Walker . Haven't we met before ?
Yes , I do .
The last thing I want to see is to lose face before my friends .
But you know , things cannot always go as you expect .
Have you ever thought about having children , Kaitlyn ?
Well , I ’ Ve always wanted to have lots of children . Growing up with only one brother , I always felt a bit lonely . What do you think about families with only one child ?
Don ’ t you think you would miss having other people around ?
If China didn ’ t have such a policy , can you imagine how many people there would be in China now ?
Do you think most families with many children envy or feel sorry for other families with only one child ?
I'm sorry I'm late .
The bus I took .
I took the wrong bus .
Hi , Anna . I haven ’ t seen you for ages . Where have you been ?
No wonder I haven ’ t seen you recently . Where did you spend your holidays ?
You must have a wonderful time .
I think I need a new notebook ...
You bet there is . Feast your eyes on this puppy !
Believe it !
Is there a lot of crime in your city ?
It ’ s the same in my city . We also have a lot of drug addicts . A lot of the crime is committed by drug addicts who need money for drugs .
Some people believe that a tough approach is better . Other prefer a more lenient approach .
Why do you like this computer ?
What can I do for you today ?
Can I do anything else for you ?
Is that all ?
May I see your library card ?
You have to take care of this video .
You will be fined if you damage it .
Good game ?
Yes , I know . Kind of hard to concentrate , isn't it ?
Oh , just on my own . I just joined , so I don't really have any partners .
16 . Yours ?
Jane . Nice to meet you .
Yes , it's fine . However , I personally think the fairways between the greens are a bit too long , especially for such a hot climate . Don't they have carts ?
Oh , that's good . I guess the caddies were pleased .
Yes , but look at it this way , getting rid of the carts probably gives more work to local people , which is a good thing , right ?
How awful , poor guy .
Oh , my God , you're kidding me ! He carried him back ?
Can I get you something to drink ?
I guess I could take a break.So , how do you like Denver ?
About six years ...
I manage one of the ski lodges.It ' s a great job , I can spend a lot of my time outdoors , and I also get to ski for free all season .
What are you doing ?
There are no countries marked on the map .
The thing that I find most surprising is that most of the world is covered with water . Compared to the oceans , most countries are tiny .
Rivers have created deep valleys and canyons like the grand can you .
I'm sorry , I'm having a little trouble understanding your accent .
What's your favourite steps ?
How about rumba ?
Really ? You must like tango , right ?
Don't be so modest . I'm sure you can dance it very well . Let's dance it now .
Oh , you dance it so well .
I heard many stories about your brother .
What does he look like ? Is he handsome ?
Do you know that Jack got divorced last month .
Jack always lives by his wits and he cannot support his family .
Why do you look so sad ?
Why not go and see a doctor ?
I'll always remember my college days .
It was one of the best times in my life . It was tough , but I made it . I became a college graduate .
it was a round day for me . My family attend the graduation ceremony . I was so nervous . I couldn't find my cap and gown , but all worked out in the end .
I was planning to attend gradate school , but then I was offered a good job doing marketing , so I changed my mind .
I sure am . So what about you ? How did you feel when you graduated ?
how could it be ?
you didn't have an offer ?
Ashley , what a great dinner party !
Just water would be fine .
Yes , the chicken looks wonderful !
Sure , I love salad !
Yes , I think that rice will go perfectly with my chicken !
How many days do you take off for Easter ?
What will you do for this Easter ?
Mary didn't pass the final exam in physics .
Her parents scolded her severely and she's very depressed now .
John dates her seven times a week .
I think so . Maybe he's fallen for her .
My uncle gave me this bicycle as a birthday present . Look !
I love your bracelet . When did you get it ?
Yeah . It's beautiful . Is it white gold or silver ?
Where did you buy it ?
That's so sweet . What was the occasion ?
You're so lucky . If he bought you something for no special day , I wonder what he would buy you for your birthday .
What do you want ?
Why not a ring ?
But you're ready for everything else ?
Do you like traveling , Kathy ?
Or getting stuck in traffic jams when you ’ re driving .
Hello , Jane !
What are you doing ?
Mumm . no .
What ?
I have no idea what you ’ re talking about . The only sporting event we watch at home is the Super Bowl .
Sounds interesting , but soccer doesn ’ t really appeal to me .
All I know about soccer is that you can ’ t use your hands and that players are always falling down , trying to get a free kick or penalty kick . It seems like a sissy sport to me !
Do you often do exercise ?
OK , and what kind of sports do you usually play ?
You ? Play badminton ? That's unbelievable ! You are shorter than a racket .
Says who ?
Oh , I see .
I'm a real man , and I like football .
Professor , can you help me add your class ?
No , I will have to get an add sheet .
No , I don't know where that is .
I think I can find it .
Thank you for letting me add your class .
Hi , Alice , what are you doing this sunday .
If you are free , maybe you can get having for my birthday party , it should be fun .
Around six pm .
No . thank you . I can handle it , but thanks for the offer .
Did you understand question number three ?
Excuse me , I wonder if you could help me ?
Well , I hate to have to say this , but I'm not happy with my room .
Well , the traffic is very loud . I got no sleep last night .
What's the weather like in your city ?
The summer temperature usually often reaches about 20 or25 in my city . The rain falls mostly in the winter . And we often get snow .
In winter temperature often falls to zero at night temperature can be below that . The streets are often icing in the morning . With high such temperatures you must get some thunderstorms .
We do have a few fog days in winter . But I would not say we have a lot of fogs . The sky are usually clearly in your city , are they ?
Have you ever had snow in your city ?
The river in my city sometime freeze over . People go ice-skating on it . In summer people go boating on the river . But few people go swimming because it is not very clean .
Look ! It's clearing up .
I like summer as long as it's bright like this .
Hello ! Let me introduce myself . My name is Nancy .
No , I just started working here at IBM , I am assigned sale department .
I main market reasearch , and you ?
Really ? I don't believe I would met him , is he here now ?
How do you think should I handle this problem ?
But I'm already in a lot of trouble with my boss .
She's always bothering me . What should I do ?
But she always harps on me .
Well , no one could survive without water , but you see pollution has been making more and more water unable for drinking .
But what are the sources of water pollution ?
Well , direct ones are the pollution directly from factories , refineries waste treatment plants etc . , aren ’ t they ?
But what about the indirect ones ?
I see . For the sake of us all , we should be an active participator in the prevention of it .
Hi , Bill . I saw you yesterday with a pretty girl .
Are you sure she is the right girl ?
What type of girl is she ?
You're right--Italian ! Ha ! Ha ! I was trying to trick you , but you didn't fall for it !
I could give you a few pointers if you want . I know a lot about coffee .
I'm Robert , at your service .
Do you use an anti-virus program to protect your computer ?
How often do you run your anti-virus program ?
Which anti-virus program would you recommend ?
That sounds very good . Which website should I visit to download it ?
What do you use your computer for ?
I like pop music very much .
I said I like pop music very much.It ' s so lovely .
John , you look pale . What happened ?
Did you have something on your mind ? You look so concerned ! Maybe I can help you !
Is there anything I can do for you ?
I know your feeling . Take it easy and say something to me if you like .
You don't look very well .
Is it because of the bad weather ? It's been really miserable for the past tew days .
Not really , but I've got used to it now .
Not quite good . It's windy and dry . We have got continental climate there . It's dry all the year round . Usually autumn is the best season of the year In New York .
You seem to have all the jitters about Jane .
Keep your fingers crossed . She'll bring home the bacon .
Thanks for your help .
Let me know if I can do anything for you .
They are a nice middle-aged couple , just like us .
Of course they are .
Oh , we are the part on the edge of middle . That's all .
Oh , fool ! You're nearly seventy and I'm in the low sixties . Would you like to spend the rest of the afternoon squabbling about this ?
How should we commemorate the centenary of the founding of the university ? We have been given quite a large budget to pay for some events .
Do you think that we should invite alumni and former professors ?
Good idea . We should also hold a series of presentations . We could have presentations on the history of the university , the courses we offer , and our links with other universities .
We could have another on the successes of graduates from here .
That ’ s an excellent idea . Hopefully , we would be able to make a profit ! A few professors and students are writing a book on the history of the university .
A group of students from the art and music faculty are producing a short film .
Your knowledge of English is really surprising .
No , seriously . I'm impressed .
What's your name ?
How are you , Sam ?
Where are you from , Sam ?
What is your job ?
Excuse me , are you Miss Green ?
May I introduce myself ?
I ’ m a new student in the school . My name ’ s John .
Have you considered upgrading your system ?
You could consider adding a painting program to your software . It would allow you to make up your own flyers and banners for advertising .
You might also want to upgrade your hardware because it is pretty outdated now .
You'd probably need a faster processor , to begin with . And you also need a more powerful hard disc , more memory and a faster modem . Do you have a CD-ROM drive ?
Then you might want to add a CD-ROM drive too , because most new software programs are coming out on Cds .
Hoo , I'm getting tired , Jeanine , been a long day .
Yeah , I know . Shop till you drop .
I'm getting a little short on cash . Let's just window shop a little .
Hey , Jeanine , get a load of that . It's beautiful .
You know .. I have a weakness for long dresses .
Sure does . Hey , can I sponge a little cash of you ?
Now darling , I know that we've bought this house together , but it's just going to be far too expensive to decorate it . I think we should sell it .
But we're going to spend so much money in furnishing and decorating . I think we could get a much cheaper place that's already furnished .
Well , only you liked it really , darling .
I am not sure what to do during the holidays , any suggestions ?
The problem is that I find all of them are full of fun . I just don ’ t know what to do first .
Actually , I ’ m interested in all of them . The more choices we have , the harder to make a decision .
There is too much traffic in Taipei these days , I think cars should be banned .
Well , why not use buses or the MET ?
Why not ? There is nothing wrong with our buses and trains .
I want to try my hand at the stocks .
Don ’ t worry . I know there are no pennies from heaven . I will work hard .
What do you think of the new mayor ?
Hello , is this People's Theater ?
Yes , are advance tickets for ' Nut croakers ' still available ?
October 16th .
7:30 p . m . performance , please .
I'd like to reserve two seats at 100 yuan , please .
Du Kun .
Tomorrow .
How do we cancel , just in case ?
All right , thank you very much . Good bye .
Excuse me . In this museum , you are not supposed to take pictures .
Will you give me your camera ? We have to confiscate your film .
We will keep and return it later .
Mary , I've some bad news for you .
Yes . The board was favorably impressed with your application , but the competition was very fierce .
I'm afraid I can't I advise you to try again next year .
How can I lose weight , doctor ? I seem to get fatter even when I just look at food ?
I never eat breakfast though .
I never thought about it that way .
Oh doctor , I feel so foolish .
I am confused . How could a golfer need so many clubs ? Seems to me , 14 altogether , right
Then what makes a ' set ' of clubs ?
So many ?
Have you heard of Tiger Woods ?
Do you remember John from head office ?
Have you heard what happened to him ?
He had his car stolen . Actually he was kidnapped while he was in the car .
Well , apparently , he was just getting into his car-he'd parked it in one of those underground multi-story things-he was just getting in and suddenly three guys with guns opened the back doors of the car and got in .
In Taichung , I think .
Really ? Well , anyway , they pointed their guns at him and said , you know , keep calm and drive out . ... we don't want to hurt you ... we just want your car .
Well , he drove out , and when he got to the booth to pay the attendant , he pretended to have an epileptic fit , you know , to scare the thieves away . The attendant was no help at all , even though the guys were holding guns in plain view , he did nothing .
Yes , makes you think , doesn't it ?
Well , he kept on pretending to have a fit , so they freaked out and just ran away .
Are you a newcomer ?
You speak good English , though .
But let me tell you , you're doing just fine . I couldn't do half as well as you do when I was learning German . By the way , how long have you been learning English ?
Do you still see the people we went to school with ?
Yeah , I've lost touch with most people as well , but I still see Rose occasionally .
OK , I suppose , but she's had a rough time in the last few years , She got divorced .
I hear that Helen does not relate very well to her husband .
At last ! The weekend comes again !
After five days ' hard work , I'm surely going to have some fun .
Bill , I must tell you the truth . You failed the English exam again .
Haha . April Fool's ! Did you forget what day it is today ?
Did you have a good holiday ?
How are you doing ?
What movies have you seen lately ?
What type of movie is that ?
I can't believe you are watching movies . The weather is great . You should be outside .
What else do you like to do besides watching movies ?
Out of those what is your favorite ?
What is your favorite computer game ?
If you like to play so much , when do you ever exercise ?
That's pretty good . By the way , what are you doing next Saturday ?
I am having a party Saturday night at my house . If you have time , you should come .
Great . I'll see you on Saturday .
Thanks a lot for having us . We had a good time .
Thanks . By the way , tell your wife she throws a great party .
Mike , these flowers are just gorgeous .
I can ’ t thank you enough . I ’ m really touched . I don ’ t know what to say .
Shall we sing with a karaoke ?
For us , karaoke is becoming a popular entertainment .
I can not agree with you more . And if you are an awful one , that will be funny .
Is that true ? Shall we invite him to join with us ?
I'm afraid I can't complete my paper on time .
I keep on meeting with difficulties in the experiment . I can hardly go on .
Have you heard Jenny divorced her French husband ?
Yes . They used to be joined at the hip .
That ’ s true . She said they often argued over nickel-and-dime things .
You said it . You know , they fell in love at the first sight and quickly jumped into marriage .
Where do you usually do your shopping , Mrs . Lane ?
How do you find the prices there ?
I see you have bought some coffee . Would you mind telling me how much you paid for it ?
Hello , what can I do for you ?
How long will you stay with the host family ?
Usually the host family prepares at least two meals a day for you .
I cannot understand why she always helps and supports her brother .
Because he is often in trouble .
Did you find what you were looking for ?
Okay , let's both look for it now .
I think I'm going to China this vacation.How about you ?
I went to France last summer .
Jenny , I was wondering if you , um ... are you busy this Friday ?
Oh . What about Saturday ? Are you free then ?
What about tonight ? Do you have plans tonight ?
Yes ! Yes ! I want to take you to dinner .
There's a typhoon coming .
Do you want to go out for dinner tonight ?
I'm starving , so maybe we could go somewhere with large portions .
I'm not really in the mood for Italian , actually . I was thinking of something a bit spicy .
I really like that restaurant ; you get a lot for your money there . But , they've westernized their food , so it's not actually that spicy .
The Taj ? They're a bit expensive , but they do serve large portions of very hot food .
Shall we bring our own bottle of wine to save some money ?
That's right . It'll probably work out to be about the same then anyway .
Are you sure ? We could go Dutch .
Hello Martin . Have you been to any events yet ?
Oh wow . How was it ?
Oh I still haven ’ t managed to get any tickets . I ’ d love to see something though .
Hi ! Dear ! I'm waiting for you .
You know , although we've chatted twice , I've been thinking of you already .
& you ?
Oh , thanks . I wanna see the real you .
OK ! Before that I'll take this one as you .
Cute , like you .
Me too . Send you a kiss ...
Hello .
How are you ?
Good . Do you speak English ?
Yes .
I'm from California .
Did you hear what she said to me ?
What do you think I should do about it ?
How many persons are there in your family ?
Do you live together ?
Do you often go back to see your parents .
Ben always appears rude to the people around him .
I'm glad to have had the opportunity to meet you here .
I'm doing great , thank you .
What do you think of the Olympic motto ' Higher , faster and stronger ' ?
Why ? In my opinion , it doesn't matter whether you won or not . The most important thing is participation .
So Chris , I've heard that you're from a big family . How many people ?
Seven children ? That's a lot . Why did your parents have so many ?
Jeez , seven children . That must have a lot of problems . We have four children in my family and my grandparents can never get our names right .
Like what ? I assume that there's no privacy .
And the age gap is also annoying . There's a ten-year difference between my younger brother and me . We have nothing in common .
John , if you don't mind , I'd like to ask you a personal question .
All right.Are you married ?
Then , when do you plan to get married ?
Miss Fallen , can you tell me why you want to get a visa to the States ?
And do you have the Letter of Acceptance from the University with you ?
Thank you very much . And do you have any proof of the financial support for the three years ?
Could I see that , please ?
Thanks very much . Well , I'll be able to give you a visa for one year , a student visa , that is .
Yes , it is a three-year , but you can renew the visa each year in the States . It is our usual procedure .
It's a lovely day out today , isn't it ?
What's the weather forecast for tomorrow ?
That doesn't sound pretty .
Well , I was going to drive to Birmingham to see some friends .
I suppose I should . I don't like driving in dangerous weather conditions . Do you have any plans for tomorrow ?
If you're lucky , it'll get cancelled and you can have a snow day !
That sounds like fun .
Is there a city where it's always warm ?
Are there any other cities where it's always hot ?
But why do so many people live there ?
Are there any cities where it rains a lot ?
Tell us about some cold cities .
Is it always cold in Chicago and Boston ?
Mark , you are not telling me the truth . Now why ?
Yes , all right . So why ? Go on then . Say it . Oh , really , Mark . I promise I'm not going to be angry . Now why were you late ?
You forgot ? You ...
Long time no see !
It's nice to see you again . Have you changed jobs ?
That's nice . Where have you been ?
Are you busy now ?
How about a coffee in that cafe ?
I'm really fed up with Larry ! He's the biggest airhead I've ever met.He always makes careless mistakes , and he's a pain to work with .
You only say that because you don't have to work with him.The people in your department seem so capable and nice to be around.Take Mary for example.She ' s smart and enthusiastic . I've never met anyone as cheery as she is .
Isn't there anyone in the office that is a perfect co-worker ? What about Bob ? Everybody loves Bob.Even though he's flesh out of college and still a bit green , he is a great co-worker .
You look pale recently .
Take good care of yourself .
Watch your step . There's a hole in the sidewalk .
I hear little Bob has recovered .
The operation was very successful .
I can ’ t believe that Anthony is finally getting married !
Don ’ t be mean . Look here come the bridesmaids ! Their dresses look beautiful !
That ’ s the flower girl and the ring bearer . I ’ m pretty sure they ’ re the groom ’ s niece and nephew.Oh , they look so cute !
That ’ s all you ever think about , food ! Oh , I think the bride ’ s coming now ! She looks gorgeous.Wait , what ’ s she doing ? Where ’ s she going ?
Hello everyone , and welcome to our CPR for beginners course.First of all , does anyone know what CPR stands for ?
That ’ s right ! We apply CPR in the case of cardiac arrest or pulmonary arrest .
Well , basically if your heart stops pumping blood , or your lungs stop pumping air , then we need to get them going again ! That ’ s when we have to apply this procedure . Let ’ s begin ! I need a volunteer .
Alright , come here and lay flat on your back . Let ’ s suppose this young woman has stopped breathing . We must lift the person ’ s chin so that we clear a pathway for air to get into the lungs . Then we place our mouth over the other person ’ s mouth and blow air two or three times , like this .
Madam I ’ m not trying to kiss you ! I am trying to demonstrate how to apply CPR in the case of an emergency .
As I was saying , we blow air through the mouth in this manner . Once this is done , we must try to get the heart going again . To do this , we place our hands over the person ’ s chest , and press down firmly two or three times .
You ’ re not going to believe what happened today . You ’ Ve got to promise to keep it to yourself .
Today Mr . Leo threw Sally out of class !
I ’ ll say . I knew Sally would finally show her true colors . When she got her final test results back from Mr . Leo , she started yelling at him . You should have heard her . I ’ Ve never seen anyone get so upset before . To make a long story short , it seems that Mr . Leo failed her because he caught her cheating .
This is my uncle , Charles .
He's a captain .
OH , This is the famous Emperor Palace building .
Would you like to go to the top ?
I really should be on my way .
No , thanks all the same .
Thank you very much . I really had a good time .
So see you .
Hi , how ’ re you doing ?
Oh , what ’ s the matter ?
Oh , that ’ s too bad . Why don ’ t you take some aspirin ?
Well , it ’ s necessary for you to see a doctor .
Well , you ’ d better get some rest .
Valerie ! Hi ! Wow how have you been ? It ’ s been such a long time !
Really ? Thanks ! I went to that hair salon that you told me about , but enough about me ! Look at you ! You haven ’ t aged a day since the last time I saw you ! What is your secret !
Yes , my little Paul is finally a doctor . They grow up so fast you know .
Thank you ! What about your daughter , Pamela ? I heard she has passed the bar exam and married recently .
Such a lovely girl . I hope my Paul is lucky enough to find a girl like that someday !
Same here ! We will catch up soon , maybe over coffee !
I need help preparing for my presentation on Friday .
Are you sure you have the time ?
What would be the best time for you to help me ?
Should we just meet here ?
I'll see you then .
I'm so angry . I feel like killing someone .
Let me see . How much should I pay for you ?
No , this will not do . Let me see .
Do you know that John isn't going to come back to our school ?
He had moved and held a party on July 1st .
Even he's not coming back to school anymore , you still can call him and meet him on weekends .
I went to Rotes ’ , you know , Edith Roth is the author of a book about moths .
I ’ m so thirsty .
No . Edith didn ’ t give anything to drink .
How long will it take us to drive to London ?
That ’ s unless there is a traffic jam . It could take three hours .
So , shall we allow three hours to cover the distance ?
No . let me take a look ... It ’ s longer than my car .
Wow ! That ’ s fast ! I don ’ t think we will be traveling that fast on the motorway .
I ’ m Miss Sherman . What seems to be the problem ?
That ’ s true . For the Junior Executive Room ... three nights ... yes , your bill should be $ 1,500
The advertised rate is based on double occupancy .
Are you quite sure ?
I see . I had no idea our advertising was so misleading . It is here , but it ’ s in the fine print on the last page .
Normally I couldn ’ t do that . But under the circumstances , I ’ ll see what I can arrange.Customer satisfaction is our primary aim .
I wish I knew who had moved our flower pots .
What did you think you were doing ?
How dare you be so inconsiderate ? That's wrong .
Never do that again .
Is anything the matter , sir ?
What's wrong with it , sir ?
I am sorry you didn't enjoy it , sir . I will return it to the kitchen and bring you one that is well cooked . How is your steak this time , sir ?
I am glad you enjoy it . I will tell this to the chef . Would you like some more beer ?
Can I bring you some dessert ?
How about some coffee or tea then ?
Joanne , let ’ s not make this divorce any more acrimonious than it already is , okay ? Let ’ s just get down to business and start dividing this stuff up fairly , so we can go our separate ways , alright ?
What was that ?
Let ’ s not go there , Joanne ! Ok , so let ’ s start with the record collection , I ’ ll take the albums I contributed and you can have your cheesy disco albums back .
I believe that was a wedding present to both of us , Joanne . And you hardly ever use it !
Whatever ! Alright , I ’ ll concede the silly gramophone , if you ’ ll agree that I get the silver tea set .
Which ones ? Let me have a look.Wow , look at that ! That brings back memories ... That ?
... and you looked so adorable with your hair all wet . I had to take a picture of you standing there in that little alley , smiling and laughing in the rain ...
Oh , Joanne , are we making a big mistake ? I know our relationship has been on the rocks for sometime but are you sure we can ’ t reconcile and try again ? I still love you .
Hi ! Ed , what's up ?
Doesn't look like it to me .
Woo , easy .
What are you so ticked off about ?
Maybe I can help .
You've got to be joking .
Can I help you ?
These books over here are about ancient history . They might be helpful .
I ’ m sorry . It ’ s for reference only , so it must stay in the library . But you ’ re welcome to look through it .
All right . They ’ re due back next Wednesday .
Do you think you will ever work at that company again ?
Are there any seats left for Saturday night ?
I suppose there's nothing cheaper , is there ?
Hi , do you have any tickets for the show tonight ?
Well , do you have any for tomorrow ?
Ok . I ’ ll take it .
Do you have anything in the middle section ? I want a good view , but sitting too close hurts my eyes .
Jenny , I want to go on a picnic . Could you come too ?
Then , put on your casual clothes and pack some food and beverages .
Sure . Bring enough films , please .
You ’ re going to set up your own law office , aren ’ t you ?
If you need help , don ’ t hesitate to ask me .
I ’ d like to wish you every success in your new venture .
I can look anybody in the face because I ’ Ve done nothing to make me feel guilty or something .
Can I help you ?
These books over here are about ancient history . They might be helpful .
I ’ m sorry . It ’ s for reference only , so it must stay in the library . But you ’ re welcome to look through it .
All right . They ’ re due back next Wednesday .
Do you have much experience with kids ?
To tell you the truth , sometimes I regret having a baby so early . I have been making so many sacrifices just because my husband insisted on keeping the baby .
What about your mother ? Did she help you ?
I see . So if my little family goes to America , I would end up taking care of my child all the time . My husband would have to make the bread for us . I just don ’ t know how I would get some education and be able to get a job some day .
Sounds not so easy to me . When that happens , I will be too old to learn .
Now I know why I split up with Mike . We found we were simply not good for each other .
Well , he is a typical Sagittarius guy , while I am a Cancer . We aren't really compatible
What's strange about that ! As a person born under the sign of Cancer , I am home-loving and wish for a peaceful family life . But according to astrology , Sagittarius guys are too adventurous and risk-taking.They seldom think of leading a settled and peaceful life .
But in my case , the fact matches the theory . Mike is humorous , energetic , always as fresh as a daisy , but probably too ambitious . It frightens me !
What does your father do ?
What about your mother ?
When is your birthday ?
Do you usually have a birthday party ?
What would you do at the party ?
Do you know when people began to sing the song " Happy Birthday " ?
Let me tell you the story.In 1892 , Patty Smith Hill and Mildred Hill wrote a song called ' Good Morning to you ' . But later someone added the words ' Happy Birthday ' to their tune .
Wow ! Look at all these books ! I bet I can find a book about anything here !
Ok , I'm sorry . Are you the librarian ? Maybe you can help me , I am looking for a book .
I am looking for a book that has nursery rhymes .
Ok , I would like to check out these books .
No . How do I get one ?
Here you go .
So will you come to work with us ?
We'll have to negotiate that . It's a possibility .
Don't push your luck , Dave .
Kim ! I'm here ! I brought all my old maternity clothes plus Dave and Alice's baby clothes !
Believe me , the time will fly by ! Before you know it , you'll be changing diapers ! You have to start preparing !
You got a letter in the mail .
What is it ?
What does it say ?
Are you serious ?
Good for you !
I ’ m so proud of you .
DO you have any plan for your future ?
Many people are striving for going abroad nowadays.It seems to be a trend .
Too bad you missed Jane's performance .
I went shopping without my umbrella yesterday morning .
So did I . that's why I didn't take my umbrella . I got cold in the rain in the afternoon . It was raining cats and dogs .
We really have some movable weather sometime . I wish I would live somewhere which were sunning all year round .
I guess you are right . Maybe I just wish the weather could be a little more predictable .
Your garden is looking beautiful this summer . The flowers are really colorful .
Yes , I do . Those are violets , aren ’ t they ?
The lower branches on that tree are hanging very low . Would you like me to cut them off for you ?
When the lower branches are removed , you ’ ll be able to sit under the tree .
You're late .
My phone ?
Really ? I had no idea . Let me check.Yes , it's dead . There's no dial tone .
But this is terrible . I'm expecting important calls .
You know what.The theater guild is supposed to call me and discuss a contract for my play.They are supposed to call me this evening.If I don't have a phone . Oh , what can I do ?
Do you have a cell phone ?
Can you drive me ? I will go to Ann's house . It isn't far . I can call the theater guild from there and give them her number.She will let us wait in her living room .
Yes , I do.At Ann's house I will call the phone company and have them check my line.If they can fix it right away without coming to my house , then we'll just return here.But if not , I need to wait at Ann's house to talk with the theater guild.It ' s very important to me .
Linda , would you care for some candies or cookies ?
You are not really chubby . You are actually thin enough .
So you are watching your weight , aren't you ?
I've come to say goodbye .
I'm catching the 11:00 train .
I wonder if we can change to Channel 26 .
A lecture on how to make stir-fried ginger beef , not the boxing you like .
What happened to your brother ?
Your parents must be worrying about him .
Have you talked to him ?
Are you having a good time ?
Really ? Come on , I'll introduce them to you .
This is the first time for me to have a Chinese guest . I hope you like western cooking .
Cooking is a hobby with me . I'm always trying to think up new recipes . I hope you like the soup . It's kind of a specialty of mine , so I hope you enjoy it .
Thank you for your compliment.Won ' t you try this fish with white sauce ? I'm rather round of it .
What sort of western food do you like best ?
I find the Chinese dishes wonderful .
I am not sure how to add a class .
I'll bring one next time .
I think I know where it is .
Thank you for your directions . It's clear .
That's great . Thank you so much .
Is the environment a big issues in your country ? It is in mine .
What methods do you use to conserve water ?
I see . I think the biggest environment problem in my country is air pollution .
We have reduced emission of air pollutants in recent years , but cars are still a major source of them . Factories have become cleaner as stricter environment pollution law have been introduced .
Ms Anderson , my name is Mike . I am Division Chief of ABC Company . Welcome to Toronto .
A pleasure meeting you as well , the flowers are for you .
hello , Jason , there is going to be a screening of Final Destination 3 at our campus cinema tomorrow . I plan to go to see it .
yeah , I love horror movies . Would you like to go with me tomorrow ?
that's funny , I didn't know a big fellow like you could be so soft and timid on the inside .
alright , all joking aside , what kinds of moves do you like ?
that is to say , you like all genres except for horror movies .
not quite . I also greatly enjoy romance and comedy .
really ? I haven't heard of it .
Good evening.Welcome to our program .
Would you tell us your name , please ?
Glad to meet you , Ms.Baker .
Where are you from , Ms.Baker ?
What do you do for a living ?
Congratulations on the new house !
Well , you guys worked hard for it . It's really beautiful .
You married Joe , didn't you ?
I remember you are in love .
Looks like a good party , I probably know about half the people .
Where ?
I don ’ t know . Never saw him before . Why ?
All the soldiers in that country are armed to the teeth .
What ’ s the matter , BOB ?
What happened ?
Can you stand ?
what I have to give you a hospital for an ex-treat .
What a brilliant smile !
He must be very easy-going .
Which season do you like best ?
I prefer summer , especially the summer evenings . When the sun comes down , it is so nice to take a walk and breathe . After a rain shower , the smell of the air is refreshing . It is also a best reason for ice-cream .
Hi , Betty ! Where's your boyfriend ?
Guess what ? Paul and Susan are engaged .
A week ago ? They met last summer and now just sink . They will be married soon .
Hello , Mary . How are you ?
When were you born may I ask ?
Do you know what it was according to the lunar calendar ?
By the way , could you tell me when the film will begin ?
I am afraid I can't be there on time .
When the rain stops , you ’ ll see how beautiful the beach is .
And this bedroom is too big and damp . But it ’ s better than a tent .
Hi , Sue . What's up ?
Ok , I guess . My boss has been on my back recently .
You know , just giving me lots to do . I'm really busy right now .
So Kim , have you ever had anything stolen ?
My uncle just had his motorcycle stolen a few nights ago . I was just thinking about how clever criminals are these days .
I don ’ t know . The ones who stole my uncle ’ s motorcycle were pretty good .
He did . It was one of the best ones available . But that didn ’ t stop them from disabling it . And on a crowded street too .
You would think that people would be smart enough to stop something like that . No one knew his motorcycle was being stolen . The thieves came in a truck and convinced everybody that my uncle was parked illegally and they were there to tow it away .
Would you and your wife care to come to our place and have tea with us some afternoon ?
How about tomorrow afternoon ?
A friend of mine has been taking an online career planning course these days . He told me the other day he has learned a lot from it . He recommended me to subscribe to it . What do you say ?
Well , just something in general , like several key steps in planning career and how to set specific and tenable goals .
Making a decision to start over is not an easy thing to do . It seems that you need this course more than I do . I love my current job . If I take this course , I hope to learn some tricks to get myself more organized at work . If they can give suggestions about how to boost work relationships , that will be great . I need these to improve my current work performance .
Would you like any toast , dear ?
Toast , dear ?
Would you like any tea , dear ?
Oh , you ’ re not listening to me .
May I help you ?
The copier is right over there , in the corner .
You have to pay to use the copier .
You need to pay ten cents for every copy .
You can make as many copies as you want .
There are instructions posted on the copier .
You seem to be very tired .
Why don't you join us to go out for a walk ?
Simon , may I introduce you to Linda ? You don ’ t know each other , do you ?
How do you do ? I ’ m pleased to meet you .
Please sit down . Help yourself just like you are at home .
So , what do you think ? How do you like New York ?
Yeah . I really like the stores and the shopping .
But the traffic is pretty bad .
Listen , it's almost dinnertime.There are lots of restaurant around here.What do you want to try ? Italian ? Greek ? Japanese ? Thai ?
I have been very busy this year , working late , often taking work home and taking no vacation . I feel exhausted .
What's that ?
For me ?
Wow ! It's big ! What could it be ?
What would you like to drink ?
You seem depressed these days . What's the matter ?
If I can do anything for you , don't hesitate to let me know .
Good luck . I've got class in a few minutes .
Hi , Natasha , how's life ?
Oh , you must be very happy . How many people are there in your family ?
I have a small family . They are my parents , my younger brother and me .
Yes , it did . But my parents are ethnic minority people . It's a preferential policy for an ethnic minority family to have two children .
The child must feel very longly . My younger brother is 10 years younger than me . Before he was born , I used to be the only child and always dreamed that I would have a younger sister or brother one day .
Yes , we are very close . He is 12 years old now and very smart . He always makes us laugh a lot .
Don't you think it might be a good idea to hold the party outside ?
How about going to a concert ?
Every year , the South has the floods . It is an act of God .
Yeah , you have some other ideas ?
For example ?
Good morning , Mary !
I want to have a few friends over for a dinner party to celebrate my birthday . Would you be able to come the next weekend on Saturday ?
Yes , if that's all right for you .
Oh , good . If you could come around six thirty or seven o'clock , that would give us some time to chat a whit over a glass of wine before dinner .
Bye , mom !
OK . Bye !
Alright . See ya !
Ok , see you after school ...
Mom ?
Jane , pleases come with us .
Just for fun , not for showing . What do you worry about ?
Who is your favorite music composer ?
Then you must despise such modern music as rock ?
It's a lovely day , isn't it ?
Is she American ?
So I take it you two are hitting it off ? I know it's very convenient to be in a relationship with your neighbor , but what if you break up ?
Sounds like you've got some competition . You made a move already ?
That's nice . Having been here a little while surely gives you the advantage , eh ?
Good luck !
Do you think you'll get the project ?
I see.After all , he's boss's son .
Are you feeling better today , Bill ?
You ’ d better give up smoking . It ’ s bad for your health .
But you should make up your mind first .
Why don ’ t you go to bed early and get up early ? You ’ ll have the same time for work .
Oh !
To think of it ! All my old silver ! It meant so much to me .
What's so terrible too , is the fools we've made of ourselves .
I'll never get over it . Oh , Harry , it was all so unnecessary . That man ! ! How could he do this to us after we'd put him up ?
I just saw Something About Mary last night . It was hilarious .
What do you mean sick ? It was really funny , don't you think ?
Why not ?
It wasn't a dirty movie . There wasn't even any nudity .
Oh , you are too conservative . It's just realistic .
Do you know how to go to the Fragrant Hills in Beijing ? I heard that they are very famous in China .
That must be very beautiful .
Really ? Have you ever been there ?
Can you go there with me ? I'd like someone who is familiar with that area to go with me .
Have you heard that Tom and his wife divorced ?
Really ? Say it !
Yeah , quite right . Gambling broke up a happy family .
Besides that , many people took to gambling and got in over their heads , and gradually ruined themselves .
Professor , could I make an appointment with you ?
Two o'clock would be the best time .
No , I'm not sure .
I see .
I'll see you then .
Have you gone bowling before ?
There are 10 frames in a bowling game . Each player is allowed to bowl two balls in each frame .
' Round ' and ' frame ' are two different terms .
I'm told Cold Blood just finished its last cut .
Hectic . It's always hectic . But how was your windsurfing ?
See ? I told you . It's very hard .
Fifty times ?
And how much did it cost to rent it ?
Well , that's not too bad then .
How's your girlfriend ?
How are you tonight , sir ?
I know what you mean . What can I get for you ?
One screwdriver , coming right up . ( He mixes the drink . ) Here you are , sir .
I think you should look over these figures again . There are some calculations that are a bit off .
Apology is accepted . Try to do better next time .
You didn ’ t show up in the morning meeting . What ’ s up ?
But you still look a little bit tired . What time did you leave ?
That ’ s normal after a tense work evening . Working overtime is not always a pleasant experience for me either . Once , I worked overtime everyday for a whole week including the weekend . That really broke my rhythm and I got a little sick later .
Hi ! It's still seven o'clock . Are you crazy ?
Every time when you glimpse some stylish clothes , you change into another person .
No wonder you are named shopaholic .
What's wrong , Bob ?
Of course , I will .
How do I look in this new dress ?
How about this one ?
They must be your parents , what do they do ?
Do they often take you out ?
You did well on the math test .
Don ’ t you always fail in the math tests ?
Huh ? You mean you snuck a peek at his test ?
I can't decide whether to go to university or to get a job .
But I don't even know what to study .
That's what my parents want me to do .
But if you go to university , you'll still have time for fun .
And if you try to find a part-time job , you'll have some money too .
Well , I can ’ t believe your uncle and aunt came to stay with us for a week , and they did not even call us in advance .
I know , but it is hard for me to get used to your relatives coming to visit us , and without warning .
Yes , but Americans never visit without calling in advance , and they almost never stay overnight .
I want to buy two tickets for tonight's concert .
Ordinary one , please .
I think they are too far from the stage . I want two in row 6 .
Is this watch yours ?
Let me have a look . It's mine . I have been looking for it , but just cannot find it . It's present from my father .
Who are we going to play with today ?
Oh , the basketball team from No . 1 College ? I know they're a tough team .
Who's winning ?
Really ? I thought that they'd been killing us by now .
Are you a smoker ?
Would you describe yourself as being a heavy smoker ?
When did you begin to smoke ?
Might I ask if you have tried to give up smoking ?
How about the hiking ? It was freezing yesterday , are you all ok ?
You had been walking for 6 hours , isn ’ t that boring ?
You know them ?
Here we are , Ryan ! This is where we're going to celebrate !
You won't need it . Stanley , my best man , is going to treat everybody !
If it were up to Stanley , we'd have the wedding in the ETV ! He loves to sing .
What a nice dress , Jean.You look marvelous !
From the Crown's . Oh , what lovely earrings you have ! Are they diamond ?
Well , you are lucky to have such a considerate husband . Mine hasn't brought me a single rose since we married .
She's chic , isn't she ?
It makes me feel rather shabby . That woman has a good taste in dressing , I would say .
Most women follow fashion like sheep.They don't know any better than imitate .
The gown is quite expensive , believe me .
You know those upstarts . They're all show-offs ! I think I'd better have a diet ; otherwise I'd look like a ballon soon .
Thanks . I'm flattered .
Whoa , whoa , what ’ s going on ? Watch out !
Oh , no ! I ’ m so sorry ! Are you all right ?
I feel terrible , I really didn ’ t mean to knock you over . My tire , just exploded , and I lost control of my bike . Really , it was an accident . Please accept my apologies .
Yeah , I think we have met somewhere before . That ’ s right ! We met at Aaron ’ s place last weekend ! What a coincidence ! But anyway , I ’ m glad to see that you ’ re not too badly hurt , and I should probably get going . I have a nine o ’ clock meeting .
Hello , james . Come in . go through to the living room .
I told you that I had been saving up money to buy some new furniture and do some redecorating . I finally saved enough and did everything at once .
Do you like my carpet ? Be honest ! Tell me what you really think .
Oh , you are out of breath ! What ’ s happened ?
That it easy.They get caught before they come here .
People of different races are fit for quite different sports . For instance , Asians are especially good fattable tennis , badminton , diving and shooting . They seem to have been born with certain natural endowments in technical sports , in which flexibility , agility and quick reflexes are favorable .
Yes , in all these four sports . the Chinese Olympic dream teams led the way . They swept the floor against their opponents in table tennis and diving .
I think they are in a better position in those sports that demand a high degree of intensity , speed and explosive force like swimming , field games , etc .
It's common sense that African athletes always make a clean sweep in track events , middle or long distance races , relays , hurdles , barriers , and marathon .
This man looks very handsome.Is he married ?
Oh , I can't believe it.He looks very young .
We seem to be lost here .
I suggest that we go and ask for help from the policeman .
It's crunch time , isn't it ? I wasn't nervous before the meeting , but now I am .
It would help to bring in a couple more troubleshooters .
Do you think we'll make it ?
Here is the song list .
Yes , here you are .
Let me play it for you .
It's very easy . Here it is . Ready ? Excellent ! You are a good singer . You sing the bass so well .
I'll sing a Chinese folk song Love song of Hanging , first in Chinese then in English .
What ’ s the plot of your new movie ?
Did you enjoy making the movie ? We heard stories of disagreement with other actors and with the director .
Critics are not very happy with the movies that you ’ Ve made recently . Does that bother you ?
Did you do you own stunts in the movie ?
Thank you very much for doing this interview .
It looks like our company trip will have to be canceled because of the typhoon .
I'd like to meet you again sometime .
Anytime . You can reach me at 5558929 .
Fine .
Do you mind if I ask you to practice speaking English with me ?
Well , I'm meeting some American friends next weekend .
have you ever thought about your ideal home ?
what would it be like ?
how many rooms would it have ?
how many bedrooms would your dream home have ?
how would you decorate your house ?
how many TVs would your dream home have ?
Have you ever made any plan for your future ?
Not me . I'd like to be a bachelor forever .
The Mountains would be a great place for the company retreat .
I have chosen January as the month for this retreat .
Yes , maybe another choice might be better .
Thank you for thinking of that .
That is a good idea .
Susan has got married .
Her marriage was a hole and corner affair .
I'd love that . I'm so glad I quit . It's time for a change .
Yes . I'm looking for a position as a chef .
I'm sure you have great connections .
Really ? You have that much faith in me ? And Giovanni agreed to it ? Does he know who I am ?
He's prejudiced , isn't he ?
Ah ! I know a way to convince him that Americans can make good Italian food !
I just got sacked .
What do you do in your spare time ?
What kind of music do you like ?
Hi , how is it going ?
That ’ s right . I ’ Ve never really liked it since I got here .
What a surprise meeting you here , Landy .
It ’ s a small world , isn ’ t it ?
Can we sit on the grass , darling ?
Look , darling ! I can see a bench near that tree .
It's not raining , darling . The bench isn't wet .
Yes , I can .
Do you have any year-end benefits ?
I just saw a piece of news , that a group of white color workers hold a flour war in the office because of dissatisfaction of the year-end benefits .
They got rice , flour and oil as presents , while the leadership got 1000 yuan shopping card .
It is said that the presents they got value less than 200 yuan , and it is no use for them at all , because they don't cook by themselves .
Now , David , can I get you a drink ? What will you have ?
What about you , Mary ?
Hey ! I have a surprise for you .
Open this card and read .
Have you heard we'll have a pay rise ?
It's a pity , but why ?
Shall we go for a drive today ?
Maybe you're right .
How do you like this waltz ?
Well , then , may I invite you for the first dance ?
Me ? Oh , no . In fact , I only took up dancing quite recently .
I'm glad you say so . You dance beautifully too . It's lucky that I got you as a partner .
Yes . And what dances do you like best ?
Oh , well , the music has stopped . Thank you for the dance .
Are you sure it was him ?
You're a nurse at New York General Hospital ?
Maybe he was just visiting someone .
Jason , it's your turn .
You rolled a four . Let's see ... you landed on Foreign Films .
Well , too bad . So , what foreign film won an Oscar in 1993 ?
I'm leaving now , mum .
I will.Bye - bye !
You hoo , anybody here ?
Hi , Rock Sam ! Hey , I am surprised to see you doing so well .
No way . Alisan Darling just got hitched in Vagas .
Darling found out he was having a fling , and one new girl found out about Darling she dumped him too .
Ya . And now I can break this to you . Fanny is moving .
Well I have to go , Rock Sam . You take it easy , OK .
When do we get off the bus ?
I feel like we've been on this bus forever .
Are you sure we weren't supposed to get off already ?
I thought you knew where we get off at .
Seriously ?
That's the last time I get on a bus with you .
I'm afraid it's a bad news for you . There are some problems in your supervised goods .
I overheard this information when I passed Arden's office . We got some complaints from consumers yesterday . I am terribly sorry for that .
Calm down ! It is useless to act like that . Can we find some solutions ?
But we still have to find one . Can we find Arden to check whether this is true or not ?
Then I'll have to borrow it .
Why ? It's in mint condition !
You're going to re-sell it on eBay Taiwan ?
Hello , ABC Company . Can I help you ?
Can you name some courses you completed ?
Am I allowed to check out at 14:00 ?
Will there be any late charge ?
There's going to be a highway here .
The traffic problem will soon be eased .
Excuse me , sir ?
I'm afraid you can't smoke here .
Can't you see the notes here ?
It says ' No smoking ' .
Fred , have you made the plan for April 28th ?
You go !
I would suggest roast beef , sir .
We have clear and cream soup at your choice.Which one do you prefer ?
Good . There is the information desk . How do we get to seventieth street , please ?
How much is it ?
Which way do we go for the northern line ?
I appreciate it , thank you .
How do I set up an email account ?
Which link ?
Oh , no . What did I do ? It ’ s asking me for a password .
Yes .
Oh , I see .
Excuse me . But are you Mrs . Smith from America ?
Yes . Nice to meet you , Mrs Smith .
Do you have any particular conditions that you would like our firm to take into consideration ?
No problem . We can offer you a flat with two bedrooms and a living room .
You ’ ll get bonuses at the end of each year according to your achievements . Besides , we offer you 1 % commission on all your sales .
You can have Saturdays and Sundays off . In addition , you may have a paid month vacation every year . But when it is necessary , we do expect you to work overtime . Does it suit you ?
If you are satisfied with the conditions here , please sign this contract and give it to me .
And how will you be paying for your room , Ms White ?
Both rooms on the same card ?
Your card number please ?
Double one , zero two ?
4434 1234 5678 9902 ?
And the expiry date ?
Could you repeat that please ?
Thank you . I've booked two rooms for Ms White and Mr Webber from Wednesday the 25th to Saturday the 28th of September .
You're welcome . We'll see you on the 25th , Ms White .
Hello , room service . Can I help you ?
We are sorry for the delay , ma ’ am . Could you hold the line , please ? I ’ ll check your order .
Your order is ready . It ’ s on the way to your room . We ’ re very sorry to have you waiting , Ma ’ am .
May I help you ?
I hope you will ! Take your time . We have a lot more upstairs .
Come here ! I can see the tall camphor trees from here .
This is a great botanical garden in the city .
Yeah , I agree.It makes you feel really good .
Do you mean the red flowers ? They are peony flowers ?
Yes , you like them very much . right ?
I can help you with it
Good evening , Mr . Frank . Bourbon on the rocks ?
What about Mao Tai , one of the most famous liquors in China ? It's good indeed . It never goes to the head .
Some do , some don't . Many people in the North are fond of liquors . I think it has something to do with the climate .
Yes , it's a very well-known kind of spirits in Mexico . People drink it with salt and lemon .
Yes , besides Mao Tai , we have Wu Liang Ye , Fen Jim and so on .
It's rice wine , a kind of still wine , somewhat like Japanese Sake . Showing is a city in China .
By the way , we also have some good red wine and white wine , such as Great Wall White Wine .
I would like to make a reservation for tomorrow .
Well , how about 4th ?
Hello , this is Francis from XYZ Company . I would like to discuss with you about a new project some time next week . Do you have time to meet ?
Ok .
It is ok with me . So I will be arriving at your office around two fifteen PM .
A woman after my own heart ...
Well , step two is grinding the coffee beans . I've roasted three different types of beans .
Yep , my own special blend ! You can tell by just smelling them ?
Morning , Mom .
No , I'm fine . I don't need to see a doctor .
OK . I'll go see the doctor .
Chicken soup again ?
Would you please make a skirt for me with this material please ?
I like miniskirt .
When can I get it ?
Thank you , see you then .
Hey , Jim . Wake up !
You'd better get up or you'll be late .
Yes , It has . It went off 30 minutes ago .
Rise and shine , sleepyhead .
May I have my bill , please ?
Well , I am afraid you have made a mistake . Would you check it again , please ?
Mm ... How do I get this ticket machine to work ?
Ok , I ’ Ve done that .
Oh it ’ s printed the ticket already . Thank you very much .
So how long do you plan to live here ?
Fine by me . Do you know how to read this kind of contract ?
Great . When in Rome , you guys know what to do .
After probation , you'll find that our silk products feels more comfortable than others .
It's selling like hot cakes , and we have lots of regulars now . Would you like to place a trial order ?
Yes , we have the free samples for customers . And you can have a try .
Please wait a moment and fill out the order form . And we'll send you our sample .
Is this watch yours ?
Let me have a look . It's mine . I have been looking for it , but just cannot find it . It's present from my father .
What would you like for your main course ?
How would you like your steak ? Rare , medium-rare or well-done ?
Shall we have some soup first ?
Ok , and what about the main course ? Which would you rather have fish or meat ?
Don't you like fish then ?
Shall we have some white wine then ?
What would you like for dessert ?
Fine , and after dinner , shall we go to a disco ?
I'm calling to ask about your apartment you advertised .
That sounds fantastic ! But I am looking for something closer to downtown , as I spend most of my time at the office .
I'm sure they are wonderful , but I need an unfurnished apartment with relatively lower cost .
Great ! I'll arrange a viewing after work tomorrow afternoon . Could you tell me the detailed dress ?
Mom , I want to get a motorcycle . Is that all right with you ?
Mom ! I'll wear a helmet and I'll drive sane . I promise .
What's that ?
And after that ?
Hello , John . How are you ?
Very well , thanks . Nice to see you again . I haven't seen you for a long time . What have you been doing lately ?
Fine , thanks . I've been busy lately .
I've been studying for my exams . My school exams will begin next month .
Thanks . And how are your parents ?
Where are you going now ?
I can't . I have to meet someone .
Good morning . I'd like to check out right now .
Room 103 .
Yes.Wang Bin .
No .
No , I have not .
All right . Can I pay with credit cards ?
American Express .
Oh , my god . I am so heavy now . I gain 10 kilos .
I think I should go . I really need to lose some weight .
0K.See you then .
Nope , I do not have a membership yet .
Can you tell me the best way to see the city ?
Travel by the buses ? That sounds interesting .
I'm so hungry . Shall we go eat now , Rick ?
how about some dumplings ? I just can't get enough of them .
well , what do you have in mind ?
oh , it's too spicy for me . Don't you remember last time when I tasted the lamb ? It was so spicy my eyes teared up !
sounds great . Do they serve noodles ? I am in the mood for some tasty noodles as well .
great . Let's go !
Good morning . Could I speak to Frans Smith please ?
Is this Taiwan 8234342 2 , DS engineering ?
The accounts department , I think .
What do you want to do in this company after five years ?
Why do you think so ?
What are you looking for in your next job ?
What is your career objective ?
What do you consider important when looking for a job ?
Hey ! Ask your mom for more old pictures , OK ?
But we saved your parents so much money ...
Speaking of plane tickets , don't forget to check on the reservations !
How much will it be all together ?
Can I pay by check ?
OK . How about this card then ?
Excuse me . My bag was stolen , will you help me ?
Just about half an hour ago .
Yes , it was just when I was walking in the park . I saw some children with a newspaper .
I know in your resume that you have worked in your present company for 3 years , can you tell me why you want to leave your present job and join us ?
Why do you think you are qualified for this position ?
So , tell me about you new house . How is it different to your old one ?
So , it ’ s a three-bedrooms detached house ?
What ’ s the kitchen like ? I know both you and your wife like to cook .
Are the rooms nice and bright ?
Do you have a balcony ?
You ’ re right on the edge of the city , aren ’ t you ? There can ’ t be much noise or traffic there . Is it easy to get into city centre ?
Come on , darling . We haven't got much time .
Half past six ... and it's half past six already .
We haven't . Hurry up !
I'd like to remit 5000 dollars to my friend .
Room 20 , Suzie Building , Beijing Road , Shenzhen , China .
Would it be all right if I went home next weekend ?
Well , I want to surprise my brother showing up for his birthday .
Which kinds of meat are most popular in your country ?
Yes , we do . We also eat a lot of lamb .
That ’ s right . They tastes so good ! We eat them with mint sauce . Have you every tried them ?
I certainly can . If I can get some from the butcher ’ s , I ’ ll cook them for you .
Do you have any idea what time it is ?
Do you really think that that excuses your tardiness ?
Didn't I tell you to call when you're running late ?
It doesn't matter , you should have called and let me know .
If you do this again , don't even bother coming home .
Exactly , maybe that'll teach you to respect my rules .
And so , that concludes my outline for our marketing strategy next year . Thank you very much for your time .
Aw , come on ; it was nothing . I'm just doing my job .
Well , Kristin did give me a hand with the slides.She ' s a real wiz on PowerPoint .
Yeah , well , that was some good advice . You made some really good points .
As you know I ’ Ve been thinking about moving my career in a new direction . I am hoping that you will be able to provide me with a reference to help me jump-start my future .
Thank you . I ’ Ve really enjoyed my time here . I've grown both personally and professionally with this company .
It will be hard to say good-bye . This office has become like a second home to me .
Well , Peter , you have to do better than that next time , won ’ t you ?
Of course , you have . You must try harder this time .
No , you needn ’ t do that . You ’ d better get a part-time job somewhere and go to evening classes .
You ought to have worked harder then you wouldn ’ t have failed your exams . You have to take a job and study .
How do you use an ATM card , billy ?
Oh yes . I've got it written down here . Just a minute .
Ok , I've entered my PIN . There are several options on the screen . I guess I just choose which service I want , don't I ?
I can just enter the amount using the keys , right ?
How can I lose weight , doctor ? I seem to get fatter even when I just look at food ?
I never eat breakfast though .
I never thought about it that way .
Oh doctor , I feel so foolish .
Hello , this is Francis .
Today , I am busy all day long .
That ’ s not good for me at all . It ’ ll have to be another time .
I know . I am available from 1 PM to 4 PM on Friday afternoon .
Shall I take a photo of you ?
You ’ re welcome . What brings you to China ?
I see and what do you do for a living ?
That sounds like a good job .
Ok , well enjoy the rest of your stay here .
What can I do for you ?
For whom ?
What symptoms does he have ?
I got it . Don't worry , just a common cold .
Patulin will do .
Six per day , and two after each meal .
Is this the class to prepare for interviews ?
I have an interview tomorrow , so I hope I can learn everything quickly .
I think that we should make sure that our looks are the best they can be .
Yes , and being friendly and having a good attitude also help me relax .
No , I didn ’ t . What else should I keep in mind ?
Has Mien sold his house yet ?
Has he moved to his new house yet ?
When ? Tomorrow morning ?
He's a very nice person . We will all miss him .
I think that they will move in the day after tomorrow .
Yes , I will .
Being a diabetic , you're not allowed to eat certain foods .
I'm afraid not .
Good evening , can I get you a drink ?
Would you like to order anything off the appetizer menu ?
Would you like to order anything else ?
No problem , call me when you're ready to place the rest of your order .
What did you want to order ?
Can I get you anything else ?
This skirt is too tight . I would like to return it please . Do I need to go to the customer's service desk ?
No , I receive this as a birthday present , but the price tag is still on the skirt though . Will that be OK ?
Do you have any more skirts in this style ? I would like to find a size larger .
No , that's all right . I'll just look for something else .
Isn't it a nice day ?
It seems that it may rain today .
How come ?
I feel the same way . It smells so good after it rains .
Really ? Why ?
I really want it to rain today .
Boy , come here !
Bring me a cup of coffee , please .
The car isn't running smoothly . I'd like to have a look at it .
I'm not sure . It could be the tires . Let's stop here .
I can ’ t decide what to do today .
Don ’ t you think it ’ s a bit cold for that ?
Excuse me ! Are you Bart Simpson from Western Electronics ?
I am Steven . I am here to meet you .
You must be tired after the long flight . Let me carry the bags for you .
Our car is in the parking lot . We've booked a room for you . I will take you to the hotel soon . Let's go .
Hello . May I help you ?
Let me find that on my screen ... yes , the L / C is right here . I'm sorry ; the documents don't seem to be here yet .
Excuse me , where is the Beijing Railway Station ?
How long will it take to get there ?
May I take a bus or a taxi to get there ?
Excuse me , sir . Where is the No . 1 bus stop ?
Excuse me , sir . Can I help you ?
I'm sorry . We can not regulate the air-conditioner . As soon as the plane takes off we'll be able to get better ventilation , and the temperature here will drop . Let me get a wet towel for you at the moment .
Your wet towel , sir .
Yes . We have mineral water , orange juice , coke , which do you prefer ?
Would you like some ice in your drink ?
How much would you like ?
Here you are , sir .
It's my pleasure .
Did you make it to school today ?
No , I didn't .
That was an odd change of subject .
No , not recently .
What's stopping you then ?
So , will you be at school tomorrow ?
You have the right to remain silent . Anything you say can and will be used against you in a court of law . You have the right to have an attorney present during questioning . If you cannot afford an attorney , one will be appointed for you.Do you understand ?
What's your name ?
What's your nationality ?
What's your relationship with the victim ?
Why did you attack the victim ?
How many times did you stab the victim ?
Did you know hat your actions might cause serous injuries or death ?
Was it your intention to kill the victim ?
Well , Peter . I'm sorry you're ill . What's the matter with you ?
Show me your torgue.What did you eat yesterday ?
Did you eat any cake ?
Did you eat any ice cream ?
Did you eat any candy ?
Young man , tell me everything you ate yesterday evening .
I see ! How many pieces of cake did you eat ?
How many plates of ice ream did you eat , young man ?
Excuse me . Can I ask you a question ?
I don't know how to say it in English .
Oh , Thank you . But how do you spell it ?
Excuse me .
How do I get to the Olympic Stadium , please ?
Thanks .
Have you ever thought about your ideal home ?
What would it be like ?
How many rooms would it have ?
How many bathrooms would your dream home have ?
How would you decorate your house ?
How many TVs would your dream home have ?
We have a variety of trousers . Which one do you like best ?
What about this one ?
Where is the bus ?
It should've been here 30 minutes ago .
It better , because I'm already late for work .
Me too , it's so unreliable .
It's also horrible having to be at a bus stop in any kind of weather .
I think it's time we started driving .
I don ’ t know what activity my son should take part in ?
But each children has his own interest .
Hello , this is Lin Tao . I am calling to inquire about my interview result last week .
Sorry to hear that , but could you inform me why I failed ?
What is your major ?
Which university are you attending ?
Have you received any degrees ?
What course did you like best ?
Do you feel that you have received a good general training ?
English and computer skills are comparatively important to this post , especially in the starting period . Wharfs your ability in these two fields ?
Excuse me , what's the price of a single room ?
Are meals included ?
When can you get the finished product to me ?
Great ! That'll be ahead of schedule ! Good work .
I like double-breasted garment with no belt.Could you show me some ?
Medium.May I try it on ?
Hello ?
Can I speak to Li Hong , please ?
Hi , Li Hong.This is Alice .
Not bad.Li Hong , I am sorry that I can ’ t go to see Mrs.Brown with you tomorrow morning.My mother is ill . I must take care of her .
OK.Bye - bye .
Excuse me , is this the office of the Textile Corporation ?
I'm from CTC Trade Company . Here is my card .
I'm glad to meet you here . You're Ms . ...
Thank you , Ms . In . I'm here to discuss the possibility of establishing business relations with your corporation .
Yes , I had a look around yesterday . I wish I could have them all . Can you give me a price list with specifications ?
Please show me that hat , please .
No , the one next to it .
Is this a furry hat ?
Are you sure ?
Anna , Would you like to dance ?
Don ’ t worry about it . I ’ ll show you how . It ’ s a piece of cake .
Mary ! I haven ’ t seen you since our dinner with Mr . Lee last week . Where have you been hiding yourself lately ?
Really , nothing big . I just heard about your ideas on employee motivation and I wanted chat with you about a few things going on in my department .
Actually , I was hoping to mix business with pleasure . Would you be interested in joining me for dinner some time this week ? I thought we might try out the new Italian restaurant everyone ’ s been
Is this evening too soon ?
Hi , Lucy , you are very popular with people around you , what are your tricks ?
Sharing knowledge can be very settled and some second stances . People may think you are telling them how to do their work . If they take it personally , they feel angry at you and even become reluctant to support you at work .
You are quite right . Thank you for sharing your experience with me . I learned a lot .
Is there anything I can do for you ?
Sure . How long is your vacation ?
Well , how do you like this one ? You will stay there for 17 days .
The new computer software is driving me crazy ! I really need a break !
That ’ s what I ’ Ve heard . But as far as I ’ m concerned , it takes a genius to figure it out . Can you pass the sugar , please ?
Hi , I am afraid that the fax machine in my room won ’ t be working till tomorrow . A technician has just come and checked it . He will bring me a new one tomorrow . It seems there is a big problem with mine and it will take some days for repairing . Can I use the one in your office ?
Yes , I think you have the same model as I have . Does your fax machine print out immediately a transmission protocol ?
I'm looking for a white purse as a gift . Could you show what you have in stock ?
They must be popular again this season .
Wow . this is nice . I'll take this one . I guess if she doesn't like it she can return it , right ?
Do you mind if I get a lift in your car , please ?
Oh you ’ re so kind !
Hello , I'd like to subscribe to a magazine .
Fitness Consultant .
Only one , please .
For six months , please .
Shirley , that's my wife's name . I subscribe to this magazine for her .
OK . How much is the subscription ?
Oh . It looks like Jack is going to make his annual speech .
Yeah . I'm still hungry , but I guess it's kind of rude to keep eating while he's talking , huh ?
No . He's so far away I can hardly see him ! Let's keep eating !
Will they send me a form telling me that I have been granted unemployment ?
What information will be in that letter ?
What other forms will I need to turn in ?
What will they be asking me on that form ?
What else will they ask me ?
Mr . Smith , I have been doing some industry research and was shocked to learn that the average salary for a position that is similar to mine pays on average $ 2,000 more per year than I am c
First and secondary research . I hope that you can address this concern immediately as i find it very disturbing .
I wish the same . As such , I hope you will seriously consider a pay increase .
What can I do for you ?
Let me have a look . Oh , the watch ’ s battery is worn down .
$ 50 .
About 2 years .
when are you going to give me those brochures ?
I know , but I want to make reservations this week .
Julia , I would like to have a word with you . Have a seat .
According to your performance , I decided to give you a salary increase . From next month , there will be a 2,000 yuan raise to your salary . Although your first raise might not sound considerable , the company believes that with your ability , sooner or later you'll get a better raise .
I think you deserved this .
Albert and I need a lot of things to furnish our house.But I don't know where the best place to shop is . Can you give me some advice ?
Well , we have most of the furniture already.We mostly need kitchen utensils , bathroom accessories , cleaning and laundry accessories--things like that.And Albert wants to set up a little off
Can I write that down ?
Thanks .
What do you mean ?
Probably good prices . You know we will only be in America for about a year .
What are those stores ?
Even silverware ?
I have a friend that said something about a place called Price Club.Do you know about that ?
What does that mean ?
Electronics ?
How much is the membership fee ?
I see . Thanks for these tips . We really need to buy a lot of little things .
it ’ s such a nice day outside . Let ’ s take a walk into town and do some window-shopping .
I know . But we could get some exercise in , and we could get some errands run , too . Window-shopping won ’ t cost you anything .
well , we could go to the newsagent ’ s to pick up the Sunday paper , go to the butcher ’ s to pick up a chicken for a roast dinner , and to the chemist ’ s to pick up your prescription from the doctor .
fine , we ’ ll do that on the way home , so we don ’ t have to carry it the whole time .
I promise . We ’ re only going for a walk to get some exercise and to get some things done that we haven ’ t had time for .
do you have any money ?
for our errands , and maybe a little extra for something from a vendor on the street .
I agreed to not go into the mall , but I can still look at things in the market !
Is there a daily passenger ship to Dalian ?
How many days does it take to Dalian ?
How many ports do we call at on our passage to Qingdao ?
The ship is going very fast .
The sea is calm and peaceful . A sea trip is always enjoyable in fine weather like this .
Dad , can I have a pet ? I did what you said and passed all of my exams .
I want a dog . My friend Mindy's dog just had puppies and she said I can have one .
I know , I know . I will do it all by myself .
Yes . It will cost me about $ 50 a month . And I make a little more than that already .
This place is great . I'm surprised there are so many things here .
What's the difference between an outlet and a regular store ?
Faulty products ?
Oh , that's easy for me . I think it's really a good deal .
That's great for me . Look , children's clothes ! I'd like to buy some winter clothes for my son and daughter .
Yes , I'll take it . Are there any jeans ? Xiaohui's jeans are always dirty . I also need four pairs of slippers .
I ought to make the most of it while I'm here , don't you think ?
What is your great struck ?
Why do you think you be a good fit or this job ?
Can you working under pressure ?
Are you more a follower or a leader ?
Ouch , it ’ s unbearable .
Have you obtained any certificate of technical qualifications or license ?
How many years have you had the drivers license ?
That ’ s good . What special skills do you have , can you tell me ?
What computer languages have you learned ?
Have you gotten any special training in programming ?
Hi , how are you doing ?
I'm pretty good . Thanks for asking .
I've been great . What about you ?
What school do you go to ?
Do you like it there ?
Good luck with school .
How many languages can you speak ?
You mean you can read and write both of them ?
Can you read and write English well ?
Do you speak the language well enough to communicate with people of English-speaking countries ?
Do you think your English is good enough to do desk work ?
So , Lauren , I just wanted to talk to you quickly about our new customer support representative , Jason Huntley .
Basically , I ’ Ve got a few concerns about him , and the bottom line is , I don ’ t think he ’ s a good fit for our company .
Yeah , his attitude is great , but he ’ s really unreliable . Sometimes he ’ s really productive , but then other times ... take last Tuesday for instance , he was forty-five minutes late for our morning meeting !
But that ’ s not the only thing ... you know , he really doesn ’ t have the best work ethic , I ’ m constantly catching him on MSN and Facebook when he should be talking to clients .
Hello , reservation desk . How can I help you ?
What kind of room would you like , Ma ’ am ? We got single rooms , double rooms , standard rooms , suites and deluxe suites .
$ 79 a night .
What date would you check in , Ma ’ am ?
How long do you plan to stay ?
Could you give me your name and phone number ?
Thanks . What time will you arrive ?
Very good . Your reservation confirmation number is NB13579 . Thank you for booking in our hotel . Can I help you with anything else today ?
Tyler residence .
No , this is her sister , Nancy .
Oh . Can I take a message ?
Okay . I'll give her the message .
Hello , I've got a letter here that I'd like to post .
Well , the letter is going to a friend of mine in America and it's quite urgent . It really needs to be posted today , so here you are .
Excuse me . I've been waiting here for 15 mins . Do you know how often does No . 3 run ?
It seems that you have got here at a good time . Do you have a bus schedule ?
Excuse me . Where can I buy some cigarettes ?
Can I also get some souvenirs there ?
By the way , where is the men's room ?
Thank you .
Well , that's all for the interview . Thank you for your interest in this job .
May I call you about our final decision ?
We will get in touch with you by the end of next week .
We'll notify you if necessary . Goodbye .
Would you like to go sightseeing tomorrow ?
What would you like to see in Beijing ?
You ’ re home late today , David . How was school ?
Oh , what ’ s she like ?
Is she old or young ?
Is she strict ?
Can she speak Chinese ?
Can I take this bus to city center ?
The Empire Hotel .
Good afternoon , madam . May I help you ?
I am sorry , madam . I didn't hear you . It's too noisy here . Could you please say it again ?
Would you please wait a minute ? I will get one for you at once .
Here you are .
Yes , certainly , madam .
Yes , it is . This perfume just arrived yesterday , and it's the latest products of Chanel .
55 dollars , madam .
Thank you . Do you need something else ?
Excuse me . Could you tell me how to get to the post office ?
Will you look at this form ?
I don't understand some things .
What does MI mean ?
What does MM / DD / YY mean ?
I don't understand .
Oh . That's simple enough .
How much is the video camera ?
It is cute . I will take it . Please make out the receipt .
Is breakfast served here ?
Do I have to pay extra money for it ?
Good afternoon , sir . Would you like a tea ?
Of course sir , would you like milk and sugar with that ?
Mom , I hate eating vegetables !
Thanks , Mom.Can I have dessert now ? I love chocolate cake .
But I don ’ t like them.It ’ s not fair .
Ok , actually I don ’ t mind eating peas and carrots.But I hate broccoli and cauliflower .
We're sorry , but we cannot allow your claim .
The material was not damaged by us .
Hello , can I help you ?
When to leave ?
Ok . Can I have your name , please ?
And your telephone number ?
OK . Right then .
Why do you stop me ?
I'm sorry .
I don't know .
Good evening , ma'am . May I help you ?
Will the object fit into this size of box ?
Could you fill out this form , please , ma'am ?
Thank you , ma'am . Would you like to use it until May 20th ?
This way , please . Your box number is 522 .
If you would like to use the contents during the period of use , please come here in person . After confirming your signature , we will open the box .
Where are you going ?
Going to work where ?
I didn ’ t know you were working there this year .
How did you get that job ?
That ’ s really cool .
Do they pay you a lot ?
I'd like to check in , PLS .
But I ’ Ve reserved a room the day before yesterday .
Tony Bush .
Of course , I did it myself .
Don't worry about that .
Yes , that's right . I'd like to pay my bill by credit card .
Here you are .
All right .
How do you do ? I need your help in selecting a foreign market to invest !
How can I find out what countries to invest ?
Great . I want to get an idea for the purchasing ability in various countries .
Let's see if we can reach some sort of agreement over your curfew .
Well . I'm not everyone else's father . I think you need to be in the house by ten o'clock .
I know some junior high kids who can stay out later than that .
Darling , can't you stay for a few more days ?
I'm really going to miss you.Take care of yourself .
Excuse me . Do you happen to have a gym here ?
So , where do I go to exercise ?
Am I going to be charged extra for using the gym ?
Great ! Now tell me , what are the hours of this gym ?
Okay . Do you have a trainer to help me work out ?
Ten sheets of rice paper , 25 brushes , two boxes of oil color and two boxes of water color . All these come up to $ 35.50 , sir .
Sure , just a minute . Are you an artist , sir ?
That must be a very interesting job .
Do you ? Nice to meet you ! And here is the invoice and your change .
Excuse me . Is this the right way to the museum ?
Will it take me long to get there ?
Which bus goes there ?
Thank you very much .
What kind of food do you like ?
But your American ?
I've typed the report .
And I've filed the letters .
And I've checked the orders .
And I've ordered the supplies .
Are you sure that this bus will take us to Santa Anita mall ?
You know that for a fact ?
Is it a very long bus ride ?
Do you know where we get off at ?
Really , there's a bus stop right by the mall ?
That's convenient .
Hi , Jone , how are you ?
What's wrong ?
Oh , no ! Did you call the police ?
Why not ?
This is our main service area . We do all the routine services here and have two full-time mechanics .
They're serviced regularly . We give them a basic service every 10,000 km or so and a main service once a year , or every 100,000 km .
Well , the same as for private vehicles really , but we do it more often because they get a lot of wear and tear .
Do you know which stop we get off at ?
We've been on this bus for a while now .
Should we have gotten off the bus already ?
I thought you knew .
Really ?
I'm never catching the bus with you again .
Well , Peter , you have to do better than that next time , won't you ?
Of course , you have . You must try harder this time .
No , you needn't do that . You'd better get a part-time job somewhere and go to evening classes .
You ought to have worked harder then you wouldn't have failed your exams . You have to take a job and study .
Could I order dinner ?
I want a bottle of champagne , lobster tail , and filet mignon , medium rare .
That's too bad , but the porterhouse will be okay .
Not tonight , thank you .
Charge it to whatever account you like .
So what did you get ?
What's this ? Essential oil ? Wow ! This stuff is expensive .
How is oil supposed to make you relax ?
I was wondering if this is where the Resume Writing Workshop is being held .
It ’ s been a long time since I ’ Ve had to look for work and put a resume together .
Where do we begin ?
Then what do we do ?
What about listing my interests and affiliations next ?
What ’ s the matter , dear ?
Oh , dear . Did you lose a lot of money ?
You must tell the embassy about it . And I think they ’ ll issue you with a new one .
No . But you mustn ’ t leave it too long . Did you report it the police ?
Well . You must report that it ’ s been stolen . And give the police description of your bag . You ’ d better go to the local police station tomorrow morning .
And Lisa .
Hello ! Do you have a place where I can exercise ?
I'm happy to hear that . Now , would you tell me where it is ?
Is the hotel going to charge me a dollar a minute for gym use ?
And the gym hours are ?
One more question , Do you have a trainer ?
Daddy , how are you going to spend your weekends ?
Could you go with me to climb Kiang Shan ?
Oh , Daddy , you should do more exercise . You are getting a little heavy .
Then go climbing with me , Daddy . Mountain climbing can build your muscles like Popeyes .
I give you my word , you must feel refreshed after mountain climbing .
That's a deal .
I think we should home school our children when we decide to have kids .
Well , our public schools here are not very good and private school are just too expensive . I have been reading up on home schooling and it has a lot of advantages .
Well , first of all , I would be able to teach them everything they learn in school in a more relaxed and fun way . I also think that having a one-on-one class is much better since you can focus more on his or her strengths or weaknesses .
I will bring it up over Sunday brunch .
Hey , you have been promoted to president of the department .
You are so smart . Your efforts in the success of the plan were outstanding .
You ’ Ve got a great personality .
I believe you will . I ’ m very pleased with your work . Your promotion will contribute to the development of the company .
May I speak to Mr . Smith ?
What time do you expect him back ?
Tom , you promised to cut the lung . You won't forget , will you ?
And you'll repair the television , won't you ?
Do you promise ?
And Tom , you will help Johnny with his homework , won't you ?
But you'll promise not to be late for dinner tonight , won't you ?
Tom , darling . You'll try not to be late for dinner tonight , won't you ? Please !
Hi , buddy ! How do you deal with your salary ?
Look ! This stock is rising now . I am researching it , and planning to buy some shares .
No . This is my first time to buy some . You can see that its historical price data is rising now .
Hey ! Do you still remember our teacher of economics , Mr . Locker ?
Hello , Helen .
How are you today ?
I ’ m fine , thanks . How is Tony ?
She ’ s very well , too , Helen . Goodbye , Helen . Nice to see you .
Julia , Julia , Julia . My daring Julia , what's wrong with you ?
Yes , I have called you three times . What makes you in a daze ?
Did someone get hurt ?
What a terrible accident ! Who should be responsible for this traffic accident ?
Why do some guys like to drive so fast when they are drunk ?
Good morning ! My name is John White , import manager of the Garden Trading Company of New York .
Nice to meet you Mr.Li . We have learned about that you specialize in the export business of electronic products . As you enjoy the highest reputation in the commercial circle , we'd be please to enter into business relations with your firm .
Yes , I had a look just now , I feel we can do a lot of business in this line .
Our company enjoys a history of more than twenty years , we have wide connection with wholesalers and retailers all over the America , and we have good reputation in the commercial circle .
Miss Wang , how do you do ? I ’ m Allan James , the director of human recourse department of this company .
Not at all . Please sit down , then we can begin .
As you know , Miss Wang , we are looking for an executive secretary with business background and good English skills . We looked into your resume and thought you might be a good candidate .
Well , I've got a date . Now I need to find a restaurant . Can you help me ?
Nothing but the best for a pretty woman !
Well , I sort of suggested that we would go out on the town . Do you have another suggestion ?
Gramercy Tavern , eh ? I think I've heard of that before . Call to get us a table , okay ?
I'd like to reserve a room .
For the night of April 18th , for one night .
No , I'm afraid not .
Sure , but if you do have any cancellations , could you let me know as soon as possible ?
Good morning , Mr . Smith . Would you like to see around the factory ?
Hi , sir . Come and have a look here . We have all kinds of sweaters .
How do you like this grey one ? It ’ s pure wool , one hundred percent of Xinjiang wool .
Yes , we do . What size do you want ?
Well , you can always bring it back to us for a full refund .
Why do you want to be a stewardess ?
Could you handle flying for 24 hours straight ?
That's good .
You should very qualified .
Rebecca Johnson speaking .
Just a moment ... I'm afraid there's nobody there right now . Could I take a message ?
Sorry , just a moment . The name is Caxton ...
Fine , I've got that . And your company is ...
Could you spell that , please ?
Thank you . And the message ?
Have you got the number there ?
856674 .
OK , I'll get someone to phone you first thing in the morning .
This blouse is a special offer today . You can have it at 10 % off the regular price .
No . 10 % is my last word .
Who's in charge of the construction project ?
Oh , no . It seems that I've lost my train ticket .
It was in my pocket , but now I can't find it .
No , it is not here . Damn it ! I'm going to have to buy another ticket .
Can you tell me about a nice restaurant to go to ?
My date is quite sophisticated . She would expect nothing less than the best .
That's a good idea , except I want to go out , not stay in . Something else , maybe ?
That sounds good ! Could you call them to see if I can get a reservation ?
I'll talk to you later .
I have to get off the phone now .
There are other things I need to take care of .
Please don't be nosey .
You don't need to worry about that .
I am very sorry , but I must go .
Lucy , I ’ d like to fix the light in the corridor , it keeps flashing , which drives me crazy . Would you like to help me with the ladder ?
I think I can handle it by myself .
I see . If I got hurt when fixing the light , even during office hours , I wouldn ’ t get compensation from our company since repairing is not my responsibility .
Like this one ?
Yeah , thank you for telling me .
Will you be checking in any baggage today ?
If you need baggage tags , they are found in the box on your right .
You are allowed an additional two carry-on items .
I see . All carry-on items must be able to fit under the seat or in the overhead bin .
You will need to send the tripod as luggage because it is too long to fit in our gauge box for carry-on items .
No , I can't . Perhaps your stewardess will help you to find a place to store it .
I'm afraid I have lost my air ticket while I was shopping .
Yes , I checked again and again , but I can't find it . By the day after tomorrow , can I have the ticket reissued ?
I talked with the manager over the phone and he told me I can have it reissued because I have a copy of my lost ticket .
I can't finish this steak .
Look , the printer isn ’ t functioning well . I ’ Ve pushed the start button . It is suppose to be working now but it remains like a log . What ’ s going on ?
I didn ’ t pay attention to that . I will try to get the paper out .
Good morning , sir . Do you have a reservation ?
I see . We have a window table reserved for you .
Would you like to order now or wait for a while ?
Can you help me pick out a gift for my daughter ?
Yes , that sounds like a good idea .
Okay . How much ?
Oh , that sounds great . I'll take it .
Here's my VISA .
Everything I need is in this box ?
Thank you for your help .
Excuse me , are cameras allowed here ?
I see . What a pity . I have to appreciate it carefully .
Hi , John Phillips ? I ’ m Rose Green . I ’ Ve been asked to handle your training and introduce a little bit of the company to you . It ’ s nice to meet you .
After a week , you ’ ll be running around here like a pro . Let me give you this list of departments first , next to each department is its location and the name of the manager .
Have you bought a lot of new clothes for your vacation ?
What does travel light mean ?
I'm afraid we can't increase salary this year , money is just too tight .
Why not ?
Is there anything I can do ?
May I recommend the popular route ? It's a seven days ' trip and cost $ 500 .
Everything , sir , including the air tickets , accommodation and gate tickets .
Could I speak to the apartment manager ?
I wanted to know if that apartment on Main Street is still for rent .
Yes , I want to see it .
That time is okay with me .
No , thank you . I go by there on my way to work .
That's a good idea . Do I need to bring anything myself ?
I don ’ t know what I ’ m going to do ! It ’ s going to be impossible to make ends meet if I lose my job !
it was a rather big mistake . When you work as an investment adviser , ONC small mistake can cost the company millions .
that ’ s true , but my supervisor is very dishonest . There ’ s no reason he needs to tell our boss the truth . I ’ m sure he will tell our boss that it was all my fault , and there ’ s nothing I can do about tha
I have enough to live off of for about 3 months . But I really don't want to spend my life savings on just living ! I ’ d rather invest my money somehow .
that ’ s very generous of you . I guess that would work .
Yo baby , are you satisfied with the costume show in the street ?
Let's start to study how to use computers , Paubler.It ' s good to know that a computer has two major parts , the hardware and the software .
The hardware of computer is basically all the concrete things you can touch with your hands and see with your eyes .
The software of computer is all the programmes inside the computer that allow you to use the computer to do things .
Right you are , Paler , and since what you want to learn is how to use software , we should also learn to refer to the computer menus .
Hello .
Not really , I ’ m in a meeting . Can I call you back in ... say ... 15 minutes ?
Hello , this is Li King . Can I talk to your manager ?
Yes . Would you please kindly tell him I want to apply for a proof-reader in your newspaper ?
Hello . What can we do for you today ?
OK , could you give me your details and I'll see if it has cleared . We need your banking details and some ID . A passport or something like that ?
Mr Jurgen , yes , the remittance has been successful .
Get up , it's time for you to get ready .
I would , but you need to start getting ready for school .
If I let you go back to sleep , I know that you won't get up in five minutes .
You have a lot to get done this morning .
I want you to be on time for school today .
Okay , I'll let you sleep for a little while longer .
How many rooms are you looking for ?
150 a month .
My mascara's waterproof !
No . There's makeup remover for waterproof mascara .
Yep . See how long and curly my lashes are ?
Tom ? Oh , it's been a while since we've talked to each other . Nice to hear you again .
Really ?
Why didn't she call me ?
Well , I may have stayed on the phone too long . Can you give me her number ? I'll call her later .
Thanks . So how are things with you ?
Wow ! Great ! Where ?
Yeah , it's really convenient . The theater and Shopping Mall are within walking distance . Well , I got to go . I'll get in touch with you soon .
Are you okay ?
What's wrong ?
By who ?
Are you hurt ?
That's crazy .
Do you want me to take you ?
Repairman.May I come in ?
What's the matter , sir ?
Let me see.En .. it's right now.You can try it .
Come in , young man .
I am Smith , the personnel director . Please have a seat , son .
Actually , I haven ’ t had time to look it over . Did you bring another copy with you ?
Call me Mr . Smith .
Mom ! How can I help with the washing up ?
OK ! Then what can I do after I finish it ?
OK , got it .
Reading newspaper on the couch .
Staying with Ultraman , of course . You know he likes it very much .
I will .
How do you like your work ?
What do you do ?
Mine isn't hard , but it's not interesting .
Hi . I can't get going on my computer until I get a broadband hookup .
That would be okay if I had an Ethernet port . Unfortunately , my laptop uses wireless only .
Anything to get me up and running .
Fantastic ! What do I have to pay per hour ?
That's fine . Now tell me about the other alternatives .
Great ! I like that suggestion , but what if I need to print something there ?
I'm not sure , is this our stop ?
Do you have any idea where we are ?
This can't be the right stop .
We got off too early , didn't we ?
I should've just stayed on the bus .
Great , we have to walk now .
Is this the Friendship Hospital ? Please send an ambulance to 68 Hu Nan Road .
Of course . It's urgent . I think the partie nt is suffering from acute appendicitis . He may die if not treated in time .
( after a while ... ) Where's the patient ?
Don't worry . We'll put him in the stretcher . You are coming with us ? Step in please .
Help the patient bathe and change his clothes , nurse . Then bring him into the operating room .
He had appendicitis , but is all right now that it was removed . He'll have to rest for a few weeks to recover .
No , outside food is not permitted .
Yes . But first you must observe the visiting hours , It's from 2 to 5 p . m . By the way , consult the nurse before you enter the ward .
By the way , you can bring some flowers .
Don't worry about him .
good afternoon ! Can I help you ?
this way , please . Here they are . They're all handmade .
of course . The fitting room is right over there .
I'm sorry . All the back of that size are sold out . Would you like a red one ?
oh , that suits you very well . Besides it is believed in China that the red color brings happiness and good luck .
our pleasure . Please fill out this form , leaving your address and telephone number .
Are you interested in going sightseeing , Mr . Simpson ? I think you are here not only for the negotiation but also for sightseeing .
Shall we go to the Tiananmen Square first ?
It's my pleasure . Shall we go there on foot ? It's very near .
Welcome back racing fans ! My name is Rick Fields and , as always , I am joined by my partner in crime , Bob Copeland .
He came in too fast , jammed on the breaks and spun out . We have a yellow flag and the pace car is making its way onto the track .
Smoke is coming out of his car ! He seems to be having engine trouble ! He makes his way into the pit , and Fernando Alonso takes the lead !
Hello , do you remember me ? I bought some vases from you yesterday .
That's right . I thought I'd come back to buy a few more souvenirs .
Well , first , I'd like to buy a few postcards . My sister used to always send a postcard to herself whenever she went anywhere . I want to do that , too .
Posters are difficult to travel with . I think I'll just buy the postcards . I heard that you might also have some of the masks that are made in Venice .
How much do they cost ?
Yes , I think I'd like the green mask in the middle .
I'll take it , I'd also like to buy some chocolate .
Yes , it's my girlfriend's birthday today and she loves chocolate .
Good morning , Madam . Is everything OK ? Is there something I can assist you with ?
Welcome to the electronic age ! I can run you through it ; it's what I'm here for .
Just look at the screen here . It'll give you prompts , you see ? Now you need to enter your PIN number , then press ' enter ' to confirm it .
Not right away , you need to decide what it is you want to do . The next thing is to select the service .
Yes , then enter the amount you want .
The road ahead is blocked . There might have been an accident .
Not really , but they are on the rise .
Operator , can you give me any information on the call I just received ?
Can you tell me the calling number , please ?
Thank you .
Was there an accident on the freeway today ?
No , don't you know what happened ?
Are you serious ?
Did anyone get hurt ?
Are they going to be okay ?
Well , that's a miracle that no one was killed .
Steven , can you give us a summary about your work ? What do you get from your work ?
Why do you think so ?
Very good . Anything else ?
I must praise you for your modesty and diligence . What's your plan next ?
I've got to commend you ; you really did a good job .
Good afternoon . May I help you ?
What kind of car do you have in mind ?
I see . How long will you need it ?
Hello , do you know anywhere that sells cheap cashmere sweaters ?
What a splendid idea !
Thanks for helping me .
would you like to learn to tango Donar ?
i am offering you my services . for your church . what do you say ?
of what ?
no mistakes in a tango Donar.not like life , simple , that will make the tango so great . if you make a mistake , you'll get all tango done . just tango along . why don't you try ? will you try it .
I hate working on Christmas Eve ! Whoa ! Get a load of this guy ! Come in central , I think we ’ Ve got ourselves a situation here .
I had one or two glasses of eggnog , but nothing else .
Just a few Christmas gifts , to this season , after all !
Umm ... no ... I make these in my workshop in the North Pole !
What should I get Uncle Teddy ?
Are you kidding ? That's the stupidest gift one can buy . I don't want to get a tie .
Everybody gets men ties for Christmas . It's too boring . Everybody buys either ties or sweaters . I want a more unique gift .
That's a cool idea . At least it would be a surprise.But I'm afraid he wouldn't take care of it .
Yes . An iguana is too strange for a gift , and a tie is too normal.So I have to find something halfway between .
Well , he was very good to me.He helped me edit my essay for the scholarship contest.So I want to spend at least 75 dollars .
Yes .
What should he have then ?
I think that's a great idea . Men look great with that kind of bag.Where can we buy one ?
Alright . We can go later then .
Good plan . What should we get for Mom though ?
Alright . We can go check at Sears and see if they have them.And what about Dad ?
I think it would be a great joke.But I know we'd have to take the iguana back . And the pet store might not let us.So why don't we get him something else ? Some clothes maybe .
Oh , shut up about ties ! Forget about ties , why not ?
The language used in this multinational company is mainly about English ; do you think you can manage to handle that ?
What about your second foreign language since you were an English major ?
Anne , would you please come in for a while ? Please also bring along the minutes of yesterday's management meeting .
How long did the meeting last ?
Did the chairman ask for me ?
All right . Have you handed in my report to him ?
Thank you , Anne . You've done an excellent job . Did they mention the date for the next meeting ?
Hello , I'm sorry for calling this late . May I speak to Peter ?
When is he coming back ?
What a mess , Jack !
so , your friend ’ s getting married on Saturday . What have you bought her as a wedding gift . I find is so hard to choose the right gift .
that ’ s clever ! Then everyone knows that they are buying something the couple really want and there ’ s no chance of two people buying the same gift . What things were in the notebook ?
so , what did you get them ?
what ’ s wrong with is ?
household appliance don ’ t seem to last for a long time nowadays .
Hello , are you interested in this Honda ?
It's a good car .
1999 .
6,000 miles , all highway mileage .
Highway miles are not as bad as local miles . They do not hurt car as much .
The owner was commuting everyday crossing the state line .
One month .
You'll check it out anyway you want . You can take it to a garage .
$ 5,900 .
Leave your phone number , and I will give you a call if the price gets reduced .
It's very nice of you to invite me .
Thank you . This is my first time to come to a Chinese restaurant . Could you tell me the different features of Chinese food ?
Chinese dishes are exquisitely prepared , delicious , and very palatable . They are very good in colour , flavour , and taste .
No more , thank you . I'm quite full .
It's the most delicious dinner I've had for a long time . It's such a rich dinner .
The demographic reports are in ... From the looks of it , we're going to have to re-evaluate some of the content for our promotional events in different venues .
According to the report , our Boston crowd is quite different make-up from our Chicago folks . Our Boston consumers are mostly from mid-level to upper-class income levels , university or postgraduates , married no children , white collar ... You know the kind . Chicago on the other hand is mostly mid to low income levels , single parent homes , blue collar ... I think we're talking about two totally different target groups .
Excuse me , could you lend me some of your records ?
Until Monday or Tuesday next week .
May I help you ?
That's no problem . Which currency would you like to buy ?
Of course . Do you have your passport with you ? How much would you like to purchase ?
Please fill in this form . How would you like it ? In 100 Euro cheques ?
Have you always been on this site ?
Why did you move ?
I want to open an account .
I want to open a checking account .
How much is that ?
Really ?
What if I can ’ t meet that requirement ?
How much is the fine ?
I'm so hungry ! Can you buy me a burrito ?
Please ? I haven't eaten anything all day .
I'm so hungry , I could eat a whole cow !
I get paid on Friday , I'll pay you back then .
That's pretty messed up .
I don't want to go all the way home just to eat .
Good coming . room service.What can I do for you ?
OK.sir . We will bring it to you as soon as possible .
can I get you something to drink ?
so how about an aperitif ?
stirred or shaken ?
here you are .
sure . All of our mixed drinks are excellent . You can also try a delicious non-alcoholic cocktail .
try a Singer . It has lime juice and grenadine over ice .
here we go .
enjoy yourself .
Kevin ? Hi , it ’ s Elizabeth . I have a big favor to ask you .
Well , I ’ Ve got a huge load of typing and Mr . Blake has insisted I get it done by tomorrow afternoon .
I'm checking out now . Can I have my bill , please ?
It's 8736 . Here is my key card .
Can I pay with traveler's check ?
Here you are .
Very much . The room is cozy and the service is jolly good . By the way , could you deliver my luggage to the airport in advance ?
Flight 17 . And my luggage should be delivered there by 4 o'clock .
My computer isn ’ t running at the same speed it used to be , it is testing my patience everyday . Can you tell me how to make it run faster ?
How ?
This suit looks nice.Can I try it on ?
how was your day ?
it was really busy . I had to work straight through my lunch break .
my boss told me that I could either go home early or take a long lunch break another day , so I decided to wait and take a long lunch break another time .
let ’ s get back to you . How was your day ?
you look pretty upset . Are you ok ?
what ’ s that ?
you ’ re kidding ! How did that happen ?
how late were you ?
you got fired for being a few minutes late ?
I can see by your resume here that you studied business administration .
So I wonder why you want to work for a newspaper .
But journalism , it is a very different profession from administration.You know a lot about administration.Why don't you choose to work for a company looking for managers ?
A new reporter must expect to work many hours .
I have an issue .
There is a leaking pipe in my wall .
There is mildew .
Why can ’ t I call someone to fix it today ?
I need it done today .
Are you okay with me calling a plumber ?
I'll have to go now .
Excuse me , I don't feel good right now .
Do you have any pills for airsickness ?
Please fetch me a glass of water . Thanks .
What's wrong ?
You should get acupuncture treatment . My mom was always having headache issues and it was acupuncture that cured her .
They don't just randomly stick you , they find your pressure points . The heat allows the body to immediately respond to the treatment , restoring the body's " chi " .
The needles are very thin , and as long as the doctor's technique is good , and the patient himself is relaxed , it won't hurt-on the contrary it will actually alleviate pain . Now there are high-tech needles that are micro thin ; they don't hurt at all . However , if you are really scared of acupuncture , scraping or cupping are also options .
This only signifies that the toxins have left the body . Actually , there is only discomfort during the treatment process . Once it's over you feel very comfortable .
This is the only way to get at the problem . Anyway , if you want to relieve the pain , you are just going to have to be tough and do it .
I like this shirt.How much is it ?
Wow , that's sheer robbery.Shall I make an offer ?
Good morning . Your ticket and passport , please ?
Do you have any baggage to check in ?
Would you please put it on the scale ?
The baggage allowance is different according to the class of your ticket . What class are you travelling ?
For a first-class passenger , the free baggage allowance is forty kilos .
Passengers holding first class tickets may carry 2 pieces within the total weight of 5 kg onto the plane .
If the checked baggage is over the allowance , we will charge you for the overweight .
You're welcome . Your boarding pass and baggage check , please .
Could you do me a favor ?
Is that room service ?
The maid has just delivered some laundry to my room.But it's not mine at all .
Tell me something about yourself and your past .
What was the most significant project you've worked on ?
What finance experience makes you qualified for this position ?
How would your coworkers evaluate you ?
What are your salary expectations ?
Sorry , I have to rush off and catch the 9 o'clock train to Paris .
What are you doing to your house ?
What are you going to do to it ?
What colour are you going to paint them ?
What else are you going to do ?
I'm calling to cancel a reservation I made earlier in the week .
Rudy Randolph , 818-555-1234 . My reservation begins on the second Monday of April .
Thanks . I'll call again when things get better at home .
Do you really like this straw hat , dear ?
But it costs an arm and leg .
I am calling to tell you that you are hired by our company .
You are welcome , Please call me if you change your mind .
Let's decide what to order .
The works ?
Anything to drink ?
I'll have a sandwich and small fries . Would you like to have some desserts ?
Would you please teach me how to use the computer ?
Do I have to turn on the computer ?
What should I learn first ?
This is where we sing ? These booths are so comfortable , I think I could fall asleep !
I'll have whatever you're having .
Excuse me , sir , Is this the road to the peace Store ?
Where's Wort Street , please ?
How far is it from the Wort Street ?
Have you had a chance to look over the contract ?
And do you have any questions ?
No , probably not . For the first two weeks you may teach 10 or 15 hours .
I understand . That's why I didn't write the date on the contract.For the first two weeks , we will pay you according to the hours you teach.When you have 22 hours of classes , then the contract will take effect.Is that alright with you ?
I don't want you to misunderstand , Miss Briggs.We are very serious about hiring you . We want you to teach for us.We usually do contracts this way because it is more convenient .
Good . And your benefits will begin immediately .
Yes . We will apply for your health insurance tomorrow.And your free membership in the club starts today if you like .
What would you like to know ?
Absolutely . The only difference is in the restaurant and bar vouchers .
Paying club members get around 300 dollars a year in restaurant vouchers.The vouchers can be used in the restaurant or the lounge.But we don't offer vouchers to employees .
That's right . So in a way , it is cheaper for you than for the members.You get more benefits than they do .
Yes . I've prepared the contract just so that you understand everything.So that you understand the terms .
Welcome to our shop . It seems you are interested in this dress .
That's no problem . It is made of linen , so you won't feel hot in it . I can assure you it is of superior quality . What is more , it is very popular with young women .
88 Yuan .
Hi , I am looking for a woman named Mia .
That would be me !
I hope that what they had to say was mostly good !
Finding the beautiful woman in a red dress next to the fountain wasn't all that hard .
I was hoping that we could take a walk down the street to my favorite cafe .
Excuse me , how do I get to the Forbidden City ?
Is it far ?
You're going to have coffee , aren't you ?
Are you going to have anything to eat ?
Let ’ s move out of here . This apartment is too small .
A house would be great . I could plant a garden . And you could use the garage for a workshop .
How much is the rent ?
When is the place available ?
I am very nervous about signing my escrow papers .
What should I have brought with me ?
I feel a little overwhelmed by so many papers .
My boyfriend is an attorney and told me that I could fax him anything if I had a question .
Is this the last thing that I will need to do before the house becomes mine ?
I want a doggy bag , waiter .
Quite good . It was the most wonderful dinner I have ever had .
Hello , IMPF Bank , how can I help you ?
OK Sir . Could you tell me the account holder's name , the account number , the amount in the account and your PIN number , please ?
OK , Sir . Almost there , I just need your PIN number . When we issue you with a new card and book we would recommend that you change your PIN number . It's a very simple procedure .
Excuse me , could I ask a favour ?
Could you tell me where the canteen is ?
Oh , I don't want to trouble you .
Do you take in students ?
How much is it ?
Do you think I could have a look at it , please .
Can I take your order , sir ?
Certainly sir , would you like some rice or noodles with that ?
Ok , would you like some soup as well ?
Hello . Can I help you , ma'am ?
Well , you can pay by mail , telegraphic or SWIFT transfer . Or you can have a banker's draft and mail it yourself to the beneficiary .
It depends on the amount and how fast you want that person to receive the money . A SWIFT transfer is the fastest method but a banker's draft is usually the cheapest . How much do you wanna send ?
Why don't you send it by mail payment order ?
About a week .
Sure . You can have a Telegraphic or a SWIFT transfer .
Both a Telegraphic Transfer and a SWIFT transfer will normally be credited to the payee's account within three or four working days , depending on whether the beneficiary's bank is among our correspondent banks or we have to route the transfer through a third bank .
I can ’ t attend the meeting in Washington . I ’ Ve proposed you as the most able substitute .
It ’ s easy enough . Just make sure you keep track of all your expenses . The accounting department will reimburse you for all your meals and travel expenses .
Yes , but when you send in your expense report , you also have to file a report summarizing your trip . It ’ s not just a big vacation , you know .
Hey , Gary , great to see you again . Please have a seat . So tell me , what seems to be the problem ?
Well , let ’ s have a look . Open wide . Hmm ... this doesn ’ t look good . Well , it looks like you have a cavity and your crown is loose . We ’ ll need to put in a filling before it gets any worse , and the crown probably needs to be refitted . I ’ m going to order some x-rays .
No , not at all ! Just lay back and relax .
Excuse me . Do you think I can get there in time to catch the 11:30 train ?
Are you sure that I can get there in time if we take the less heavy route ?
How much more do I have to pay ?
That's acceptable . No one wants to miss a train .
I've been learning to play go recently . It's an amazing game !
At least you have obtained a very basic understanding of the game , haven't you ? I think it is perfect for boosting intelligence , cultivating personality and flexible learning . Every intellectual wishing to gain any insight into Chinese culture should learn to play Go .
Sure . It was considered desirable that a well-educated ancient Chinese scholar could be well versed in zither , weigh , calligraphy and painting . I think weigh is the most fantastic of them . It embodies ancient Chinese wisdom and cultural profoundness .
Yes . Playing chess is a very aggressive experience . All the pieces are supposed to capture their opponents . Whenever I start a chess game , I can't help but imagine a concrete battle in which all fighters stand ready to kill .
Now I'm sure we'll never get all our things back . They're so clever these criminals . What's the point of collecting beautiful things for other people to steal ?
Think how happy we were . Now this.Things always go wrong .
I don't feel like breakfast . I don't feel like anything . Why are we so unlucky ? It's as if there were a jinx on us .
Good evening , sir . Welcome to our restaurant .
Do you have a reservation ?
May I have your name , please ?
Mr . Brown . We were expecting you . This way , please . Will this table be fine ?
Please take a seat .
Nice to meet you .
You are a graduate , right ?
So you don't have much related work experience .
Well , did you get any honors or rewards in college ?
What about your computer skills ?
And anything else ?
I see .
It's such a nice day outside . Let ’ s take a walk into town and do some window-shopping .
I know . But we could get some exercise in , and we could get some errands run , too . Window-shopping won ’ t cost you anything .
Well , we could go to the newsagent's to pick up the Sunday paper , go to the butcher's to pick up a chicken for a roast dinner , and to the chemist's to pick up your prescription from the doctor .
Fine , we'll do that on the way home , so we don ’ t have to carry it the whole time .
I promise . We're only going for a walk to get some exercise and to get some things done that we haven ’ t had time for .
Do you have any money ?
For our errands , and maybe a little extra for something from a vendor on the street .
I agreed to not go into the mall , but I can still look at things in the market !
Even with volume sales our costs for the Exec User won't go down much .
We could take a cut on the price . But 25 % would reduce much our profit margin . We suggest a compromise 10 % .
I don't think I can change it right now . Why don't we talk again tomorrow ?
Robert , I have been instructed to reject the numbers you proposed , but we can try to come up with something else .
I understand . We propose a structured deal . For the first six months , we get a discount of 20 % and the next six months we get 15 % .
Hello . What can I do for you ?
I see . Do you have your Current All-in-one Passbook with you ? I'll need your password for this transaction .
And how much of your salary would you like ?
Good morning , sir . Here is the hotel's sauna room . What can I do for you ?
Sure Those who have heart disease or high blood pressure are not allowed to take sauna , for their sake .
First , change your shoes to slippers . Then walk up to the changing room to get prepared for a shower .
After the shower , step into the washroom with birch switches , dip them in the warm water and briskly whisk them over your skin .
What can I do for you ?
All right . This way , please .
Yes , sir .
Yes , they are all distinctive Chinese .
How do you like this one ? It's very beautiful .
350 yuan .
Rachel ? This is John Emory speaking .
I ’ Ve got some bad news . All the plans sent over to the McGrath Corporation have been rejected . We ’ re going to have to start from scratch .
Forest Restaurant . What can I do for you ?
Of course . At what time ?
It looks delicious . I will order it .
Would you please make it for a single person ?
Hello . I have left my key in my room . But I can't get in now .
I am Molopo and my room is 5022 .
Hi , I ’ m testify chen , the tour guide for the Ged Agency . We have a reservation of twenty room for tonight .
No . Our check out time is still be eight thirty tomorrow .
That ’ s alright .
Thank you .
Last trip was very terrible . I hope everything will be fine this time . Don ’ t blow it .
Good morning . I ’ m Mickey Huang , I have an appointment with Mr wilson .
That's right . My appointment is for 11 o'clock .
Thank you .
What's going on ?
A lot , like the party I'm having on Friday .
Will you be able to make it ?
What do you have to do ?
Maybe you can come next time .
I'll look for you at my next party .
Do you have anything to wash ?
OK . They will be ready by 7:00
Of course , sir . We will press all the clothes when they are cleaned .
Excuse me , I'm a little lost . Which bus do I take to get to Shi Da ?
Oh ok , where do I get off ?
Ok , thanks ...
No , is it difficult ?
How much does it cost ?
Wow , I can't thank you enough .
Is there a bookstore near here ?
Take care , Peter . Don't run so fast.Are you tired ?
No , you mustn't sit on the grass.Don ' t you see the notes ?
It says Keep off the grass !
Be careful.You can't smoke here .
May I help you ?
Do you have a reservation ?
I'm sorry , Ma'am . I can't find anything under that name.Do you have your confirmation number ?
Well , let me look again . How do you spell your first name , Ma'am ?
I don't find a Carol in the computer for today . I have a Carol Larson here . But that reservation is for next Monday .
Are you sure he used your name , Ma'am ? Maybe he reserved under his name .
I'm sorry . I have nothing here .
How is your appetite today ?
What would you like to have ?
Which would you rather have , beef or chicken ?
How about drinks ? Coffee or tea ?
Do you want to take milk and sugar ?
So , Casey , how are things going with the photos for the press kit ?
You ’ Ve had over a month to get this finalized ! Why are things delayed ?
I ’ m not looking for excuses here . I just want to get this finished on time !
Hello . Is Bob there , please ?
Oh . This is Paul . When will he be back ?
Can I leave a message please ?
Please tell him I'll call him at the office tomorrow afternoon .
Can I help you ?
Let me see , the buying rate is RIB 808 per $ 100 . How much would you like to change ?
Would you mind showing me your passport ?
Let me see . $ 200 makes RIB 1,616 . Here is the cash and exchange memo . Please check it .
Give me enough for a skirt , will you ?
Can you give me a discount ?
OK . 72 yuan .
No , Thanks.Not today .
What do you charge for the sports shoes ?
Well , that's a bit stiff . Do you have some cheaper ones ?
May I help you ?
Yes , of course . Here are all the tour routes we have to Italy .
2 weeks . Is that OK ?
Can I help you , sir ?
How many carats would you like it to be ?
Is this one suitable for you ?
What about this ?
Then you can buy this one . It's very nice and latest in style .
Do you give me a bonus ?
Do you allow any commission ?
Hello , this is United Airlines .
When is your flight ?
One first class seat on flight YW132 , is that right ?
Hello , have you made a reservation ?
Of course.How do you like your room ?
OK , how long are you staying ?
How many do you intend to order for our shirts ?
We are not interested in small orders . I suggest you order at least 2 000 dozen .
Yes , of course . We have enough productivity . You can rest assured .
Sure , we can reduce our price by ten percent .
I want to change rooms immediately , plus a refund for tonight .
I'm knee-deep in cockroaches !
Thank you . I'm glad that this hotel strives to keep its reputation intact .
We've got a problem ... it looks like we'll need more spotlights on the exhibition booth . The client thinks it's too dark , and they want to add halogen lighting . We've already got 3 sets of track lighting from you guys , do you think you could help us out and throw in some halogens ?
But it would only be adding to the existing structure . We're not talking about anything new here ...
How much do you think it would cost ?
$ 500per light ? ! That's ridiculous ! It can't possibly be that expansive !
Can't you give me a break on this ? We've already spent so much money on lighting , I hate to have to blow so much more on halogens .
What a charming room ! It faces south , and there's such a lovely view of the city .
No , I shouldn't think so . By the way , is there a socket for my razor ?
Is it a two-pin socket ?
I really don ’ t understand my parents . They always make light of my worries .
But the child has his own feeling .
I believe you ordered the Grand Slam breakfast .
Oh , I just noticed that I accidentally brought you your friend's breakfast .
And pancakes for you , sir .
I am sorry that I misheard you .
I will get straight back to you with your waffles .
Hi , Sir . What can I do for you ?
Right . If the cheque is coming from the US , into a local currency account it will take 7 working days to clear .
Do I check in for the train D8 08 to Shanghai here ?
Here you are . By the way , when does the train leave ?
Thanks . Where is my seat ?
Are you looking for an apartment ?
I think I have just a right apartment for you .
Yes . It has one bedroom , a large living space and 4 kitchens .
Yes , it ’ s brand-new .
It ’ s $ 8.50 a month .
We can take a see by there now if you like . The landlord left me a set of keys with me .
Good afternoon , how can I help ?
Of course . Your balance is 92,320 RIB in your Securities Account . How much would you like to withdraw ?
Good morning , Doctor !
I am not feeling very well . I've got a bad cold .
No , but I've got a headache .
Melanie , can you help me with something ? We need to finalize the account with the Mexican Embassy and , I need some advice on phrasing this letter correctly in English .
Okay , so ... To Whom It May Concern , I am writing .
Okay , more relaxed . Got it . Hey , Sally , what ' s up ? It's Tracy here , just .
Great , okay . " Dear Miss Cooper , I'm writing to confirm the final quotation for the full page back cover color advertisement you requested for the spring issue of Voila magazine " .
" The final costing , including advert design and production , comes to forty-five thousand six hundred RIB . We want payment ten working days before publication or we will cancel the ad . Thanks for ... "
Oops , okay . You are right . Then I can just end with " All the best , Tracy " .
Bruno's .
Oh , certainly . I'm Linda , the Manager . I can help you with that . How many will there be in your party ?
Okay . For a party that size , we have a separate banquet room in the back .
No , as long as you can guarantee at least 15 guests , there is no extra charge .
The cake is no problem at all , but we do charge a corkage fee of $ 15 a bottle for any alcohol not purchased from the restaurant .
Great . I have the banquet room reserved for a lunch on for Nika Corporation on the 2nd of December . May I have your name and contact information ?
Thanks , Mr . McQuillin . I'll give you a call a week in advance to confirm the arrangements .
Excuse me , miss.Should I check in here for taking MS121 to Florence ?
Here you are . Can I have a seat in the back of the plane ?
Have you anything to declare ?
Where did you buy it ?
Do you travel a lot ?
Twice a year ? How long has your sister lived in Boston ?
I see , that's a long time . How much was the watch ?
Yes , I'd like to see the receipt . Oh ! I see you bough the watch last week .
Yes , I'm afraid you will . Altogether on the watch and the perfume you owe me seven pounds .
Yes , that's fine . I hope you enjoyed your stay in Boston ?
Good morning and welcome . How can I help you ?
We have 3 different types of boxes . We usually rent for 1 year and the fee depends on the size and location of the box .
You can have more than 1 key if you'd like , but we must have signature cards for each box .
If you have your ID and are willing to pay a year in advance , we can do that for you today , there is no need to wait .
Rachel ? I ’ m not sure how you want to handle this account . I think there are a few things to be sorted out .
That ’ s true . But even beyond that , there ’ s the question of meeting the deadlines they ’ Ve set .
Why have you decided to change jobs ?
Then , why do you want to work for our bank since it's a new establishment in Shanghai ?
It certainly is . But the work is also hard here . You need to put a lot of hard hours on the job to succeed in this field .
Do you mind going on frequent business traps ?
Excuse me.sir . Can I have look at the timetable please ?
Is flight ZW203 a direct one ?
No . Is there any direct flight to New York ?
I am looking for a pan .
A big one would be nice .
Oh , yes , I like that one , but it's too heavy .
Oh , yes ! This is much better . But it has an aluminum handle .
Yes . That's perfect . I'll take it .
Oh , wait a minute . What about a lid for the pan ?
Do you rent cameras here ?
I want one that is easy to handle .
Oh great ! This stupid computer froze again ! That's the third time today ! Hey Samuel , can you come take a look at my PC ? It's acting again . It must have a virus or something .
But I'm quite careful when I'm browsing theinternet , I have no idea how I could have picked up a virus .
Ok . Anything else ?
I really need to lose some weight . I should go on a diet .
Wow ! You are much skinnier since the last time I saw you .
How did you do it ?
I hate working out .
Good idea . Then the trainer will help me to make a fitness plan . Besides that , what's your secret ?
Let's see now . Cut the potatoes into small cubes .
On the bottom shelf in the cupboard under the sink .
Donna ? Well . She is about 20 . She is very lovely and I think you will like her . What about Paul ?
Could you get me the pepper from the cupboard ?
It's in the small one beside the cooker .
Hello . Excuse me . Do you know if there's a Commercial Bank around here ?
Straight on , and turn right . Is it far ?
Thanks very much .
Hello . Is Becky there , please ?
Thanks .
Good afternoon , may I help you ?
May I have your name , please ?
If I wanted to rent a van , how much would it cost ?
That sounds OK . I'll need it from the 10th to the 14th .
Yeah . Here .
Good morning , sir . May I help you ?
OK . In cash or by credit ?
Five hundred and thirty yuan altogether including charges for service .
Have you heard the news ?
Deborah had her baby last week .
I thought you heard .
She was a cute 8 pounds 6 ounces .
I know , you should really go and see her and the baby .
I just wanted to let you know what happened .
I'm afraid it's bad news for you . You haven't got the position .
I'm afraid so . I'm terribly sorry .
He's the only one of the several to decide this .
I don't think the thing can be that serious . You should face the result . Besides , I don't think the position is the best for you .
Come on.Plenty of room upstairs.Fares please !
One dollar ... I'm short of change this morning .
Good , here's your ticket and four dollars change .
Can you recognize that woman , Millie ?
I thought so . Who ’ s that beside her ?
Conrad Reeves , the actor ? It can ’ t be . Let me have another look . I think you ’ re right ! Isn ’ t he her third husband ?
Doesn ’ t Karen Marsh look old !
I ’ m sure she is .
That was a long time ago , wasn ’ t it ?
Shall we buy ?
But if you were me ?
Hello . This is Doctor Bell ’ s Office . Can I help you ?
I ’ m sorry to hear that . Cancelling the appointment is no problem . Thank you for your call .
Excuse me , which one is of the highest quality here ?
That is nice . But I don't quite like the collar .
I don't care what others wear . How much is it ?
Really ? Too expensive . I don't think I can afford it .
OK , anyway , let me have it .
It's time for you to wake up .
I'm sorry , but it's time for you to get ready for school .
You're not going to get up in five minutes if I let you fall back asleep .
There's a lot that you need to do this morning .
I would like for you to not be late for school .
Go back to sleep then , but only five more minutes .
May I ask you how much this position pays per year ?
What kind of benefits does this job have ?
What type of vacation time do we get ?
Do we have a 401K ?
What type of professional development do you offer ?
Where do I sign up for my benefits package ?
Oh dear , my weight has gone up again .
And I suppose sitting at the desk all day at the office doesn't help .
I do wish I could lose weight .
I've tried diets before but they've never worked .
Do you have a reservation , sir ?
I'm sorry . The restaurant is full now . You have to wait for about half an hour . Would you care to have a drink at the lounge until a table is available ?
Yes , of course . May I have your name , sir ?
We'll try to arrange it but I can't guarantee , sir .
What is your most preferred training method ?
Well , that is also very efficient , right ?
what are you watching on the telly ?
which one is that ?
I've seen the British version and loved it , but have never seen the American version .
what are you watching now ?
I can't stand American Idol ! I think it's really over-rated .
have you got satellite , cable , or digital TV ?
do you watch a lot of TV then ?
I don't have a TV at home , so I rarely watch anything . Is there anything worth watching after the office ?
Good afternoon , ma'am . Can I help you find anything ?
We have a special on these skirts this week . Would you like to try one on ?
How about a blouse ? This one here is the latest fashion .
Why not try on this lovely pair of shorts ? I'm sure they'd look fabulous on you .
You say your products are aimed at the green consumer . In what ways are they environmentally-friendly ?
What about the packaging ?
Excuse me , Alex ?
I was wondering if you could get together with me to go over the payroll .
I don't know about you , but I'm famished . Are you interested in getting a bite to eat ?
I'd love something spicy . Maybe we could get some Sichuan Hotpot .
Sure . If I could , I would eat hotpot every day !
Well , let's stop dragging our feet and find a Sichuan Hotpot restaurant for dinner !
Well ... ? Have you thought of it yet ?
Never mind . There's an authentic tasting hotpot restaurant not far from the China World Trade Towers on Chang An Street . Have you been there ?
I lost my wallet .
Can you suggest a few exercise to help me get fit and stretch my muscles a little ?
I need to excise my arms too . How can I do that ?
When I do push-ups , should I bend my elbows so that my nose touches the ground ?
What ’ s a good exercise for my chest muscles ?
So I need plenty of space for this exercise .
May I help you ?
Sure.Please sign your name here ... and here .
Thanks.How would you like them ?
Room reservations . Can I help you ?
What kind of room do you have in mind ?
Hold on , please . ... I'm afraid we're fully booked.The only room available at the moment is a suite .
Look , who's here , Peter !
Just got back.Good to see you !
Are you going to the annual party ? I can give you a ride if you need one .
Tristan , could you stay a few extra minutes to discuss your project with me ?
Are all of your team members on schedule ?
How have they decided to deal with that ?
That's true dedication . I'm impressed . When is it due ?
Right . Well , given that your colleagues are working so hard on this project , I suppose we could change that deadline to Monday morning , I won't have time to look over it on the weekend anyway .
That's alright . Make sure everyone knows that we must stick to the new deadline .
I know you have a tight schedule , so I won't take up more of your time . Have a good evening .
Hello , this is Chen Kun . I am booked on flight LJ88 for Barcelona on Jan . 19th .
Now I am afraid I can't get to the airport on that day . I want to change my flight for the 21st.Is that all right ?
Good afternoon . I am Mr . Brown , the Import manager of Atlantic Industries Ltd , Sidney , Australia . This is my card .
Nice to see you , Mrs . Anderson .
Thank you .
I ’ d prefer coffee if you don ’ t mind .
No , it ’ s the fourth time .
Yes , a great deal . The business scope has been broadened , and there are more visitors than ever before .
Oh , yes . Quite a bit . But we are especially interested in your products .
Women ’ s dresses . They are fashionable and suit Australian women well , too . If they are of high quality and the prices are reasonable , we ’ ll purchase large quantities of them . Will you please quote us a price ?
Hello , there . What can we do for you today ?
Yes , that's right . We have just introduced the program , but it's very popular already .
Right again . We can provide a tailored consultation service for you , giving you the latest quotes from the Stock Exchange and help you to plan what exactly you do with your investments .
Hi , Carlos . What are you doing this afternoon ?
Well . I was just wondering if you would come by and give me a hand with the fliers for next week ’ s party .
Well , tell me something of yourself .
What working experience have you got ?
Oh , good . Irene , can you tell me why you plan to quit being a sales manager to work here as my assistant ? Don't you like your present job ?
Is that room service ?
May I ask for a wake-up call tomorrow morning ?
Hello , I've got to get up early tomorrow , so please give me a wake-up call .
Actually , I need two calls , one at 7 and the other at 7 fifteen .
Wait a minute ! I don't like 7 fifteen , now that I think about it . Change it to 7 thirty .
Nothing that I can think of right now . If something comes up , though , I'll call you .
I just received a phone call for an interview next week .
thank you , but I'm nervous . I don't know what to do.Could you tell me what should I do before an interview ?
yeah , besides my personal introduction , what else should I prepare ?
then what should I do when I'm being interviewed ?
are there any other things I should pay attention to ?
Excuse me , sir . Is there anything I can do for you ?
All right . How much would you like to change ?
Pardon ?
I'm sorry , sir , after 7
I'm afraid we cannot help you , sir , because that would be violating the regulations . I owe an apology for doing nothing about it .
Where to , sir .
Star Hotel . OK .
About 20 minutes .
How much is the fare ?
Excuse me . We ordered too much . May we take the food home ?
Do I have to pay extra charge for that ?
Well , then , will you put this and that into doggie bags ?
Thanks . Would you give me another favor ?
Some more Chinese tea for us , please .
What's your ideal boss ?
Hello . I'm leaving . Here is my key .
Thank you very much .
Well , most of my time here was pleasant . And New York itself is fantastic .
Wow ! What ’ s the hold up ?
Really ? Then , I guess I won ’ t have a hard time finding a room or getting a cab ?
What do you think a job means to you ?
May I ask you why you left the job ?
Excuse me , but I'm looking for a gift for my friend .
Well , it's a wedding gift .
Basically . But I have no idea what to get ! She's American and kind of ...
Why did you stay home today ?
Good evening ! I don't believe we've met before . May I introduce myself ? My name is Jack .
I'm very happy to meet you . You're from the United States , aren't you ?
I've been to Salt Lake City a few times . I really like your city .
Here's the dress you wanted to be made .
What's the matter ?
What's wrong with it ?
Good morning , sir . Welcome to Flower Hotel .
How many pieces of baggage do you have ?
How can I help you ?
Do you have an appointment ?
I wonder if Mr . Smith forgot your meeting . I am afraid he left this office this morning and is not expected back until 4 p . m . Let me find out if he made arrangements for someone else to meet with you in his place . Will you please have a seat ?
Yes , Mr . Mason . I just checked with our office manager , Ms . Terry . She said Mr . Smith briefed her on your project . She is just finishing up a meeting now . She should be with you shortly . Would you like me to show you around while you are waiting ?
Good day . Welcome to IBA , what can I assist you with today ?
That's no trouble , Sir .
Yes , that's just one of the services we offer in our Personal Financing Program .
For every transaction you make , a statement will be drawn up and can be posted to you or sent via e-mail , or if you want to be double sure we can do both .
There are something wrong with my computer .
The computer doesn't work when I push the power cotton .
Yes , I don't know why it doesn't work this time .
Yeah !
OK , I'll expected you around 2 o'clock ?
Hello , could you tell me my test results ?
Are you saying that all my results were normal ?
How will I know what the results mean on the website ?
Will the numbers mean anything to me ?
Can I see all of my test results at once ?
What do you want to eat today ?
No need ! I know how to make dumplings . Let's do it from scratch . Can you give me a hand in the kitchen ? I don't think I can finish everything by myself .
Just trim vegetables for cooking . I will cut up the meat .
Yeah , you are my good helper , Steven .
What would you like to order ?
Did you want it with cheese ?
Did you want anything to drink ?
What kind of soda can I get you ?
What else would you like ?
Anything else ?
What are you working on ?
What budget ?
How much money can you spend ?
Why only $ 300 ?
For what ?
Your budget is a good idea .
Hello , Dana Okro .
Oh , yes . Hi , how are you ?
Actually , I'm really swamped right now and I'll be going into a meeting in a few minutes . Is there any literature you can send me ?
Let's do this . Since I'm not sure when I'll get a chance to read the material , why don't I give you a call if I have any questions . Now , I'm really sorry , but I have to get going to this meeting .
Sounds good .
Susan , Is the manager in this office ?
Oh , that's too bad . I just got a phone call saying that my wife is now in the hospital . She is going to deliver a baby . I must take the day off to go to the hospital . May I talk to him to ask for leave ?
Good morning . I'd like to buy 2 tickets .
I didn't know you have student tickets so I left them in my bag .
Hi , how are you ?
That's for sure . You're new , too , huh ?
My dear , it's five flights up !
We're little further away from the street and traffic noise
Is the place well-furnished ?
What about the kitchen ?
And I don't see any loose electric wiring that could cause fires .
The plumbing seems OK , too .
And the sinks don't seem to leak .
How was Elvin ?
Another note ? But how ? I didn't see anyone !
Uh-oh . He's heating up . What are you going to do now ?
Honey , how is by you ?
Why aren't you doing your homework ?
Oh , is it ? You'll be making records next , will you ?
You'd better get on with your homework ! You can practice on Sunday .
I certainly could . You'll get exams next month .
Oh , don't you ? God save me !
Good morning .
I'm phoning about the job that was in the paper last night .
Oh , Candida Fawcett .
Well , I just thought that it was right up my street you know .
Yes , arm , I'm 23 . I've been working abroad , I'm um ...
You ’ re free to leave .
What are you planning on doing now ?
What are you going to major in ?
I don ’ t want to see you back here .
I don ’ t think this place is for you .
I wish you luck .
Good morning .
Yes , we do . How can I help ? I can give you a simple introduction , if you'd like ?
We usually recommend our clients buy US Dollar Traveller's Cheques , as they can be exchanged for local currency all over the world . They are certainly the most versatile .
As soon as you purchase your Traveller's Cheques from us , you are covered . No matter if you lose them or they are stolen , we will replace them promptly . All we ask is for you to write down the reference number of each cheque and keep it in a safe place away from the actual cheques . We will need that number if you need to make a claim .
What are you and Corey doing for Valentine ’ s Day this Friday ?
You have to do something romantic .
Well , you have three kids , so you knew what it meant once upon a time !
Now please tell me something about your past work achievements .
That is quite an achievement ! Do you consider it your most rewarding work experience ?
Have you received any honors ?
Do you have any publications ?
I believe that you called me ?
Why did you call me ?
Did he do something wrong ?
What do you mean ?
That's really not like him .
I apologize , and I'll make sure he doesn't do that again .
Catherine , have you ever seen the movie Fast Food Nation ?
It's very thought-provoking , isn't it ?
So what do you think of the American fast food culture ?
And everyone knows that Americans ' favorite food is the hamburger , isn't it ?
But I think some healthy menu options are also served at fast food restaurants ..
Such as fat-free milk , whole-wheat rolls and fish sandwich .
But I'm not sure if they're well-rcceived .
Well , Americans may need to find a way to make the most of their fast foods .
You ran into my car .
You messed up my car .
My rear bumper is messed up .
It's smashed in .
The same thing is wrong with your bumper .
I need your information too .
Good morning . How can I help you ?
OK . Please fill in these forms and take them back when you are done .
OK . Can I have your original ID card and tw0 2 - inch photos ?
That is OK . We have photo taking service here . You may pay your fee , take a photo there and take it back here .
Hello , I bought the pendant in your shop , just before .
Now I come back to the hotel and try to show it to my friend , the pendant is broken , I'm afraid .
Would you change it to a new one ?
Yes , I do .
Hello , may I help you ?
Of course . We would be happy to cash it for you .
Well , any bank will cash it at our present traveler's check buying rate , for which we ’ re somewhere cheaper than hotels because of the service charge . You see , hotels really aren ’ t in the money exchange business although they will cash traveler ’ s check for their guest .
No , madam . Not very much .
Yes , I'll be happy to cash these for you . Would you please countersign them here ?
Hello .
Mick ! Nice to hear from you again . How are you ?
Oh , not so bad . I've been very busy , but I'm going away on holiday soon .
New house ? Really ?
Well , that depends . When is it ?
Well . . . I'm going away on Sunday morning . Very early . Will the party go Convery late ?
All right . I'll come . But I'd like to bring a present Something for your new house.What would you like ?
But I'd still like ...
Yes , it has . I'm looking forward to seeing you . too . and your new house . Uh . . . when does the party start ?
Yes . Oh . by the W ..
Which services offered by your band do you use most ?
Do you ever ask you bank for traveller's cheques ? They are much safer than carrying lots of cash around .
Do you use your bank to pay your utility bills ? I use direct debit .
That ’ s good idea . You don ’ t need to worry about missing an issue of a magazine if you do that . I suppose you have a mortgage too .
I have a deposit account with my bank . There are some restrictions on withdrawing money , but the interest rate is much higher .
Rose , is this you ?
This is Susan . Would you mind taking charge of decorating the office for our Christmas party ?
You can get your supplies upstairs from Mrs . Horn .
Where are you going , Tony ?
Mom said you couldn't go out .
I would like to buy some beef .
I need to get ground beef .
I need about four pounds .
Extra lean .
I appreciate that .
Excuse me , sir , the toilet in my room doesn't flush .
812 .
The tap is always driving . I can't sleep well .
It's so earlier this morning , Mr . Li ! You just came back yesterday , you should have rest much more .
How about this post-trip ?
Really ?
OK , it's no problem .
Yes , what can I do for you ?
OK , please don't worry about it . You should set your mind at rest .
I'm pleased to meet you again , Mrs . King .
You've had a good trip , I hope .
It's been a full two years since we last saw each other .
We shall be pleased to talk the matter over with you . You've done very well in fulfilling the agreement .
Yes , we appreciate your efforts in pushing the sales of our pianos . We can see you are experienced in this particular line .
But I think the annual sale of 300 pianos for a sole distributorship in Canada is rather conservative . After all , you sold around 400 pieces there last year . You can sell more this year according to the marketing conditions at your end .
500 pieces .
All right , let's fix it at 450 pieces then . And for every additional 50 pianos sold , we'll give you 1 % higher commission .
We would like to make a specific mention of one more point . As our sole distributor , you will neither handle the same or similar products of other origins nor re-export our goods to any other area outside your own .
Another thing is that every six months we would like to receive from you a detailed report on current market conditions and the users comments on our products .
Good , that's all then .
I think we have had a very pleasant conversation , haven't we ?
Do you have any other questions ?
I'm sorry we can't now .
Maybe the company will build dormitory for the employees in the future .
Anything else ?
I'm sorry we won't do so for a new employee . We only provide this benefit to employees who have made significant contributions to the company .
Yes , we will , and the staff will have a chance to travel every year .
Can I help you , sir ?
Do you have a reservation , sir ?
Sorry , sir . That table has been reserved . This way , please . How about this one , sir ?
Would you like some drinks ?
What ? What ’ s up ?
What are the branches of Operations ?
It seems that it is a key department for providing materials and transportation .
So , Emily , how was your day ?
It can't have been that bad . Go on and tell me about it .
Why ? What happened ?
That's not very fair . What did you do ?
Does he treat everyone in your department like this ?
Do you have any idea why he treats you worse than the others ?
Is there anyone else you can talk to about it at your company ?
That's very sensible . It sounds like you have a good head on your shoulders .
I was wondering if someone in your office could help me with a question I have about my payment .
My paycheck seems to be smaller than the one I received last week .
My old employer gave us a couple days of work during that period .
Of course I wrote down the work that I had done on the Continued Claim Form .
I am not going to show any income from now on then .
Jane ! What an enchanting skirt you have on !
Bright colors , smooth material , exquisite craftsmanship , soft lines ... Darling , it looks elegant on you ! It can't be any cheap stuff . Something around two hundred , I guess .
Then you got a windfall ! Was sixty-five the original price , or did you get a special discount ?
How much did she ask for ?
She must be fuming with anger at such a bid , wasn't she ?
Then you pretended to go without buying it ?
How can we avoid the jam ?
OK .
Thank you for joining us this evening at Chez Attitude .
Welcome , Mr . Foster , if you would have a seat in the lounge area , our hostess will be ready to seat you in just a moment .
She will come and let you know when your table is prepared .
An outside table is available right now if you would like to be seated immediately .
Here is your table , and now may I take your drink order while you are considering what to have for dinner ?
I'll put your drink order in and be right back to get your dinner order .
Hello , is this Professor Clark ?
Hello , Professor , this is Kalina , and I am in your literature class on Monday mornings .
I was partying hard over the weekend , fell down the stairs , and need time to recuperate .
I sprained my wrist , but the doctor says it will be fine .
The doctor said I should be good enough to return next week .
I need to find a new place to live .
Oh , it ’ s not you . I just want my own place .
Jeez ... I didn ’ t realize a single bedroom apartment went for so much these days .
Oh , here ’ s one . It ’ s looks like its in this neighborhood , $ 600 a month . That ’ s not to bad .
You should not have criticize your son in front of his friends .
I know . But at that time your blame is rubbing salt into his wounds .
Reservation , may I help you ?
For how many people ?
May I have your name ?
Can you help me ? This fitting has come loose and I need something to tighten it up .
Thanks for your help .
You must be Mr.Sellers . I'm Steven . I am here to see the apartment you advertised .
Could I have a look at it first ?
It's nice . So this is the bathroom . And that must be the bedroom .
Is there air conditioning ?
What's the house rent ? When is the rent due ? And how much security deposit do you require ?
Why do you want to be a teacher ?
In what department do you wish to work if we hire you ?
I think if I ’ m going to find a job , I ’ ll look over the job board .
Right , so I picked up a copy of the Sunday Globe this morning .
No , why should I ? The Globe ’ s help wanted section is the best .
Not enough to worry about . Why do I waste the money buying two papers ?
I guess you ’ re right . I'll get a Herald as soon as I finish looking over the Globe .
Mary , today a man from an intermediary gave me a call .
He said he saw my job-seeking information on the Internet , and could offer me an appropriate job .
It's a recruiting agency which specializes in introducing talented people to companies and businesses .
It's on telemarketing .
No , he said the employers will pay for it .
I feel it is OK and I want to give it a try .
Of course , I will .
I have a parking ticket to pay for .
Yes , I remembered to bring my ticket with me today .
I didn't bring my ID .
What do you need my ID for ?
All right , I see what you mean .
Will everything be cleared from my record ?
Here's the dress you wanted it to be made .
What's the matter ?
What's wrong with it ?
Can I help you , sir ?
What kind of presents do you want ?
OK . How about some very cool sneakers for your children ? Anyway , it won't cost you much . It's only around $ 59.95 for each pair . It might be cheaper than that in America .
Just a hunch , sir .
$ 59.95 .
Sorry , sir .
Because in this duty-free shop , your total expenditure cannot be over $ 300 and you also have one more present to buy for your wife .
That's good . And I can also recommend you a good one . It's the brand of DENY .
It's $ 60 here .
Of course not , sir .
Ouch , it ’ s unbearable .
Your office called and said that the owners had made a counter-offer to my offer to purchase their house .
I think that maybe I should accept their offer .
I want to make another offer , but I am afraid that they will decline and I will lose this house .
I would now like to offer three hundred and thirty thousand dollars as a counter-offer .
Can you tell me how long it will take them to get back to me ?
You heard who won the election , right ?
McCain won the election .
I ’ m upset , too .
People must want him as our President .
I have more bad news .
I was only kidding , because Obama won the election .
When could we meet to discuss the project ?
I prefer Monday .
Either one is OK .
I will be prepared to do my presentation .
Everyone needs to be there .
I think I know where it is . Maybe you could send me directions just to make sure .
May I help you , ma'ma ?
First you must check in at Counter No . 4 .
That's right . Then you will follow the signs to Gate 85 .
My stay is over . Here's the key to my room .
Many thanks .
This could be a great hotel , once you get rid of the insects . The city itself is great .
What reason do you have for missing school ?
How were you sick ?
Did it get any better ?
Would you like anything for your stomach ?
Get better .
Do you want some dessert ?
Where is our waitress anyway ?
I'll walk over and get the bill , since I don't think the waitress is coming over here any time soon .
So the bill is $ 36.00 .
My first inclination is to leave nothing for a tip .
Let's leave 10 % , so that we at least leave something for the service .
Hello ?
I ’ m sorry . I think you are calling the wrong person . My name is not Mr . Bernie .
Can you please give me a hand ? I can ’ t carry the heavy box .
I think you are flicking through it .
Are you introverted or extroverted ?
What kind of personality do you think you have ?
What do you think is the most important thing for you to be happy ?
What basic principles do you apply to your life ?
You look really wiped out ?
Not a good day . I hate to tell you that Mr . Thomas wants to see the profit ’ s statement for new project tomorrow morning .
I'm having problems with my computer .
For some reason it won't turn on .
What connections ?
Will the cords keep it from turning on ?
I didn't think of that .
I think that I will , thanks .
So , how are you feeling today ?
Do you have enough time to get the right amount of sleep ?
What time do you usually go to bed ?
Have you been under a lot of stress lately ?
Have you ever tried doing relaxation exercises before you go to bed ?
So how was your interview ?
Don't worry . You should do fine . You have the experience .
Remember , they want someone who works well with people . You've got to show them how easy-going and personable you are .
How are you doing ?
I'm awesome .
I've been on here for like , 15 minutes .
Not much , I have a car .
I sure do .
I'm waiting till our President gets out of office , and the gas prices go down .
Good afternoon.Swiss Airline.Miss Grown speaking . Can I help you ?
Just a moment , please . Let me check for you . ( A moment later ) Thank you for waiting . I am sorry but our flights are fully booked on that day.The next available flight leaves at 4:00 pm on 20th . Shall I reserve you a seat on it ?
Hello ! How do I restock my minibar ?
I finished it all .
Send me up three bottles each of Perrier and Jim Beam .
The apples in my room were delicious . Bring me a few more , please .
You know , some grape juice would be really nice , too .
Could I see the manager please ? I have a complaint to make .
Did you have the room checked before we move in ?
1808 . The toilet doesn ’ t work properly . The water doesn ’ t run in the shower .
That ’ s not bad . Thanks for your help .
Who's better at chess , Bill or Fred ?
May I take your order ?
The baked fish in tomato sauce is pretty good .
Do you want some dessert ?
Single or double ?
Good morning , Sir .
Of course , Sir . What kind of currency would you like to deposit ? And what is the amount you would like to pay in ?
OK , Sir . Would that be Fixed or Current Deposit ?
And how long are you depositing for ?
Well , Mr . Brooks . I ’ m sorry , again , for the delay , but we should have everything completed by the time you get back .
Yes , sir . That ’ s more than enough time . I do appreciate your understanding . Why don ’ t we say 10:00 o ’ clock on the 27th ?
Would you like me to fill out the form ?
Hello , is this housekeeper ?
This is room eleven-seven and we have just checked in .
Our room hasn't been cleaned up yet.So would you send one of your housekeepers to clean up our room ?
Our room number is eleven-seven and my name is Terry Chen .
How do you put this seat back ? I know there is a lever somewhere .
I'm getting dressed , what does it look like ?
I'm good at this . Nobody will see anything .
All right , pull over at that service station and I'll dress in the ladies ' room .
can you help me pick out some fabric for a suit ? I'm going to get one made for a friend's wedding .
it depends on the price , but I was thinking of getting a wool / cashmere blend .
I was thinking of a brown pin-striped suit .
haven't you heard ? Brown is the new black .
that may be true , but black is so boring . Anyway , I already have three black suits . I might as well get a suit that stands out from the rest .
I like the one on the left , but I don't like the pattern on it . It's too much . I want a pattern that's a bit subtler .
I think that will do . Let's go talk to the tailor about getting it made .
What do you think of your personality ?
Do you think you are introverted or extroverted ?
How do you get along with people whose characters are different from your own ?
Ok , I ’ Ve got an up-to-day map . Let ’ s check the route from here to the airport .
No , we turn right . Remember that we are coming from this direction .
How far is that ?
According to the map , we get off the M11 at the second junction and join the M25 . That ’ s the motorway that goes around the edge of London .
Then we drive west on the M25 . we must be careful to turn in the right direction !
Then we take the first Heathrow Airport . What ’ s the total distance ?
22 miles to the M25 , 33 miles on the M25 , and 3 after that . That ’ s a total of 58 miles , isn ’ t it ?
May I order , please ?
I would like sirloin steak and tomato salad .
How about your grades of study ?
Besides your major , do you know some in other fields ?
Have you ever been a student leader ?
Did it affect you much ?
Where did you work in the past ?
What's your title in the company ?
I am checking out . Here is the key to my room .
Thanks .
This hotel could use some insecticide , but my time in New York was thoroughly delightful .
do you have s second ?
I want to tell you I've put in my notice .
I've been thinking about this for several months , well before the Spring Festival holidays .
yeah , after receiving my yearly bouns , I want to search out better opportunities in the spring job market . I've been working in the company for nearly a year and a half and I still haven't received
that's exactly why I decided to quit the job and find a new one .
that's right . I am not the only one who has done this . Job hopping is quite common in the IT industry .
I want to take a photograph .
I like one taken half length .
I ’ d like to have this cashed , please .
Yes .
Ten hundreds and Ten Twenties and the rest of small changes please .
Cathy , I'd like to introduce the new microwave stove of mine to you , because it is easy to use .
This microwave stove has many functions . Let me show you . For example , if you want to cook meat , you just need to put meat in it , and press the button with a picture of meat , that ’ s OK . After several minutes , you can eat the delicious meat .
We're supposed to check in at the Air China's counter 30 minutes before take-off , Joe .
Do we need to show our ID cards when checking in ?
What about our luggage ?
Are they going to frisk all the passengers ?
I need some flowers for my wife . It's her birthday .
How much are the roses ?
That sounds like a good deal .
I'll take a dozen .
No , the roses will be fine .
Mom , I'm starving .
My teacher had a sudden stomachache , so the class was cut shot . You ?
You are cooking at least two hours earlier than the usual .
Then it's for Dad , isn't it ? It's so unfair !
What was that again ?
I'm sorry , I didn't know that . But I wanna help .
I'll get knee to knee with her .
I'm glad we came here . This is really delicious !
Well , it's true I've never driven two hours just to get lunch.But really , I think it's worth it .
How do you mean " suffer " ?
Even in the winter ?
And even if it takes two hours , huh ?
Well , this really is delicious , I have to admit . I can understand better now why you and your friends are always whining .
I know . I can see that . This is what is called " dim sum , " right ?
So when you Chinese think of Chinatown , you mostly think of food . Is that right ?
And maybe we can go to a good Italian restaurant for dinner , after the museum.Chicago has some great Italian restaurants .
What do you mean ?
Alright , alright . I am happy to try more Chinese food.Will it be dim sum again ?
Taiwanese style ? Isn't dim sum Taiwanese style ?
I wonder if you can cook things this good .
Pam , where's the closest ATM ?
The big one or the small one ?
Yes .
Do you know if there's a convenience store around here ?
I really need to get some things before I leave .
Can I take the subway to get there ?
Won't that be expensive ?
Jane , we are going to have a board meeting next Friday . Will you please arrange it for me ?
Sure . Actually it's a routine board meeting . The things to be discussed are all written here .
Go ahead . It's for your reference . While you are at it , make me a special agenda and don't forget to have enough room at the side for notes .
Exactly . As I am supposed to the chair of the meeting , I don't want it to get out of control .
The conference room on the second floor , is that ok ?
Good , and please get some water , glasses and ash tray ready as well .
Definitely . The minutes have to be taken accurately .
Oh , that's easy . I will write you a list of their names . You can make a seating plan with the names and give each one a number .
Please tell us the exact time when the big fire broke out .
But we need the exact time . What time ?
Do you have any sales experience ?
What kind of work are you doing now ?
Where are you working ?
Hi , I need broadband for my computer .
That's a problem . My laptop has no Ethernet port , it's wireless only .
Go ahead . I'm all ears .
That's great ! How much is it ?
Okay . What about the other alternatives ?
Yes , that's the ticket ! And if I need to print something there ?
I really want to take a nap . I feel very sleepy today .
I fell asleep very late . It was almost two o ’ clock in the morning when I finally fell asleep .
You know how it is when you ’ re in a strange country . Everything is new , and you get tired and nervous sometimes . Then you worry about your family , about conditions back home , about your courses , about your money , about everything . I tried to fall asleep but I just had too much on my mind .
Mr . Li , the report has been finished .
You're welcome . This is my duty . Anything else ?
OK , I'll do it right now .
Yes , I get it .
Dad , do you know where Mom is ?
She'd better not start crying like she usually does .
Dad , now don't you go getting mush on me .
That means a lot to me Dad . Thanks .
Well , sir . We are asking all our guests to wear a jacket and a tie in our restaurant .
I am sorry ; you can't borrow a jacket and a tie .
Certainly , what time will you come back ?
How many in your party ?
Stand back from the door , please . Let the passengers off . You can't get on until the other passengers get off .
One dollar . Drop it in the box . Move to the rear of the bus . There are plenty of seats in the rear .
That's right.Move along , please.There are more people waiting to get on.Move to the rear .
No , that's the number l that goes down Park Avenue.This is the number 2 .
It is.Get in.please.You ' re holding everyone up.You can't miss Washington Square Park .
How do you spend your free time ?
Are you introverted or extroverted ?
What kinds of sports do you like ?
What kind of personality do you think you have ?
I need to eat something .
I know , but I'm hungry again .
I think I'm going to go make myself a snack .
I'm not exactly sure .
I have no idea what kind of sandwich I want to make .
I'm going to do that .
Waiter , bring me the menu , will you ?
I'd like to see the menu . Would you get me one , please ?
Thank you . Ah ! But this is in French . Would you mind giving me the English menu ?
Thanks . I'll need a while to choose . Could you come back in a minute ?
I'm sorry , I haven't decided yet . Do you mind giving me a couple of minutes ?
May I help you ?
Yes , is there a problem ? Ma ’ am ?
You know we went great lengths to promote the sales of your products . Through our continuous effort , consumers tend to accept your product . So , there will be a potential market for your product in this area , and would you let us act as your agent ?
If that's the case , we can talk about it first . What's your concept of a big amount ?
I'm afraid that's too much for us .
All right , we accept the challenge . What about the commission ? You know , we usually get a 20 % commission of the amount on every deal .
You may have known that we have competitors from South Korea and other countries . At the beginning of our campaign , there is sales resistance to overcome , we must send out salesmen to have the market investigation and spend a considerable amount of money on advertising in newspaper and TV programs . A 20 % commission will not leave us much .
We ’ Ve got a lot of work to do now , but take your time over this project . We don ’ t want to make any mistakes .
That ’ s right . We ’ ll finish them just in time . The Macy project can wait for the time being . We need to spend several days on that project , but it isn ’ t due to be finished until the end of the month , so we have plenty of time to get it done .
I ’ m going to give everyone on the team an extra day off . Everyone deserves it .
That ’ s true . Right . I ’ m going back to the meeting . It ’ s been going on for hours and there ’ s no indication that it ’ ll end soon .
Good . I have to go right now . I really hope this meeting doesn ’ t last too long .
I ’ ll stop by if I have time later . Make sure everyone knows that we must stick to the deadlines .
Where did you get assigned to go this time around ?
Hong Kong again . I would like to go somewhere different for a change .
If you really want to learn , remind me when you get back from your business trip .
When do you leave ?
What bus can I catch to get to the Gold Line ?
I live in Altadena .
It goes to the Gold Line ?
What street do I go to to catch it ?
I had no idea that bus went to the station .
I'm glad you told me .
Can you skillfully operate the computer ?
What kind of software can you use ?
Do you have any certificates on computer ?
Any other certificates ?
Do you have any other special skills ?
Hello everyone , and welcome to our CPR for beginners course . First of all , does anyone know what CPR stands for ?
That ’ s right ! We apply CPR in the case of cardiac arrest or pulmonary arrest .
Well , basically if your heart stops pumping blood , or your lungs stop pumping air , then we need to get them going again ! That ’ s when we have to apply this procedure . Let ’ s begin ! I need a volunteer .
Alright , come here and lay flat on your back . Let ’ s suppose this young woman has stopped breathing . We must lift the person ’ s chin so that we clear a pathway for air to get into the lungs . Then we place our mouth over the other person ’ s mouth and blow air two or three times , like this .
Madam I ’ m not trying to kiss you ! I am trying to demonstrate how to apply CPR in the case of an emergency .
As I was saying , we blow air through the mouth in this manner . Once this is done , we must try to get the heart going again . To do this , we place our hands over the person ’ s chest , and press down firmly two or three times .
Hello ?
No , not out of order . But we seem to have a bad connection on the phone line . I can ’ t hear you clearly .
Excuse me , can I have a look at the green coat ?
Yes , I like the style.Can I try this on ?
Excuse me . I need to refill this prescription .
Yes , I need to refill it today .
I was worried about that . I couldn't remember if I had it refilled twice yet or not .
Listen . This is an emergency . I tried to call my doctor , but he is out of town . So I can't see him in time . I need this medicine . It is for skin condition . I've run out.Can you just refill it once more ?
But I need it . Please . Refill it for me just this once . I can go to the doctor around ten days from now . Then I'll have another prescription .
But I have a prescription . I just need more of it .
Oh , it will be so expensive ! I have a special medical plan , and I can only see one doctor.It will cost me a lot of money to see another doctor .
This is ridiculous ! In Taiwan , it is much easier to get medicine when I need it .
Why don't you sit down and relax , darling ?
Well , come over and talk to me then .
May I turn on the TV then ?
So that we can sit down together and listen to some music .
I will , but let's go to the disco after dinner .
Can I help you ?
Certainly . What about moon cake ? It's typical Chinese food .
The moon cake is round and looks like the full moon . That's why it's called the moon cake and the moon cake symbolizes family reunion and harmony .
All the moon cakes are generally classified into two styles , Cantonese style and Suzhou style .
The skin of Cantonese style cakes is soft and puffy with heavy stuffing while the skin of Suzhou style cakes is puffy filled with fragrant nuts .
How would you comment on the paper ?
Don't you think it's a bit conservative ?
That's unfair , Mom .
Dad is bigger than you , but how come I'm smaller than May .
What should I do ?
Got it , Mom .
Mom , don't worry about me , I can do it .
What's the matter ?
Oh , you have to take the shuttle to Grand Central .
Hi ! Does this hotel have an exercise facility ?
Good . Now exactly where is it ?
Is this going to cost me anything ?
When does the gym open and close ?
Very good . Now , is there a trainer down there ?
Can I help you ?
Ok , would you like a phone with camera and MP3 player ?
I guess you should know that you need to be hospitalized .
Now you can go to the in-patient department to go through the admission procedures .
It's hard to say . It depends on your recovery condition . But you need to stay for at least one day for observation .
Sir , I am very glad to tell that we have successfully registered the trademark for our new product . It is the time to think of some effective promoting strategies . We are beginning to get more attention from overseas .
OK , Let me see . I suppose we must strengthen our promotion , because our brand is still new to some consumers . Maybe we should start our advertising program with our local and overseas distributors simultaneously , because they stand on a better position for selecting the best ways to advertise in market places . Besides , the advertisement fund can encourage them to spend more attention on advertising our products .
Waiter , come here please . Could we have a doggie bag ?
Hi , may I speak to Ryan , please ?
Hi , Ryan , this is Malia , and I will not be coming to work today .
I have really bad poison oak and can ’ t stop itching .
I ’ Ve had it a few days , but the rash really got bad last night .
I have some lotion that the doctor gave me , as well as an antihistamine .
Excuse me , you look lost.Can I help you ?
Right.Let me see.You go straight down here and turn right .
Then take the next left then the next right.Are you with me ?
I would like to talk to you , if you have time .
I want to discuss some things about my lease .
Can you tell me when my lease is up ?
If I ever decide to leave before the three years , will there be a problem ?
Why is that ?
Oh , I see .
Can I have my money back on this skirt ?
Yes , this is defective . See ? I didn't notice this hole when I bought it .
If you have exactly the same one-same color , same design , and same size , of course .
Hey , Philip ! You won ’ t believe this !
My son , Harvey just got into Harvard ! He starts next September .
Good morning . How are you ?
Oh ? What are you worried about ?
I'm sorry to hear that . Why do you think so ?
How do you sleep ?
Do you find it difficult to get to sleep , or do you wake up early ?
Are you worried about anything ?
I see . please take off your shirt and lie down on the couch .
Well , there's nothing very much wrong with you , I'm glad to say.You ' re working too hard and worrying too much.Do you take much exercise ?
I can , but I'm not going to . You don't need medicine . You need advice . Don't work so hard . Too much work is bad for you . Don't worry about your work.It ' s silly to worry . Take regular exercise .
Then get an easier one , even if you earn less money . Which would you rather have , health or wealth ?
Could you call Mr . Jacob for me , Sara ? I need to go over some stuff with him .
Sure , it ’ s 4-8- 7-2 . Don ’ t worry . You ’ re doing a fine job .
Well , Randy , I'd say you've got a bad case of the flu . The main thing to do is get plenty of rest and drink lots of liquids . I'll prescribe something for that throat .
Some aspirin or Panadol should help . You can pick some up at the pharmacy when you go to fill your prescription .
Is there anything I can do for you ?
We open at lo
OK , now let's go on to talk about initial deposits .
For Agreement Savings , we ask for 100,000 RIB .
You can use a Type A Agreement Savings Account the same was as a Settlement Account .
May I help you ?
What dose she look like ?
What was she wearing ?
When did you last see her ?
How long has it been ?
Good morning , Mr . Huang . It's a pleasure to meet you again .
Thank you . Can I meet my colleagues ?
Hi , Steven , welcome to join us !
That ’ s right . Just call me if you need anything .
Well , as the other guys are still not in , I ’ ll introduce you to them later .
You are late .
Couldn't get connection ?
Really ? I didn't know . Let me check . You're right .
It's a serious problem . I make expecting an important call . The theater is guilty . It supposed to call me this evening , and discuss my play . What were happened if they can't reach me ?
What did you cook ?
Great idea ! As long as I don't get food poisoning ! So what is on the menu tonight ?
This is delicious ! The ginger and lemongrass really gives it a nice taste !
This is delicious ! The combination of sour and spicy is really interesting ! I could have this everyday !
Wow , this is great ! I never knew Thai food was so creative and delicious !
Hey Michael . Where are you going ?
What for ?
Hey , I play basketball with a bunch of friends twice a week . It's great exercise and it's fun too . Why don't you come out and play with us ?
I have a problem .
My mattress was supposed to be delivered today .
The delivery people showed up four hours late .
I was late for work because of them .
I want my money back for the delivery .
It shouldn't be a problem .
Oh , I think I broke my leg .
Thanks .
All right .
James Taylor , 23 , March 30,1982 .
I don't have it .
I don't have health insurance .
I'm terrible sorry . I seem to have mislaid your MP4 .
Very sorry that I have caused you so much trouble .
Won't you let me buy a new one tomorrow ?
Please accept my deep apology .
How would you describe your relationship with our boss ?
What do you think his strengths are ?
It ’ s time to get up .
You shouldn ’ t stay up so late watching TV . I told you we had to get an early start .
Do you want to eat breakfast here ?
Hi ! Someone has reported a fault on one of your copiers .
When was it serviced ?
What's actually wrong with it ?
I don't know , but he gives me the creeps .
But what if he knows my name , where I live ...
Actually , he's really good-looking . Too bad he's a weirdo .
Now he's looking over here ! He's coming !
All right , Mr . Crane , when will you be arriving in the city ?
Only 25 minutes or so . We ’ ll send somebody to meet you . That ’ s 11:30 a . m . Friday the 15th ?
Excuse me , I'm looking for your casual short-sleeved shirts . Can you tell me where those are ?
Medium .
Thank you . I think I'll take this one , and these pants as well . They're a present for a friend .
Hello , Doctor .
It's nothing serious actually , doctor . It ’ s ... Well , I get tired very easily recently , and I often doze off during meetings , office hours and sometimes even while I'm dining .
About two months . I didn't pay much attention to it in the beginning , but you see , I got fired this morning . I dozed off while we were having an important meeting , right in front of the boss . I was very embarrassed .
Pretty good , I'd say .
No , doctor . I've actually put on two pounds .
Well , doctor ?
What examinations ?
Good afternoon , you look a little stuck . Can I help ?
I see . What is it exactly that you are interested in ?
Well , that all depends on how much you want to invest .
That's a nice round figure to deal with ! OK , if you were to buy this insurance policy , your yearly fixed income from it would be 94.35 RIB .
For the Savings Deposit you could actually get more . You see , in time deposit , the interest rate is 1.58 % after the 20 % interest tax . So , technically you could get more than a third more .
Name and examination number , please .
What part of the country do you come from ?
Where is it ?
Do you have a big family at your hometown ?
Are you married ?
Something's wrong with my computer .
All I get is a black screen .
I think I know , because this happened before .
My hard drive crashed .
It sure is , but I'm going to call HP first , just to make sure .
No , I always back up my files .
Hey , Taxi . Over here !
Yes , are you engaged
I am going to the airport , and I have to catch the 930 flight to New York .
But I can't miss the flight . It's an important meeting and it ’ s waiting for me .
That's great . How much is it to the airport
Fine . Will you please help me with the luggage
Thanks very much .
Ok , let's hurry .
What is the highest goal of your company ?
Well , it is a really high target .
Do you have any idea why I pulled you over today ?
One of your brake lights is out .
I'm going to give you a ticket .
It's just a ticket .
The judge will let you know .
Of course .
Hi , did you call for an exterminator ?
What sort of pest are we dealing with ?
Well , there ’ s nothing we can ’ t handle . I ’ ll spray the floorboards and walls to get rid of the cockroaches , but the termites will be harder to get rid of . We will have to cover the entire house and fu
do you remember where you were for the terrorist attacks on 9-11 ?
I was at home with my parents in New York City .
I didn't see the crash itself , but I did see the smoke and everything afterwards from my parents ' apartment building .
no , we decided to stay in our apartment . With all the buses out of service and the underground trains at a halt , many people had no choice but to walk home . It was utter chaos .
yes , my uncle's firm had an office in one of the towers .
unfortunately , he wasn't able to evacuate in time . He ended up dying in the tower .
it was . The hijackers didn't have any respect for human life not even their own .
Is English acceptable for you ?
What's your name ?
What ’ s your nationality ?
What is your date of birth ?
And your occupation ?
What's your passport No . ?
Where do you live in China ?
You are suspected of smuggling . Do you understand your rights ?
Greg . I want to speak to you for a minute .
I ’ m afraid there is , Greg . I don ’ t mind you taking a break . But you ’ Ve been away from your desk for twenty-five minutes already .
Excuse me . I'm looking for an old music box .
Something made in the ' 20s would be nice .
Are dancing figures a part of any of the boxes ?
Oh , these are great . I think I'll take this one .
Now , does this come with a warranty ?
That doesn't surprise me .
Why not go to the supermarket today , the coupon will be past due in three days .
Let me check . Yes , we can .
I've read your report , and I'm not sure I agree with you.You think you can get attendance improved by requiring salaried employees to take their all of their sick days ?
We give them 10 or 15 sick days per year . Surely requiring people to take them couldn't possibly help . It sounds like a counter - productive policy change to me .
I see . So our current policies are encouraging sick people to come to work , resulting in more sick employees .
Can you loan me fifty dollars until pay day ?
Mommy , can I stay up until eleven o'clock ?
Have you been served , sir ?
It's on the fourth floor .
Would you mind if I ask your health status ?
That is good . We hope each of our future employees will be healthy and happy .
This website offers very convenient air tickets booking service . It is quick and accurate .
So it has attracted more and more customers these days .
Where can I park my car ?
Okay . Here you are .
Good morning , Miss Cai . Congratulations ! You ’ Ve passed the interview .
Oh . Take it easy . As I ’ Ve said in the interview , once you are employed , we ’ ll give you a probation period of three months . And now we need to sign a draft agreement for the probation period .
Of course , here you are . And you can ask me any question .
Well , according to the principle of our company , employees like you have no remuneration during the probation period .
I am sorry , it ’ s not decided by me but by the company .
Okay . Can you give me a reply tomorrow ?
Hi , taxi.Could you take me to the financial street , please
I want to go to the financial stree .
Excuse me , how long does it take to get there ?
Oh , does it really a long way to go .
No , I'm not.you can just drive slowly and carefully .
You are very skillful driver .
By the way , is the fair the same for any distance ?
k , so what have you got in store for me tonight ?
what ? I don't understand .
Oh ! Ha-ha ! That's not what I mean when I said ' go Dutch ' !
' going Dutch ' means to split the bill , silly !
I'm famished ! Let's get some grub !
Me , too ! The chips here are so light and crispy .
I'll go get the chips . What do you want to drink ?
Hey Michael . Where are you going ?
What for ?
Hey , I play basketball with a bunch of friends twice a week . It's great exercise and it's fun too . Why don't you come out and play with us ?
Excuse me , but could you give me some change ?
I want to make a long distance phone call .
Hello , Is this EYE computers ?
Actually , I'm calling to complain about your service . The computer I bought last week is faulty .
Well , easily , It doesn't work . It doesn't even start probably .
I would like to open an account today .
I want to open a checking account .
How much is it ?
Is that all ?
What happens if I don ’ t meet that requirement ?
How much ?
Who is the next one ?
Give the mike to him .
Be quiet . He is singing .
So did I .
Hello Mr Janus . What can we do for you today ?
Haha ! I actually think that many locals would disagree with you ; they are all dying to be paid in US dollars .
Thanks , Mr Janus . Of course I trust you , but regulations are regulations .
Hello , this is Francis .
Today , I am busy all day long .
That ’ s not good for me at all.It ’ ll have to be another time .
I know . I am available from 1 PM to 4 PM on Friday afternoon .
Would you like to travel ?
How many languages can you speak in addition to your mother tongue ?
That's fine . What salary do you get at your present position ?
We'll start you off with a base salary of $ 20,000 a year , with bonuses that can add up to $ 40,000 . A company car , and a company pension scheme . Is that acceptable to you ?
Excellent . Well , thank you very much , Mr . B , and you'll be hearing from us in the next few days , either way .
I heard there is a big yard sale at weeks this saturday morning , i will go there to see if there is some nice clothes , do you want to go with me ?
How about we go to the yard sale first and then to the university flea market ?
Is there a train leaving for Philadelphia ?
May I buy a ticket here at the station ?
Where ?
Could you have a taxi pick me up and take me to the airport before 1 p . m . ?
I live at 323 Park Street .
What are your rates ?
I have four very large suitcases . Will those fit in the taxi ?
What kind of permanent would you like to have ?
Oh , we have quite a regular , cold perm , straight perm , pin curl and foam .
Hi , I am afraid that the fax machine in my room won ’ t be working till tomorrow . A technician has just come and checked it . He will bring me a new one tomorrow . It seems there is a big problem with mine and it will take some days for repairing . Can I use the one in your office ?
Yes , I think you have the same model as I have . Does your fax machine print out immediately a transmission protocol ?
Could you tell me how to use the washer and dryer ?
Do you know how to turn them on ?
I need change for the machines ?
So what do I need to do ?
That's really all I have to do ?
Thanks for all your help .
What can I do for you ?
How many carats diamond do you want ?
Is this one suit for you ?
What about this ?
Yes , try this one please .
3,500 yuan .
I am here to tell you that the clothes are very much to taste of our market and the customers are quite satisfied with the excellent quality .
Well , we have an extensive sales organization and a thorough knowledge of Asian market . Your products would sell very well here . We are prepared to do more business with you . We are also interested in handing a sole agent for you .
I ’ m thinking about redecorating my bedroom . I bought this magazine in order to get some ideas . What do you think of this ?
I ’ d like to have the bed and the wardrobe .
Yes , it would . It ’ s very expensive though .
Yes . I ’ m sure I could find something similar at one . I ’ d also like to get a new carpet for my bedroom .
How much does it cost to hire a motorbike ?
Good . I think I'll hire one for 7 days .
Good afternoon , sir . May I help you ?
Would you like anything to drink with that ?
Will that be all ?
For here or to go ?
Tonight is a party night ! What drinks do you think we need ?
I don ’ t think we need too much in the way of soft drinks . Two super bottles of Cola should cover everyone . What about wine ?
No , once I fill the tub with beer , I ’ ll get the ice . The beer will be cool if you put the tub under the ice . The cooler , the better .
You have any ideas as to what you want to do this weekend ?
I'm not quite sure yet .
What movie are you and your friend planning on watching ?
No good movies come to mind .
No , thanks . Maybe another time .
There ’ s a big sale on clothes and sporting goods at Riverside Mall .
Yeah , it ’ s 30 percent off the regular price .
Yeah , it ’ s a couple weeks away , and we don ’ t have anything yet .
I know , I know , but if I didn ’ t buy it for him , he ’ d never buy it .
Well , all shoes are 20 percent off .
I know , but another pair can ’ t hurt .
Hello , Mr . Brown .
Yes , I'm here to fix your pipes .
You are going to be really jealous when you find out where I ’ m headed for the holidays !
You got it ! I ’ m going to spend two fabulous weeks in Hawaii !
Good morning , Japan Airline domestic reservations . Can I help you ?
The flight to Huston takes off daily every two hours from 6:00 to 11:00 pm . So you don't need a reservation . Seats are available on a ' first come , first served ' basis .
Now that we know what kind of music we will play , we have to decide what each of us will do .
Oh yeah ! I'm a great rapper . And I know all the Vanilla Ice lyrics by heart .
How are you ?
What can I do for you ?
You sure do .
You owe $ 235.13 in fees .
When will you be paying these fees off ?
Cash or check ?
Hello , this is Sunshine Trading Company . Can I help you ?
Great . Could you tell me something about cash control ?
I'm quite upset ! I want a new room and a refund for tonight .
I'm about to be swept away by millions of cockroaches !
Thank you . I didn't want to have to take this to court .
Where do you see yourself three years from now ?
Good answer , Miss Zhang-good answer ! Seriously , though , are you interested in staying in a staff-level position , or would you hope to move into management someday ?
Fine . What kind of relationship do you think should exist between a boss and his or her employees ?
That man's really a bore to me .
Hello , Lucy , I heard you did a good deal in interview .
What did you do in the interview ?
Are all these helpful for the interview ?
Anything else ?
what are your strong points ?
what kind of people do you like to work with ?
what ’ s your greatest strength ?
so , you ’ re smart .
what do you consider your weakness ?
Couldn't you extend the delivery period by two weeks ? That would make things much easier for us .
I can understand , but our company is fully committed at the moment , and hundreds of clients are placing orders for delivery these days .
What is your favorite coffee ?
All right . Would you make coffee yourself when you are at home ?
I think instant coffee is becoming more and more popular . Though its taste is not perfect , it's really cheap and convenient .
I agree . I heard that in the western countries , almost everyone likes coffee . Is that true ?
No , we don't , especially the elder people . But more and more young people fall for coffee nowadays .
I really want to get something to eat .
I don't know what I want to eat .
Chinese food sounds good .
I haven't the slightest idea .
You like Panda Express ?
Maybe I'll go there then .
Ann , stop bugging Jess and help me order something new . Lattes are so passe these days .
Sounds a little weak .
Sounds better , but I hope it doesn't inspire me to take a hammer to the client's head .
when do most children start school in your country ?
How much time do primary school students usually spend at school every day ?
do they have to go to school on Saturdays ?
how many subjects do they have to study ?
do students have to wear uniforms in schools in America ?
did you go to a public school or a private school ?
I went to a boarding school from nursery school to senior high school .
yes , they were horrible . We had to wear green every day !
... Now , that's all I want to say about world coal reserves . So let's move on to the next topic , renewable resources . There are three things we have to consider when talking about renewable resources . First , sustainability ; second , marketability ; lastly , the reality factor . Let's talk about each point in more detail ... John , would you like to take it from here ?
Have you got anything for diarrhea ?
How should I take this medicine ?
I see . I'll follow your instructions .
Hello , sir . Is there anything I can help you find ?
Need a gift for your girlfriend or wife ?
Well , if you need anything , just ask .
I absolutely love what you're wearing today .
Seriously , it looks really nice on you . Where did you buy it from ?
I really like that outfit .
Thank you . I just bought these new shoes earlier today .
These are some Chucks .
I got them for forty .
This is a great meal !
Who taught you how to cook this well ?
Wow , what is in this chicken dish ?
Is the soup a shrimp soup ?
I think I got lucky in choosing a wine that blends with this meal .
Have you any tour route to Budapest ?
About 2 weeks .
Well , will you offer me any reduction since it's a out-of-season tour ?
We have a holiday next week , don't we ?
What're you going to do ?
At cars ! You aren't thinking about buying a car , are you ?
But it will be expensive to have a car in the city , won't it ?
But what about parking ? You can't park on the street , can you ?
Ah , Oh ! Are you hurt ?
Maybe I'd better call an ambulance .
Are you sure ?
Hello . Holiday Inn . How can I help you ?
Oh , I ’ m sorry to hear that .
Certainly . May I have your name , please ?
Okay . I have canceled your reservation , Mr . Smith .
Good evening Ms . Jackson . Fancy meeting ’ you here .
Clyde Smith . Pleasure to meet you . May I treat you ladies to dinner ?
You weren't going to tell her about chitterlings and hog maws , were you ? Well , my Creole ancestors never ate that stuff . We have refined French tastes .
Hello ! Can I help you ?
Oh , it's the high time for you purchasing in our clothes shop . We are now having a preseason sale on all our winter apparel .
Every thing for winter is 20 % off .
Sure , we have both skirts and trousers that would look well with the sweater . Look at this section .
You have a good taste . It's very much in style this year .
Look on the rack to the right .
Good afternoon , passport and arrival card please .
Where are you coming from ?
Is this your country of birth or residence .
What is the purpose of your visit to the United States ?
How long do you plan to stay in the United States ?
Sir , you didn't fill out the information on your arrival card of where you will be staying .
You must specify an address of the place where you will spend most of your time .
Do you have enough means to support yourself while you are here ?
Very good . Do you have anything to declare ?
Hello , what can I do for you ?
Give me your water and electricity bills , please .
You should pay 160 yuan for the electricity fee and 80 yuan for the water fee .
Yes . Will you pay by cash or credit card ?
I get 250 yuan from you , and this is the change , 10 yuan .
Can I help you , Madam ?
How much would you like to exchange ?
It's US 100 for RIB 802 today .
Fill out this exchange memo , please .
Wait a second , please ... These are 24,060 RIB and the receipt , please check them .
Why don't we get you some shirts ?
But we should get you some shirts while we're here . You need summer shirts .
Why ? They have everything here .
Let's just look and see what they have .
What about these shirts ? Do you see anything you like ?
Oh , come on ! Don't be so sour . These are beautiful shirts . I know if we don't buy some today , you will never go shopping by yourself .
Here . Look at this shirt . Try it on .
I don't know . Let me look on the rack . Here is one . LARGE . Try it on .
The fitting rooms are over there .
It looks good on you .
No , it looks great.Why are you always like this when you're shopping ? You know it looks good .
I think we'll buy this one . And I want you to try on this one too .
You should be happy I want you to look good.If I let you shop for yourself , you would never buy anything .
I need to know why I'm being charged $ 10 for a movie that I never ordered .
Monday night ? Monday night I was at a great concert .
Thank you . It's very nice when problems can be solved quickly .
Are you crazy ? You made the mistake and now you're charging me for your mistake ?
Why don't you just stick a gun in my ribs and take everything I have ?
Good morning . I've come here to inquire whether I can get a visa to your country ?
I have been invited to teach Chinese at the University of Hawaii for two years .
Of course . Here you are .
Good morning , may I help you ?
That's a beautiful city . When do you want to go there ?
I have a problem with my credit card .
There is a charge on my card that I didn't make .
It's for a purse that cost $ 350 .
I can't even afford a purse that expensive .
I was at work , but the purchase was made at 3
OK.Do I have to pay for this charge ?
Could you explain the paper-making process to us - in very simple terms - please ?
So , is it actually paper at this stage ?
I need to get some business cards printed up .
I think I can get by with 2,000 .
I hope you can make the new cards just like my old cards .
... Okay , I'm through . Here's the form and my old card .
Now that I think of it , three days is better than seven .
Hello , I want to make a reservation for a Qingdao cruise .
Next week .
Good ! How much does the sea view stateroom cost for per person ?
I see . Does that include fees for shore excursions ?
Have you made a reservation ?
We have had a window table reserved for you . This way , please .
You're welcome .
I'll bring it over .
We have squirrel shaped mandarin fish , seeds prawn , etc .
Hello , Mr Kowalski ?
Which city are you staying in right now ? And the name of your hotel ?
Do you have your passport with you ? Or do you by any chance know the number ?
Let me repeat that back to you , 16211469 9 . That's just what I've done , Mr Kowalski , I've stopped your card temporarily .
You can go to any branch of IBA and request the Emergency Assistance Service . Everything will be taken care of , there's no need to worry .
I enjoyed talking to you .
We should hang out some time .
Is there anything you would like to do next time ?
I'd like that .
I'm going to call you soon .
See you soon .
I love Chinese food .
Well , I always order fried spring rolls when I go to Chinatown .
Really ? But they're delicious !
That sounds great .
How much are these apples ?
Do you accept coupons ?
Here are my coupons . Is that enough ?
Hi . I'm looking for some good deals on produce .
Can you describe a mango to me ?
Do I eat the seed ?
What's the price of these mangoes ?
Tell me what they taste like .
Do I need to buy them ripe , or will they ripen at home ?
Where do mangoes come from ?
Mom , are those tattoos on your brows ?
Moooooommmmm ! You're so in ! Anything else you've been keeping from me ?
Any body piercing ? Stick out your tongue !
Come on mom . I'm your A ! Wait till the guys hear about this !
Can I see the paper when you're through , Sally ?
Office software like Windows might be one of the best inventions in this information age . It saves us from so much work and makes the communication even around the world much easier .
Yes , this machine is even smaller than those before .
Excuse me . What time does the next bus for Boston leave ?
I see . Are there any seats available ?
Good . How much is a one-way ticket ?
All right . Here's 40 dollars .
Thank you . Which gate should I go to for the bus ?
Thank you very much .
Are you free next thursday ?
A bunch of us in the office are planning a retiring party for Bob , he's been with the office for ages , so everyone was really surprised to hear he took early retirement .
Retirement age is still 65 , but I think more and more people are retiring earlier , I think Bob's in upper fifties already , he just looks pretty young .
May I help you find something , or are you just looking ?
Then take your time , please .
How do you like the food here ?
There are many things I miss . You can't get the ingredients here .
Where can I get a good novel ?
What are in this folder ?
Are they filed alphabetically ?
Can you find last month ’ s report for me , please ?
Will you bring our bill , please ?
Thanks.Let me see . I think there's a mistake on the bill here.Would you mind checking , please ?
How about tax and service charge ?
Then one hundred U . S . dollars covers everything , doesn't it ?
What's going on here ?
Why are you climbing through the window and not leaving by the front door ?
Just a minute you two . I don't think you're telling me the truth . This isn't poorhouse , is it ?
Is he at home ?
What's Ron Marston like , Pauline ?
What did your boss say to him ?
Did he telephone again last night ?
What did you say to him ?
Did he telephone again ?
Does this bus really go to the mall ?
Are you sure ?
How long does it take for the bus to get there ?
Where do we get off the bus ?
The stop is really at the mall ?
That's perfect .
I really need to find a bus that goes by PCC .
All the way up on Las Flores Drive and Fair Oaks .
Walking isn't a problem for me .
Which direction do I want ?
Do you know where I get off at ?
Thanks for letting me know , home-girl .
Mr . Chandler will be our new partner , so his visit this time will be extremely important for our cooperation in future , because it may decide whether Mr . Chandler sign the trade contract with us or not . Do you have some idea ?
En , you are right , and he will trust us and maybe the contract will be signed soon . But remember to keep some skills of our manufacturing secret . On one hand , show his our best side ; on the other hand , do not show too much to protect our own business secrets .
Are you making what I think you're making ?
What a nostalgic food !
No . Just the smell of bread toasting to a perfect golden brown ...
This is a nice place , but you need to get some furniture .
Do you have a bed ?
That's good . You can put one in this room and put the other one in that room .
Yeah . By the way , can I take a shower ?
Really ?
Well , do you want to go outside for dinner ?
Please tell us the exact time when the big fire broke out .
But we need the exact time . What time ?
Where's the nearest bank ?
Broadway Mall is having a big sale this weekend . You wanna go ?
Well , we can still do some window shopping , can't we ?
Boris , look at this sentence . " Healthy eating is not about strict nutrition philosophies , staying unrealistically thin , or depriving yourself of foods you love . " It's interesting , isn't it ?
I believe they are careful calculations on proteins , vitamins and calories .
Healthy eating is not about depriving oneself of the foods one loves . So we are free to have whatever foods we love . It is unbelievable .
Seriously ?
Maybe nowadays people hold different opinions on healthy diet .
Who wants to go first ? Lily ?
OK.Put on something by the Backstreet Boys !
John , you have done a good job . Our new series computer is appreciated by the guests . They intend to sign contracts with our company . You really did a good job .
Hah , as the sale department director of our team , you are the best .
Why not ? You've done so well for the company . She should give you a prize .
Come on ! What are you nervous about ?
But the sale number is close to the predicted amount .
Can I help you , Miss ?
OK , tell me your friend's name .
I am not sure what to do to get ready for my job interview .
No , I probably need to do some more research .
I think that their attitude is rather casual .
I have absolutely nothing so far .
Yes , where should we go from here ?
What can I do for you , madam ?
How about this one ?
They're three hundred dollars .
OK , This one is one hundred and twenty.It ' s the cheapest here .
Good morning . Could I speak to Frans Smith please ?
Is this Taiwan 8234342 2 , DS engineering ?
The accounts department , I think .
How did you get it ?
What a find ! So , how much does it cost ?
What can I do for you ?
Hey , Jack , I'd better go now .
Right ! And I have to finish the report by 5:30 p . m .
Okay , no problem . Bye !
I think we have everything in the contract . Shall we sign it ?
I believe we can solve disputes through an amicable negotiation .
All right . I agree with you . But where do we hold arbitration ?
It sounds reasonable . The clause should be like this - any disputes arising from the execution of this contract shall be settled in a friendly way . If no settlement can be reached through consul - nation and conciliation , the disputes shall be submitted for arbitration by a mutually nominated arbitrator . The arbitrator's decision on the dispute is final and binding on the both parties .
Here we are , Ryan ! This is where we're going to celebrate !
You won't need it . Stanley , my best man , is going to treat everybody !
If it were up to Stanley , we'd have the wedding in the ETV ! He loves to sing .
How nice these sunglasses are !
I want to try on this pair .
That's right .
I agree , how much ?
I am Liu Yi , from China XYZ Company . I ’ d like to see Mr . Thomas , please .
No , I am afraid not . I just arrive in town today .
Would you please ask when he will be free ?
Hi , Bob .
Passed .
Freeze ! Police ! Put your hands over your head !
You're under arrest for concealing illegal drugs .
You are suspected of hiding illegal drugs . So we are taking you into custody .
We've found some heroin at your house .
That may be , but you're still under arrest . And you'd better stop talking .
I know that you are interested in our washers .
We supply washers of all types and sizes . We have years of experience in the manufacture of washers .
Our prices compare favorably with those offered by other manufactures either in Europe or anywhere else . Here are our latest price lists . You will see that our prices are very attractive .
Sure , we do .
As a rule , we deliver all our orders within three months after receipt of relevant L / C . It takes longer , of course , for special orders . In no case would it take longer than six months .
How much is it ?
It s a little overpriced . Is there any discount on this laptop ?
I ’ d buy this if it were cheaper . How about 5 000 yuan ?
Is it the final price ?
Hi , excuse me . I am sorry to bug you , but do you know where the Royal Hotel is ?
Well , I seem to be a little bit lost here . I am worried that I ’ ll never find my way . What's worse . I forgot my glasses and as blind as a bat now .
I am trying to get to the Royal Hotel . Do you know where that is ?
Great . Are there any landmarks nearby ?
Oh , that's good . I should be able to find it pretty easily then . Is that far from here ?
Oh , that will take too long and I am kind of in a hurry . Can I take a bus there ?
All right . I guess I'll take a taxi then . How long will it take by taxi ?
Cool , thanks .
Are you ready to order , sir ?
Of course . Here you are .
Our seafood is fresh . I recommend shrimp with garlic .
Mr . Emory ? I ’ d appreciate it if you would look over these letters before you leave today .
Thank you , sir . I ’ ll leave them here . If there are no problems , I ’ ll mail them out this afternoon .
Hang out the clothes .
we'd like to rent a flat near the university .
yes , we are . obviously , we'd like something as cheap as possible . we've heard that there are places for 80 to 100 pounds a month .
net really , no . we'd preferably like to live in a quiet street .
we'll need two bedrooms . the kitchen and dining room can be separate or combined .
how far away is it from the campus ?
that sounds ideal . can we go to have a look at it ? we'd like to see it before making a final decision .
I'm getting so paunchy that I'm afraid I have to buy a new belt to-morrow , and I think I must go on a diet .
You know , I'm a compulsive overeater . I got to watch what I eat .
May I speak to Mr . Thomas ?
I hate to trouble of you . But it is urgent . Please leave this message into him
Did you even bother to go to school today ?
No , I didn't feel like it .
No , but that was a random change of subject .
I haven't lately .
So then , why don't you just go ?
Okay , so are you going to school tomorrow ?
The bartender just gave the last call . Let's order another round , okay ?
That sounds good . You order the beer while I go to the bathroom . Where is the can in this place ?
Yeah . I think I can find it .
That's because I just took one step inside and turned right around . That bathroom is too gross for me .
Let's leave then . I could take some fresh air , anyway .
May I have the menu , please ?
Could I have a few more minutes ?
Oh great ! This stupid computer froze again ! That's the third time today ! Hey Samuel , can you come take a look at my PC ? It's acting again . It must have a virus or something .
But I'm quite careful when I'm browsing the internet , I have no idea how I could have picked a virus .
Ok . Anything else ?
I want to reserve a VIP room at 7:00 this evening .
8 . Is your VIP room big enough for 8 persons ?
May , look at this mess ! You threw waste everywhere .
Do you have any experience working with a computer ?
What kind of software can you use ?
Do you have any other computer qualifications ?
Do you know how to use a PC to process the management information ?
Can you believe her ? She is not even a hundred pounds and she is going off on how she wants to go on a diet .
Me too . But what are we going to do ? I have been on 4 different diets and I can't seem to lose weight .
What do you know ? You are over weight too .
I know . But I don't have someone to diet with . If we help each other and motivate each other , then I think we can lose some weight .
C'mon . You'll feel better and look better and as a reward you can eat a little bit of ice cream here and there .
It's a great idea . I can't believe I didn't think of this earlier . Going on a diet with a friend to back you up is a great way to succeed .
Great . I'll get our plan started right away .
Excuse me , is this the right counter for express mail ?
I want to send some important documents to Canada for my postgraduate admission .
Yes , the deadline for applying is 1st Feb , so I hope they will arrive in 3 days .
Really ? But can you guarantee the safety ?
OK . I will send them now .
All right . Here you are .
Excuse me , sir .
I heard that we will call at some ports on the way . Is that true ?
Where will we call at ?
Dalian is my hometown .
Can I get off the ship and walk around ?
Jodi , I must get a hold of Jim today , but I forgot his address and phone number .
Really ? You ’ Ve helped me a lot . Thank you .
Does this TV work well ?
Is it a color TV or a black and white TV ?
I came in response to your advertisement for a salesperson .
My name is Woody .
Because I admire your company . Yours is one of the most effective and respectable companies in this city .
Yes , five years ago . I began to work in a fashion company in Shanghai . Two years ago , I came to Beijing , and worked in a department store as a salesman .
You should save some money on parking here .
Really ? How long did it take you to find a spot yesterday ?
You get home late , don ’ t you ?
Ah , well . You can ’ t have everything .
How about this opera given by the famous musician ?
Foreign Currency Deposits Counter , yes . What can I do for you ?
OK . We offer 2 types of saving systems , Time Savings and Demand Savings . With Time Savings your money cannot be withdrawn for a certain period of time , but with Demand Savings your money is ' on demand ' , you can withdraw at any time .
There's quite a large difference . I mean , if you were to use demand deposit we could give you 0.13 % interest , but for a time deposit , of say , 1 year we would offer 0.82 % .
Thanks for inviting me over for dinner this evening .
It looks delicious .
We wish to express our desire to trade with you in leather shoes .
Good morning , Mr Wang .
It's just nine o'clock .
Yes , you're on time . Are you often late ?
You must leave home earlier today .
Why are you so early today ?
What can I do for you ?
Are you depositing cash or a check ?
Please sign the back of the check .
Do you want cash back ?
How much cash would you like ?
Here ’ s your $ 150 .
When do you plan to deliver the goods ?
Please pay close attention to the safety of the shipment .
May I ask you a few questions about insurance ?
Now we've given a CIF Shanghai price for some steel plates . What insurance rate do you suggest we should get ?
Why not ?
Then am I right in understanding that FPA doesn't cover partial loss for the nature of particular average .
Are there any other clauses in marine policies ?
Well , thank you very much for all that information . Could you give me a quotation for my consignment now ?
Yes . My customer is in urgent need of the steel plates .
Would you show me some table-cloths ?
How much is it ?
That ’ s reasonable .
I need help finding a gift for my daughter .
That sounds like a good idea .
She mentioned a Mac . How much is it ?
That sounds like a great price . I'll take one .
I'll use my VISA .
Just take it home and plug it in ?
She's going to be so pleased with this .
Hi there ! My name ’ s Terry Graham . You ’ re new around here , huh ?
Well , if there ’ s anything I can do for you , let me know .
Union Bank . How can I be of service ?
I'll need your name and account number .
You look upset.What ' s wrong ?
Maybe you need a vacation or something , or maybe a bonus .
Why don't you talk to your boss about it ? If you talk to him , he will surely understand .
What type do you have in your mind ?
Thirty dollars a day .
Doctor , I feel much better now . Will I be albe to go home some time this week ?
Do you think I can get back to work very soon ?
Is there anything I should do ?
Should I take some medicine ?
It's very kind of you .
Hello , Jason . Are you free this Saturday evening ?
Would you like to Come to our barbecue ?
OK . See you then .
Hey ! I didn't know that ! When did you become a vegetarian ?
Relly ? That's amazing .
Are you kidding ? I really don't think that you think less clearly on non-vegetarian diet .
Maybe I'll also have a try some day , but I'm afraid that it would be difficult for me to refuse meat .
Do you know that I'm checking out in about 30 minutes ?
Excellent ! Now , as you know , the day has barely begun .
I want to hit a few more places in the city , but I need a place to put my luggage .
Leave a deposit ? Isn't leaving the luggage enough of a deposit ?
Hmm . I'll have to think about this for a second .
Hi , waiting for the bus ? Where are you going ?
Why don't you take a taxi ? It'll get you there much faster .
I'm checking out tomorrow . What time must I vacate the room ?
May I ask whether we are allowed to wear casual clothes in the office ?
Thank you for telling me that .
What are they ? I ’ ll be careful .
I got it .
Hey , Mom , look what I found !
Are you doing the football pools , Brian ?
You always say that , but we never win anything ! What will you do if you win a lot of money ?
I don ’ t want a mink coat ! I want to see the world .
But if we spend all that money we shall be poor again . What will we do then ?
Waiter , bring me the menu , will you ?
I'd like to see the menu.Would you get me one , please ?
Thank you.Ah ! But this is in French.Would you mind giving me the English menu ?
Thanks . I'll need a while to choose.Could you come back in a minute ?
I'm sorry , I haven't decided yet.Do you mind giving me a couple of minutes ?
Good morning , sir . What can I do for you ?
Have you made a reservation ?
Yes , children are half price .
What do you feel like eating this morning ?
The most important meal of the day is breakfast .
You can always make an easy breakfast .
All I make is oatmeal , toast , and some orange juice .
I like it , and it's a fast meal .
I can make it for you if you like .
Hi , Yang Tang . Come in ! Pretty hot out there , isn't it ? Did you have trouble finding us ? Sit ! Sit !
Yang Tang , just call me Fred ! Everyone does .
No problem . No problem at all . Say , it says here in your resume you studied in California . Great place , isn ’ t it ? I studied in California myself . I really enjoyed it . What did you like most about California ?
Yeah , the people are quite relaxed ... Those were some great times I spent there . Well , thanks for stopping by . Are you from King Dao , Yang Tang ?
Good morning , Maintenance Department .
Which air conditioner ?
What seems to be the problem ?
May I have your room number , please ?
OK , we'll send someone up to check it .
May I help you ?
He's in a meeting with Phil .
Excuse me , Mr . Macmillan ?
I was hoping you would write a letter of recommendation . I want to enter a Master ’ s program in marketing . It ’ s all on weekends and evenings .
Welcome to Galant . How can I help you ?
Of course . We have three different plans with different prices you can choose from . The first one is the cheapest but most basic plan which is thirty dollars a month . This is for broadband internet with a download speed of five hundred and twelve kbps .
Well , this connection might be a bit too slow for your needs . I suggest you get the premium package for fifty dollars a month which includes a connection speed of two megabytes . That way you can play games online without any lag . This package also includes a wireless router and a personal firewall absolutely free !
Lucky for you , this month we aren ’ t charging our normal installation fee . You are saving yourself 100 bucks right there ! And we ’ ll throw in this pen drive !
Mr . Crane ’ s office . Sandy speaking . May I help you ?
Certainly , Mr . Knight . When would you like to meet with him ?
Tell me about yourself and your past experience .
Why are you interested in this occupation ?
What do you think is the chief characteristic for a stewardess ?
Do you get angry easily ?
If a passenger had a accident , what would you do ?
If you are hired , when can you start work ?
What are your salary expectations ?
I love your little Lulu dolls.How much for a batch of 6,000 ?
That ’ s a little steep for our company.Do you offer any discounts ?
Hmmm.It wouldn ’ t be easy , but if the discount makes it worthwhile , we can consider it.How much of a discount would that give us ?
So , for an additional 6,000 dollars , we get twice as many dolls ? That still might be a little hard.Couldn ’ t you discount it further ? We ’ Ve been pricing other suppliers , and this discount might
I'm here to open a Current Account with your bank .
Here you go . Is there a minimum amount I need to pay in ?
OK , how long does it need to be ? I'm not very good with remembering long numbers .
Hello , so how are we feeling today ?
Am I correct in thinking that you are here for your annual physical ?
Your basic physical exam will include lungs , heart , blood levels , and eyes , ears , and nose .
We can do an allergy test , and later I can send you for an asthma test .
I am going to check your cholesterol , blood sugar , and white blood cell count .
Is anybody here ?
Quite a lot . I need one pound of potatoes , three pints of milk , a dozen eggs and one pound of tomatoes .
How much are the lemons ?
Give me a dozen lemons .
No , thanks . How much in total ?
I am glad to meet you , Mr.Joey .
That is excellent , your investment proposal is a wise decision . May I have some idea of your suggestion ?
Excuse me , do you know the shortcut to the Lincoln park ?
Thank you very much . Is the back gate open now ?
Can you show me some jade , please ?
No , but I do like jade bracelets .
Thank you . ( A moment later ) Oh , this one is quite impressive . I'll take it . By the way , do you sell pearl earrings ?
I wonder which looks more lustrous .
I hope we could offer the most favorable terms .
Good . Is there any commission included ? We are commission agents .
Ok . How about the earliest possible shipment ?
Could you make an offer on FOB basis ?
I want to check in now . Here is my ticket .
No , sir .
I'd like an aisle seat . I feel terrible near the window .
I ’ d like to post this letter to Korea .
Hello . I want to reconfirm our flight to London .
Yes , I did . But I couldn't communicate with them in English.They speak only Spanish.So I need your help .
We are taking IB 385 to London tomorrow at 1 p . m .
Mary , it seems that your family and friends have been calling you recently , am I right ?
What do they say ?
Really ? What jobs are they ?
It's great !
This is a good opportunity .
You can give it a try ! May be you will succeed .
If you have any good jobs , keep an eye for me !
Daddy , I love this Happy Farmhouse . It's really fun .
But you are holding it for me . Nothing to worry about . I trust you . Oops , what's that ?
What would happen if they started attacking you ?
I see . Why do people come all the way here to pick apples by themselves and take them home ? Isn't it easier for them to buy the apples in the supermarket ?
Come on , daddy . You can see that people only pick the red ones .
Oh , then what would happen if there were pests ?
May I see your airplane ticket , passport and health certificate please ?
Will you please put your luggage on the scale ?
Sir , your bags are 30 pounds over weight . You are allowed only 45 pounds of baggage .
Can your dog do any tricks ?
I wish I had a dog . My cat can't do any tricks .
So who takes care of him then ?
I can't do that with my cat . She hates water .
Mm , they taste delicious . Let's settle the bill .
No . It's on me this time .
Have you a garment ?
Show me the black one , my size .
Hi , I would like to send this package to China , and these postcards as well .
Great . How much is this going to cost ?
What ’ s the difference ?
May I ask who's the manager ?
I've something urgent to tell you .
Lily ! Why aren't you up and ready for school ?
Lily , if you're acting sick just because you want to play hooky ...
Would you mind waiting a while ?
I'm not sure . But I'll get a table ready as fast as I can .
I'm so hungry . Shall we go eat now , Rick ?
How about some dumplings ? I just can't get enough of them .
Well , what do you have in mind ?
Oh , it's too spicy for me . Don't you remember last time when I tasted the lamb ? It Was so spicy my eyes teared up !
Sounds great . Do they serve noodles ? I am in the mood for some tasty noodles as well .
Great . Let's go !
What kind of films do you like best ?
I don't like feature films . I think sometimes it loses contact with reality . I like to see some documentary films . What kind of feature films do you like best ?
Excuse me . What's the time difference between Beijing and San Francisco ?
Are we losing or gaining a day on the way to America ?
So does it mean we're arriving on the same day ?
Hey Mel ! Are you up for some tennis today ?
You sound exhausted . Maybe you should hire a nanny to help you out ! She can pick the kids up and take them to their after-school activities . She can also help you do some household chores , and run some errands .
I think you should definitely consider it ! This way you won ’ t have to juggle such a busy schedule , and you ’ ll still get to spend time with the kids in the evenings . I can refer you this great nanny Amy . She used to work for my neighbors , before they moved away . She ’ s very responsible , a good cook , and great with kids .
Have you had enough time to look over the menu ?
Let me remind you of the specials of the day , which are posted on the board .
Yes , we would be happy to prepare the food to meet your special needs .
Yes , the roasted vegetable salad is good , and the portabella mushroom burger is also a good choice .
That is an excellent choice , and I could bring you your salads now or bring them with your dinner .
Can I talk to you for a moment , manager ?
I've decided to leave .
I've worked here for two years . And I want to do something different .
I want to live abroad and learn to speak a different language .
Hi , is that Mr . Wu ?
I am calling to query about some of your information .
I said I want to ask about some of your information .
Mr Edgar , hello ! How's business ? Still booming ? What can we do for you today ?
What we can do is to assign you a customer manager , that way you can just deal with him . You don't need to deal with anyone else .
I want to rent a formal suit here.Do you have a purple dress here ?
I am a size 6 .
This is just my size . How much is the rent
Can I help you ?
Come here , please .
I don't like the style .
Black is not my favorite colour .
It's pretty . How much is it ?
It's too expensive . Can you come down a little ?
I'll buy it if forty .
Can I get you any dessert ?
Excellent choice . ( He brings her the pie . After she finishes , the waiter comes back . ) Would you like anything else ?
Here you are . Thank you and have a nice evening .
If you like you can try it on.The fitting room is in the corner .
I think it fits you . It flatters your figure .
Here's the picture of my family .
What ’ s wrong with you ? Why are you scratching so much ?
Let me have a look . Whoa ! Get away from me !
I think you have chicken pox ! You are contagious ! Get away ! Don ’ t breathe on me !
Well in the meantime you are a biohazard ! I didn ’ t get it when I was a kid and I ’ Ve heard that you can even die if you get it as an adult !
Thank you for your visit to our company . I'd like to make an introduction for you . Is there anything in particular you'd like to know ?
Our production speed is almost twice the industry-wide average . And we've already expanded the factory this year .
Mr . Smith , how was your flight ?
What was the weather like in New York ?
What a wonderful dinner !
Where did you get your fantastic recipes ?
I especially like the wonderful chicken dish .
Is that shrimp in the soup ?
I am happy that the wine I brought for you works well with this meal .
First of all , thank you for accepting this job .
What are your salary expectations ?
We ’ ll offer you a monthly salary to begin with , in addition , we offer one percent commission and all your sales . You also enjoy life insurance and health insurance . What ’ s starting salary would you expect here ?
That sounds reasonable .
Good morning . What can I do for you ?
This is our new brand . I can make sure our computer board is one of the best boards .
With pleasure . It's easy to have a memory expansion on board capacity and fulfill your needs for a computer . Besides , there is more space for extra cards to expand later on .
The hard drive has 260 G and the RAM is 4 G .
Yes . The price differs depending on how many you want .
What's wrong with you ?
How long has it been like this ?
Do you have a sleeping problem ?
I think you'd better have a further exam , and before the result comes out , try to relax yourself and take the medicine before you sleep . It will help you to kill the pain and make you sleep well .
When the result comes out , I will tell you about it . Remember , never be afraid or be too tired .
A friend told me I might find a room here .
What do you charge ?
Fine.Would it be OK to look at the room ?
Chris , where are you going ?
Really ? I need to go to the store too .
Yeah , let's go together .
Now .
Now would be better .
Should we walk ?
Can I pay my bill here ?
How much is the charge ?
Do you receive checks ?
Excuse me , we have book table 6 . Would you please come and tidy the table ?
Thank you . Could we have the menu , please ?
What's going on ?
This Friday , I'm throwing a party .
Are you serious ?
Can you make it ?
The party starts at 8 .
Am I going to see you there ?
When the interview finally comes to an end , the interviewee will probably breathe a sigh of relief .
At this moment you can thank the interviewer again for the opportunity of the interview .
Don't forget to ask when you can receive a reply .
You should state politely that you will wait for the results patiently .
In this case , you should remember to give thanks for the reply you get .
Just say goodbye to the interviewer before you leave .
Excuse me . When is breakfast time ?
Well , I would like to order breakfast for tomorrow coming .
Please give me two fried eggs , two orders of toast and a cup of coffee .
Excuse me , Ma ' am . I would like to mail this package door to door via airmail to London . It is a very important package and has to be sent within 3 days .
That's fine with me . I am willing to pay for it as long as you can guarantee me the package can arrive in time .
I see . How much do I need to pay in total for this package ?
Can I have the receipt ? Just in case I can trace it if something goes wrong .
Do I need to include my zip code in the address ?
Thank you very much . Here is 500 dollars .
Good day , Madam . What service do you require today ?
It's possible to sign an agreement with us , and then we can pay your staff directly . That is called an Entrustment Agreement .
We can transfer the funds each month , at your request , into each employee's account . It is possible to pay in cash or to pay directly to the employee's savings account , no matter which bank they do business with .
Not at all . We can adjust the payment methods depending on the requirement of each employee .
I ’ d like to make a collect call to Beijing China , please .
The number I am calling is 86-10- 4016-9988
Marty Smith . M-A-R-T-Y , S-M-I-T-H
My name is Jennifer Smith . My phone number is 610-934-9901 .
Your daughter will be back soon . I'm going to start making dinner . You can just watch some TV in TV room if you like . We just bought a new TV with a LCD screen . The remote control is on the coffee table next to the armchair .
This is supposed to be your vacation ; we'd like you to just relax .
Ok , well , we're going to make a pan of lasagne , a salad , and some garlic bread . Here's the recipe . Do you want to get the ingredients we need out of the cupboard ?
That's a good idea . Can you set the oven to 200 degrees Celsius ?
Fine . I'll just get out the casserole dish , the saucepan , the salad bowl , and the baking sheet .
I don't think it's broken .
Have you taken your temperature ?
Well , open your mouth and let me have a look . It is nothing serious . You haven't got a fever . But you should take the medicine and need have more rest recently . When you feel well , you could take more exercises , or play sports like basketball , running , and swimming . And eating healthy food , having more fruits and vegetable and drinking milk are good for your heath .
Good morning , welcome to Bank of the USA . How may I help you today ?
Okay , have you made a wire transfer at our bank before ?
It ’ s alright , I will take you through the procedure . Are you transferring funds to a company or an individual account ?
Okay , I ’ ll need the name of the company and their bank routing number as well as their bank ’ s address and phone number .
Well . You ’ Ve come prepared.You have all the necessary materials so we can go ahead and make the transfer right now . It ’ s a simple transaction , and we can process it today .
Waiter , show me the menu , please .
I'll have the baked salmon .
I'd rather have broccoli .
Yes , I'd like another cup of coffee .
I ’ m really glad I got a chance to talk to you before you left , Mary . Have a safe trip !
Yeah , I ’ ll try not to ! See you after Christmas .
If I remember correctly , time of delivery is another point on wich we differ .
Ok . I hope you can have these goods delivered before the end of Sep . We'd like them to be there in time for our Christmas sales .
But in the United States the Christmas season begins about a month before Dec . 25 .
I hope you'll try to get them to step up production .
If that's the case , there is nothing more to be said .
What's your last word as to the date then ?
All right . I'll take you at your word .
This way , please . We've got a nice private for you .
Here we are . I hope you will like it .
And here is the menu . I'll come back soon .
If we employ you , what starting salary would you expect ?
I think your background and experience are worth the compensation .
No , there are annual bonuses , one week paid vacation a year , and health insurance .
Shall we discuss the packing ? You know , a well-designed package helps sell the goods , so the products must not only be superior in quality , but also attractive in appearance . I'd like to see the sample of packing .
Quite good . The beautiful design and bright color are just the European taste . How are you gonna pack these blouses ?
Can you help me set up my voicemail message ? I just got this service and I am not really sure what I am supposed to say .
Ok , so can I say , " This is Abby's voicemail . I will call you later , so leave me your name and number " .
Ok , so how about this , " This is Abby and I am really happy you called ! I promise I will give you a ring as soon as I can , so please leave me your name and number . Talk to you soon ! " .
Is that the latest issue of Reader you're reading ?
I know . I have been a subscriber for the past two years .
I'm not exactly sure , but it's not that expensive at all .
Why did you do that ?
I think I should join a fitness centre . I am getting a little fat and I'm totally out of shape . Even a quick walk of a few hundred metres leaves me out of breath .
I guess you're right . I've tried stopping , but I just can't seem to quit .
I smoke around 30 each day .
If I do a few exercises at home , like crunches , I'll soon deal with this waistline .
I'll join a fitness centre . I'm sure they'll be able to give me more advice . There's one near my office , so I can go before and after work . I don't want to go jogging in the street , so I'll use a treadmill .
How are you doing ?
May I help you with something ?
Where would you like to transfer money from ?
Where would you like the money transferred ?
How much would you like to transfer ?
Will that be all today ?
I'm hungry . Do we have anything to eat ?
Excuse me , I want to know the price of your CPU .
It's rather too high . If you can make it cheaper , we will be able to place large orders continuously .
Well , can you explain it to me ?
Can you reduce more ?
In that case , we have to stop ordering if a reduction can't be made . Please reconsider .
If you can give us a more reduction , We'd be able to give you an order on the spot .
Can I help you , sir ?
What kind of grapes do you want ?
Ok , wait a moment please .
How's the building work going ?
What's the problem ? We really can't have any delays at this stage . We're working to a really tight schedule and we're already over budget .
Yes , sir ?
What do you expect of the position ?
What do you think about occupational planning ?
Tell me something about your goals .
If confronted with difficult task , what will you do ?
Would you care much about your salary ?
If you were assigned some work which you are not so interested , would you take it or not ?
I think it is easier to buy a car than to maintain it . What ’ s worse , I just don ’ t trust those vehicle maintenance shops . Sometimes , they overcharge or don ’ t build those parts I have been paying for . Last week , they even tried to persuade me to buy new parts which really need not to be changed . You know , my car is just half a year old and also good brand . I was just wondering about all these .
Is it possible to make a compliant call to some organization what it ’ s someone gets rip-off .
Hello . I am Bili and I made an appointment with you to see the house .
The house is a little too old .
What companies are stockholders in this company , do you know ?
What section would you like to work in if you enter this company ?
What type of work will you expect to do at first ?
What are your plans for the future ?
How long does it take to get here from your home ?
How long do you think that we can depend on your working here ?
You are single now , but what will you do when you get married ?
Do you think you will want to continue working here even after you ’ Ve had a child ?
What ideas do you have if we employ you ?
Do you have any particular conditions that you would like the company to take into consideration ?
If you are employed by us , how are you going to do your part of the work ?
If you fail to do your work well , what are you going to do ?
What do you think if you do not have much spare time on this job ?
What are your expectations from working on this job ?
If you were choosing a person for this job , what kind of individual would you select ?
If we do not employ you , what are you going to do ?
We ’ re having a department meeting at 10 o ’ clock , ok ?
See Julie , the receptionist . She knows where all that stuff is kept . You might like a calendar for you desk . She can give you one of those too .
The photocopier is near my office . Come on , I ’ ll show you where it is .
Yes , I do . Everyone ’ s really friendly . Sometimes , I wish I worked outdoors more , especially during the summer .
You must like to dance , right .
Yes , I like the old style dance , such as waltz 、 rumba and so on . They are quite graceful .
Thank you for saying . I think you are light on your toes too . Oh , the music starts again , would you like to have another dance , miss ?
I'm going to paint the house today .
Maybe not . Could you buy some while you're out ?
I had a job interview this morning .
Room service.What can I do for you ?
There is a laundry form in your room ars well as a bag.Fill out the form and put them together with the laundry in the bag.The maid will come and pick it up .
May I help you ?
I'm Mary Kelly . May I ask your name ?
I'm glad to meet you , Mr . Zhuang . Sit down , please .
What are your qualifications for being a clerk typist ?
Would you be willing to take a typing and shorthand test ?
( After testing ) Your typing and stenography are pretty good . Would you be interested in applying for the job ?
Hi ! This is John Li , is my car fixed yet ?
Excuse me , where can I find a guide ?
Thanks a lot . Have a nice day .
Bobby ! Come here , look what I got you !
A chess board ! Daddy is going to teach you how to play !
Ok , each player gets 16 pieces . You can be the white ones and I ’ ll play with the black pieces . Now in the front , you set up the pawns . Those are the least valuable pieces and can only move one space forward . When you are about to capture another piece , it can move one space diagonally .
See this one that looks like a tower ? It ’ s called the rook . The one with the tall hat is called the bishop . See this little horsey ? This is called the knight , it ’ s a very important piece so it ’ s best to not let your opponent capture it .
That ’ s right ! That ’ s the queen and that ’ s the king . If the other player captures your king , he will say ” Check Mate ” and the game is over ! Doesn ’ t this sound fun ?
I came to this lab to have my blood drawn .
What am I being tested for ?
What does my white blood cell count tell him ?
How much will it hurt ?
Is that my blood going into that tube ?
Good afternoon . Can I help you ?
Of course , that's no problem at all .
How much would you like to change ?
I'm looking for a pan I can use in my kitchen .
I've already got a small pan . I need a big one .
Oh , no , that's way too heavy a pan for me .
Yes , it's very lightweight . But I don't want this aluminum handle .
Oh , this feels very nice . It's perfect . I'll take it .
Cash . But first , I need a lid for this pan .
I found a great school for Junior !
We can't be too cautious about these things .
There is a huge slide on the playground and lots of trees and even a little brook !
There is a library right inside the front door .
How much is the postage for this postcard to China ?
By airmail .
Here you are .
Oh , one more thing , I want to send the card by registered mail too .
Here it is . and thank you very much .
Daniel , you know ? Lisa has invited us to have dinner this afternoon .
If I remember correctly , time of delivery is another point in which we differ .
Ok . I hope you can have these goods delivered before the end of September . We'd like them to be ready in time for our Christmas sales .
No . But in the United States , the Christmas season begins about a month before December 25 .
I hope you can try to get them to step up production .
If that's the case , there's nothing to be done about it .
What's your last word as to the delivery date then ?
All right . I'll take your words at that .
Yes , sir . What'll it be for you ?
Is there anything else ?
Is this to go or to eat here ?
Here you are . That's eight fifty .
Welcome to Lincoln Bank . What can we do for you today ?
OK , that's absolutely fine . I will need to see some credentials before we can get started . Do you have the notification of admission letter from your university , your passport and your visa with you ?
You do , I'm afraid . There are 3 ways to do this . You can choose , mortgage , pledge or guarantee mode .
Right , that's no problem . I see you are already well informed . If you choose that one , you can borrow up to 70 % of the total tuition and miscellaneous fees .
Excuse me , sir ? I just need a little bit more information . Could you tell me your telephone number and mailing address ?
That ’ s 545-8897 and your mailing address is 908 Mulbury Street . The zip code is 20310 , right ?
Excuse me , Ms . Montgomery ?
Oh , I ’ m sorry , Ms . Montgomery . I ’ ll come back later .
Are you feeling OK ?
What have you been eating ?
Maybe the food had something wrong with it .
Have you been under a lot of pressure lately ?
Perhaps you have caught that bug that is going around .
Where will it be ?
OK . But let me park my car in a better position . All right , miss . Where are the bags ?
That's a lot . What did you bring with you ?
Beth , would you like me to help you carry it ?
What are you doing ?
You are shopping for a pillow online ? That ’ s absurd !
I see , but how do you pay for it ? How do you know you aren ’ t going to be ripped off by the seller ?
Wow , that sounds pretty safe . So how do you pay ? Do you need a credit card ?
Do you think I can find a sweater for my dog online ?
Mom ! ? ? ?
Mmm ...
I have the chills . Can you turn on the heater ?
I would like to place an order .
I have your catalog here . Do you want me to tell you the item numbers , or the names ?
Alright . I want to order the satin sheets on page 28 .
Yes , that's right .
I need one full set of sheets in King-size .
Ivory , please
Yes , I think so . Can I ask you something ?
I'm a foreigner here . My English isn't perfect . Can you tell me what satin is ?
I see . That's what I thought .
No , I just need the sheets .
Yes .
Visa .
8825 1127 4235 9869 .
July , 2006 .
Who will meet you at the airport ?
Do you have wool socks ?
Can you guarantee the quality ?
Where are the panty-hose ?
Mr . Carmichael , this is Ellen Bower calling again . You had said I should call this week to schedule an interview with you .
I understand , Mr . Carmichael . I'd be glad to make it some time next week .
Mark ! I was wondering if you finished that presentation you were working on last week ?
Mr . Rodriguez was asking me about it yesterday .
Here you are . How is Danny ?
What did the doctor say ?
Shall we go back home now ?
I bought some advanced medicine . Is there anything you need ?
Now what ?
Okay , this is the third time .
You don't have to know . Bye for now .
I'm thirsty . Pull over to that store , I'll buy some drinks .
Oh , that's too bad . Where can you park around here ?
Is a shop there ?
Just stop here for a moment . The police will not notice .
Is there anything I can do for you ?
Have you decided which city you want to go ?
What about a medication to help me with my problem ?
What types of medications would be best ?
What are the side effects from taking that drug ,
Will that one medication take care of all of my problems ?
Am I going to experience any complications with that drug ?
Where are you going for lunch ?
I know of a restaurant . I'm sure you'll like it .
Yes.it serves excellent Sichuan food . Spicy food may improve your appetite .
Fair-Priced Fares , how may I help you ?
When did you plan to go , sir ?
The second week of September is still in the high-season , so the cheapest tickets are $ 650 . The high season lasts until the 15th , so fares after that date are cheaper .
Our cheapest ticket is $ 550 on American Airlines .
I would like to get a bus pass .
Can you tell me my options ?
I would like the student pass .
Here you go .
How much will it be for the pass ?
That'll be fine .
Day , I'm home .
I'll do it later .
Good idea ! I've heard that the Expo is doing pretty well now , and ads are seen everywhere in the country on all means of media , newspapers , TV , street signs , etc .
what's interesting to see there ?
I visited the First International Flower Festival in the city last year , and was impressed with so many beautiful flowers !
It would be a rare occasion to be able to appreciate so many fine species of Chinese and foreign flowers fully blooming in one park !
Have you ever sung with a karaoke ?
Karaoke has become a major entertainment . I wonder why .
How much fun is there in singing in front of other people , especially if you don't sing well ?
I wouldn't do that .
Can I take your order please ?
Sure . Anything to drink with that ?
Eating here or to go ?
Both Bob and carl will become somebody in the future.Don ' t you think so ?
But Bob is more generous and ready to help .
Why don't we get ourselves a new car ? The old one's falling apart .
What kind shall we get ?
Yes , fine .
Why not sometime next week ?
OK .
There's a car dealer down the road . How about going there ?
What's your name ?
A nice name , isn't it ?
Where do you live ?
Oh , It's really far from here . May I ask how old you are ?
You look very young .
Where is your birthplace ?
What is the matter with you ?
How long have you been like this ?
I think you've got a flu.Take this prescription to the chemist's and then go back and sleep .
Don't worry about your flu . You will be OK soon .
Do you have any questions ?
What fees are you referring to ?
We charge a small fee every time you overdraft .
For each time you overdraft , you have to pay $ 25 .
You shouldn ’ t overdraft .
Do you need help with anything else ?
Taxi ! Taxi !
I ’ d like to go to the railway station please .
Is it a long run to the station ?
The streets are heavy with traffic at this time of a day , are they ?
Is it the rush hour now ?
No , I ’ m not . Would you please drive slowly and carefully ?
It's very kind of you to show me around .
I really don't know .
Yes , that would be lovely .
No , it's the first time I've been here .
That's wonderful ! I have heard the scene of Li River is beautiful !
How would you like this order shipped ?
Are you going to ship this by air ? That might cost a little more .
I'll check the costs and call you back .
I've run out of steam . To be honest , I want to be in a different environment .
Yes . I don't want to be stuck in a rut . I want to move on .
Yes , I want to get a better job .
I'm quitting because of the lousy salary and all the difficulties I have in getting along with my colleagues .
I'm afraid not . I've promised my girlfriend . We're going to travel south to find jobs that offer higher pay .
Good evening . Welcome to our restaurant .
I'm sorry , sir . The rooms are not available now . But would you like to have your dinner in the dinning hall ? I can find a table by the window for you .
Can I have your name , please ?
I'll ask waitress to show you the way .
Is there anything I can do for you ?
Why not go to Paris ? It's famous for Arch of Triumph , Eiffel , versailles and place de la Concorde .
I had a busy morning .
I watered all the plants .
Then I did my laundry .
I took the dog for a walk .
I vacuumed the entire house .
And then I made lunch .
Mom !
I'm playing with my new jump rope ! Watch this !
But I feel better .
How are you feeling , Flora ?
What did you watch today ?
And next ?
I know what you mean , there wasn't old action movie next . I think you won't like it .
Anything important happened ?
Hello . Manchester 6739792 .
Nicholas ? Nicholas Nickleby ? No . He doesn't live here any more . He's moved to Morecambe .
Yes . I've got it somewhere . Let me see . Where did I put it ? Ah - I remember , it's on the memo . Here it is . Do you have a pen to write it down ?
His number's 4945939 .
Then , Mary . We need 10 more loose-leaf binders , five pounds of heavy duty white paper , and what else did I say ?
Right . And I ’ d like one of those new electric pencil sharpeners .
What type of music do you like to listen to ?
Like what , for instance ?
Why is that ?
That's a good reason to like something .
Did you vote yesterday ?
What candidate did you vote for ?
I ’ m shocked he actually won .
How ’ d you know ?
What about him being black ?
Do you have cruise tours ?
Sure . That's really amazing . However I don't have so much time . Do you have a full day cruise ?
Pete's Pizza , may I help you ?
Will that be for pick-up or delivery ?
Can I get your phone number ?
And your address ?
This is your room . What do you think of it ?
We have the room color designed for our guest .
Let's begin by having you tell me about yourself and your background .
What do you think are the key qualities needed to succeed in the paralegal profession ?
Can you give me an example of a time when you had to work above and beyond your job description ?
Tell me about a time when you had to research a case and encountered some obstacles you had to overcome .
What are your strengths and weaknesses ?
Tell me about a time when you had a confrontation with a coworker or boss .
When do you find a job satisfying ?
How would your coworkers describe you ?
Do you have any questions ?
Where do you want to go ?
Get in . I will take you there .
$ 50 .
Ye , of course .
I see by your resume that you have just graduated from college . I assume you haven't had any working experience . Is that right ?
Well , experience is not important in this job . We are looking for a man we can train to be a teller . By the way , do you like to work with figures ?
We are more interested in finding someone who is alert and quick at figures . Do you like meeting the public ?
We have very pleasant working conditions and I think we have a fine staff to work with . You would be assigned an experienced employee to help you . He would be responsible for training you . Have you studied English conversation ?
Yes , many of our customers are Americans , so you would be speaking English with most of them . Do you know anything about various kinds of savings and checking accounts ?
Would you mind doing something for me ?
Will you please explain the meaning of this word ?
What games do you like ?
How about a game of bridge ?
What about guessing games ?
Let's play other game .
Excuse me . Could you tell me where the post office is ?
Thank you so much for your assistance !
Your English has really improved in the two months you've been here , too .
No , I'm going to leave the office early today . My annual medical check-up is this afternoon .
Can you work over tonight ?
Okay , I'll ask Bob to cover it .
What do we need for the barbecue ?
I can ’ t wait to start cooking ! I ’ Ve bought the grill and charcoal . Do you have enough plates and utensils ?
And if people drop them , they won ’ t break . We ’ ll need to buy some buns to make hot dogs and hamburgers .
I brought some cheese to make cheeseburgers and some onions for the hot dogs . We ’ ll need some tomato ketchup and some barbecue sauce .
How long does it take to cook meat on a barbecue ?
They can cook it themselves to make sure it ’ s exactly how they like it .
How would you describe your ideal job ?
Why do you think you might like to work for our company ?
What makes you think you would be a success in this position ?
How do you know about this company ?
Why are you leaving your present job ?
Why do you plan to change your job ?
Why are you interested in working with this company ?
Where are you from ?
So you speak German , don't you ?
Oh , I see . What other languages can you speak ?
Did I do well on my test ?
Why wouldn't I want to know ?
Exactly what do you mean by bad ?
How'd I fail it ?
What did I do wrong ?
Thanks.Will I be able to take a retest ?
Does it look like a good fit ?
Yes , it is very nice . I'll take it .
Let me use my credit card .
No problem .
Did you get my email ?
Sure .
Well , to be honest , nothing is more stressful than going on a business trip with our boss .
I also think the company is pretty cheap with travel expenses . I spent half of the weekend on a train ! Surely they could have afforded to buy a few plane tickets !
I see . Well , then perhaps they could give me a few days off after a business trip . It was really tiring for me .
Thank you . I can't imagine getting much done today . I'm just too exhausted !
To which gate do I need to go to catch connecting flight 707 to New York City ?
Show me the fastest way to get there .
Do you think the plane will leave without me ?
Thank you so much , I would really appreciate that .
Would you cash these travelers ' checks , please ?
In ten dollar bill , please .
Good morning , everybody . Welcome to IAM Technology . I'm very pleased so many of you could make it here today . My name's Sam Weiss . I'm the Production Manager . I'd like to show you the layout of the factory before we go and visit it . As you can see from this diagram , everything is under one roof . We've designed it this way to help the flow of materials and to avoid bottlenecks .
Excuse me , driver , where is the main area for restaurants ?
OK . Is there a Chinese restaurant ?
Hi , welcome to Hal's Computer World . Can I help you with anything ?
No problem . First of all , do you want to get a home computer or a laptop ?
Yes , they generally cost a little more .
Hello , how are you today . Here for your six month check-up ?
Oh , fine . Let's take a look .
Okay , I'll do that , but my crown was just put on last year . Will my dental insurance cover the work ?
Why didn't you sign the contract ?
Well , Miss Li , it's time for us to say good-bye to each other .
I'm glad you could come to see us off . I have enjoyed your interpreting . You have done a wonderful job . I hope you be my interpreter again next time I'm here .
It's hard to tear myself away from your friendly people and your ancient country , but nothing lasts for ever . I have to go back home this time , but I'm sure I'll return very soon .
Good-bye . Miss Li , say hello to your husband and your son for me . See you soon .
Hong , I really need to call back to the UK but I can ’ t afford to pay for the roaming charges .
Can I do that ?
I see . How much will that cost ?
Hello Mary . I haven ’ t seen you for ages . Are you still seeing Paul ?
Did you break up amicably ? Sometimes couples row a lot before splitting up .
Yes , I am . We ’ re thinking about getting engaged . We ’ Ve been dating for over a year now .
I havn't seen her for a while.She stopped seeing nick because he was cheating on her.He was seeing a girl form his office.One day , she saw them holding hands and ended the relationship immediately .
Really ? They ’ Ve been together for a long time . When are they getting married ?
Thanks . Hey , look at that guy over there . I think he fancies you .
We did a survey on your job performance .
Not so good . Lots of complains .
Hi Mike . What have you been up to ?
Trying to get in shape ?
Me too . What are you doing besides exercising ?
I think if you eat better , it will help tremendously .
Looks like there are a lot of things to do to stay healthy .
I am keen on a coat on www.dingding.com . But it requires having an online banking account . Is it necessary ?
Do you know how to get the bank account ?
So easy .
Is there a doctor here ?
Can you call an Ambulance ?
Please forgive me for rushing into your room forgetting to knock at the door .
I'm so sorry to disturb you so early .
I'm dreadfully sorry . I forgot to book the tickets yesterday .
I let you down . I'll make it up to you somehow .
Can you help me for a minute ?
I'm try to write a letter to one of our clients , But I just don't know exactly what to say , I don't even know how to get started , I know I should write dear Mr . Mrs . or Ms . , but the problem is I don't know the name of contact person .
OK , So I first thanks them for their business , I can say something like we are very grateful for your continue support , How is that ?
Like Regarding our new product line , we would like to announce a special price discount
Yes , the letter would have a survey inside , and they should complete it and return to our office . How should I write that ?
What can I help you with ?
What do you need me for ?
What kind of case do you have ?
I can help you with that .
I charge $ 150 an hour .
That ’ s my rate .
How much do you pay wholesale for your products ?
That must impact your bottom line at least a little bit , doesn't it ? After all , your sticker price is pretty much set in stone . How much do they go for retail ?
Is that including tax ?
How much is your profit margin then ?
Have you any idea of the prices of ruby and diamond ?
How do you know that ?
Hoo , I'm getting tired , Jeanine , been a long day .
Yeah , I know . Shop till you drop .
I'm getting a little short on cash . Let's just window shop a little .
Hey , Jeanine , get a load of that . It's beautiful .
You know .. I have a weakness for long dresses .
Sure does . Hey , can I sponge a little cash of you ?
Hey , what are you doing here ?
What are you shopping for ?
Same here .
I found a few pairs of pants .
I found them at Pennies .
Do you want me to show you where I found them ?
have you thought of moving at all Sarah ?
buying a house can be expensive , but there are ways to find cheaper houses .
well , sometimes the city auctions off houses to the community . You ’ d have to make a quick decision about the offer in a day , but you would definitely save money doing it that way .
sure , my sister-in-law and her husband just bought a house that way . They ’ re pretty satisfied with it .
not at all . The woman , who owned it , took good care of it . But when she died , she had no family left and no will , so the government had to sell it for her .
it was about 75 years old . There were a few repairs that needed doing , but it didn ’ t take a lot of money or time .
Welcome to Super Stereos . What can I do for you ?
Yes , this system over here is on sale for $ 1,000 . As you can see , all of the components are brand-name .
I was wondering if I could collect unemployment benefits .
I am still working for now , but I might get laid off .
Does everyone who gets laid off get to collect unemployment ?
How can I find out if I can collect ?
How will I know how much I can collect on unemployment ?
You look tired .
Really ? How come ?
You shouldn ’ t work so hard .
What do you mean ?
Good afternoon , Mr . Anderson .
How nice to see you again !
It's been a long time , hasn't it ? How are you ?
Very well too , is there anything I can do for you ?
Sure , Mr . Anderson , please come along with me .
What kind of music do you like ?
Me too .
Qi In is .
Yes , I like it very much .
When would you like me to send those plans over to your office , Mr . Montgomery ?
That shouldn ’ t be a problem . What is the exact address , again ?
I'd like to order broadband internet for my laptop .
Well , I don't have an Ethernet port . My computer runs entirely on wireless service .
Yes , please ! Tell me about the alternatives .
Very good . How much does that cost ?
I see . And the other alternatives ?
Great ! What if I need to print something in the lobby ?
Well , I'm glad you're finally back . I was wondering what happened .
Why ?
You got lost . You're kidding !
You could have called .
You've been gone for two hours . How could you get lost for so long ?
I don't know . Where ?
Grangerfield ! You were in Grangerfield ? That's a completely different town ! How could you drive to a completely different town ?
Grangerfield is like a dozen miles away from here .
Hmm , maybe I do .
Maybe I have an idea how it happened .
You were too busy looking at Joseph , and you weren't paying attention to the road .
Yes , that's what I think.Maybe the next time you go out with him to buy groceries , you'll get lost for even longer.Maybe six hours or so .
What ?
Hah , hah ! See ? I guessed right . You weren't watching the road at all .
What do you think is the role teacher should play in the classroom ?
What did you do to put it into practice ?
Why did your parents make you stay at home ?
Didn't you mind doing it ?
Didn't you even want to go to the cinema ?
What was on television last night ?
Oh . I enjoy watching boxing on television , too.What a pity I missed it last night !
Hello sir , may I help you ?
I see . Well , you have come to the right place . We have over one hundred models of more than twenty leading mobile phone manufacturers .
We have this new ETC smart phone.It comes with the Android OS so you can download applications . It also has a built-in camera , mp3 player and touch screen . It works on the 3G network so you have fast access to the internet wherever you are .
Of course ! You can access the internet from any hotspot as well as from home .
Can you change American dollars into French francs ?
Fifty dollars . What is the exchange rate today ?
Yes , please . And you can cash my traveler's check , can't you ?
I want to be here tomorrow . What are your business hours ?
Thank you .
We like your product , and are interested in placing an order with you as soon as possible .
That's all right . We will send you a purchase order in one week . I hope you will be able to take care of it .
Thanks . We need the products in less than one month , because we have a big deal with another company . By the way , will payment against delivery be OK ?
Hello . May I speak to David ?
David Bush .
What would you like to order , sir ?
We serve different styles of Chinese food here . But I'm not sure which one do you prefer .
Well . Cantonese food is rather light , Beijing food is heavy , and Sichuan food is usually hot and spicy .
If so , I suggest you have a taste for Sichuan food . Most Sichuan dishes are spicy and hot , but they have different tastes .
Yes . Roasted Crispy Chicken and Spicy Beef are our specialties .
Hi , Dave . You're early .
I had an idea .
I'm sorry . I know you feel betrayed .
Want to send out for some Chinese ?
Some Chinese food . I ’ m hungry , and there ’ s a take-out restaurant near here . We can have them deliver and then watch the news on TV while we eat .
Okay . I could go for that . It ’ s called Al ’ s Steakhouse . They also have great fried fish , and I love their salad bar . You can go back to refill 1 your plate as often as you like .
Yes , their steaks are enormous . Sometimes I can ’ t finish what I ’ Ve ordered .
We're leaving now .
Right . And would you please forward our mail to this address ?
Thank you . Goodbye .
Good afternoon , sir , is there anything I can do for you ?
Well , it's our fault.We are sorry for that.Would you please fill out the form ? We will pay for you .
What should I prepare for the recruitment fair ?
What application materials should I take ?
Who finances the magazine ?
Does it have a large circulation ?
I'll have sole , then .
The rest of us will have this today's special , please .
I'm sorry but I ordered sole , not the same as the others.Will you change it ?
Then , I'll have this pork cute instead .
You will never guess where my family is going for summer vacation .
How in the world did you guess that ? Did someone tell you already ?
I want to ride a camel and definitely see the pyramids !
It helps that my dad is an archaeologist .
I would appreciate it if you could go to the store for me .
Here's a list with a few things that I need you to get .
I don't think I forgot anything .
If you don't mind , I would appreciate it if you would pick up my prescription .
Someone at the pharmacy called and told me it was ready .
Thank you .
Hello . I would like to make a reservation at 8: 00 .
4 . By the way , what's your dress code ?
Let me ask some questions . Do you know what people need to get entry into China ?
What materials do they need in order to apply the passport ?
Do you think we should travel by bus or by train ?
We could face delays if we travel by bus , thanks to traffic jams .
That ’ s true , but I feel that I see more when I travel by bus .
So , which form of transport do you prefer to use ?
Ok them . We ’ ll go by train . I ’ m sure we ’ ll have a good journey . Shall we go to the station and buy the tickets ?
From reviewing your resume I can see that you have ample experience for this position.What I want to know is why you think you ’ re right for the job .
So you ’ Ve acquainted yourself with the company . It ’ s refreshing to interview someone who ’ s sure of what they want .
Commitment to the company and the team is very important to us here .
Can I ask for leave this afternoon ?
I had a headache this morning . I didn ’ t pay attention to it . I thought probably it is because I didn ’ t sleep well . But now it is getting worse and worse . I feel quite dizzy now and my eyes are somehow very light-sensitive . Maybe it is the migrated .
Did you see the woman that just left my office ?
She's another applicant , and a leading contender , but I didn ’ t want to hire her . She ’ s qualified , but she doesn ’ t quite fit the profile . We ’ re looking for an accountant , and part of the job requires interacting with clients . Well , our clients want conservative people to handle their money . And green hair with ripped jeans doesn ’ t exactly fill them with trust .
I realize that , but our business is serving clients and giving them what they want .
Well , they don ’ t want to deal with people who look like that . They want people who look more like yourself .
Well , they ’ re older , and they don ’ t understand today's fashions . When they see someone dressed like that , warning bells go off . They don ’ t like that style at all , and they don ’ t like dealing with people who dress like that at work .
We used to have a woman here who dressed like that and she was good , very good . But , the clients reacted very negatively when they saw her . Some asked that their account be given to someone who dressed more conservatively .
Well , she was a very good employee and we wanted to keep her , so her supervisor called her in for a chat and laid it on the line for her . She got the idea and now she saves the trendy styles for evenings and weekends .
Excuse me ? Do you have anything for a carsickness ?
Oh , it's for my brother . The little boy over there . He is getting a carsickness .
Thank you so much .
Sorry to interrupt , but my brother is still sleeping .
Yes . It's so strange that he slept all the time after taking the pills .
What ?
Good evening . How many people of your party ?
For buffet ?
Thirty for each adult , twenty each kid .
Please go to the tables over there for cold dishes and vegetables . The hot dishes are on the other side .
Could you give me a taxi to pick me up and take me to the airport before 1:00 p . m . ?
I live in room 1106 of the Friendship Hotel .
What do you think about half day kindergarten for Stacey ?
I just think it will be a little difficult for her to be away from home for so long right off the bat .
I think she is really going to like her teacher though .
Did you happen to notice if she was interested in any of the other kids ?
I need to buy a bus pass .
What are the different kinds ?
Could I get a student pass , please ?
Sure , here it is .
How much for the pass ?
Okay , I'll take it .
I really want to make a salad .
I'm not sure what kind that I want .
Those taste really good .
I want a chicken salad .
I like salads with croutons , almonds , and shredded cheese .
Why don't you make a salad like that ?
Good morning , and welcome to our bank . What can I do for you today ?
What seems to be the problem ?
I see . Well , you have two choices ; you can renew it or redeem it . Which would you prefer ?
Not a problem . But may I just inform you that we have introduced a new service called Account Renewing upon Maturity ?
You see , that means when anything is up for renewal , we do it automatically and you don't have to physically come here to sort it out . All you need to do is sign here and we'll set it all up for you .
My shirt needs ironing . Could you please help me with that , Mary ?
Please , I promise this is the last time .
Tell me something about your work experience .
What systems have you worked on ?
Do you feel comfortable with the new system by microcosm ?
What do you consider your strengths ?
Jane , the meeting is scheduled from 1:00 this afternoon . Have you made the necessary arrangements ?
That's right . The meeting is very important . Where shall the guests be received before the meeting begins ?
We'll have several foreign guests to attend the meeting .
Really ? I'll also try to speak slowly . How would you arrange the guests ' seats , Jane ?
Well , after my report , there will be an interval for rest and refreshments .
Excuse me . Could you tell me the way to the Star Hotel ?
How long will it take me to get there ?
Thank you very much .
I need a haircut .
No , I don't . You look pretty busy today . Do you have an opening for me ?
Just a haircut . I washed my hair this morning .
Well , I last had a haircut eight weeks ago . So my hair is pretty long.But I want the same style .
Alright . You are the expert . I'm happy to have your recommendation .
Fine .
Yes .
Yes , I know my hair is quite thin.It runs in my family . Everybody has very thin hair .
I don't know what to do about it .
Do you sell conditioner here ?
Great . I would be happy to try it . I know my hair doesn't look good now . It's too weak .
Do you have desserts ?
Can you give us more information ?
Can you help me pick out a gift for my niece ?
That sounds good . Let me see one .
Oh , she's nice . How much is she ?
Well , that's reasonable . I'll take it .
No , thank you .
Oh , cash will be fine .
Come in , please .
Good afternoon . Have a seat , please . You are Mr . Sun ?
I have read your resume . I know you have worked for 3 years . Why did you choose to major in mechanical engineering ?
What are you primarily interested in about mechanical engineering ?
Why did you decide to apply for this position ?
What do you think determines an employee's progress in a company such as ours ?
We have several applicants for this position . Why do you think you are the person we should choose ?
That sounds very good . How do you see your career development ?
Have you anything to ask about the job ?
Yes . If you undertake additional courses , provided these are approved , and you complete them successfully , you can claim back part , quite a large part , 75 % of the costs you incurred . Not just the fees , - traveling and other expenses too .
Anything else ?
Well , thank you very much , Mr . Sun . I'll let you know the result of the interview as soon as possible . Goodbye .
I've just got a new printer . How often do I need to replace the print heads ?
So if I don't print out very much , it could last a lot longer ?
Give these sales figures a look . It's pretty depressing . We're way in the red this year . We can't afford to keep going like this for much longer .
Deman is dropping . The problem is our competition . They are monopolizing the market !
It's really too early to tell , but a lot is riding on the new products . If we don't do better after the product launch , we may have to go bankrupt .
Look at this numbers and see for yourself . Read'sm and weep .
Mary , set your alarm clock for seven tomorrow morning .
I'm going to take you to your school to register for classes .
You can choose classes that you like at the school office .
Well , there are core courses and electives .
Can I help you , madam ?
Have you any particular color in mind ?
Red is very popular .
Yes , madam , I agree . What size are you ?
Here you are , madam . All these are sixteens .
It's $ 180 .
These are our cheapest coats , madam .
Here's your change .
The order is so urgently required that we have to ask you to speed up shipment . If shipment is too late , we'll have to turn to other suppliers .
Can you find some way for an earlier delivery ?
Sounds like a good idea .
How can I help you today ?
Have you got some ID and your cash card ?
How many more fund units would you like to purchase today ?
The usual minimum purchase is 5,000 RIB .
I'm afraid I have to return this sweater .
You see , there is a run at the neck .
Paul , you were also a parent of young kids before . So , can you tell me what you did when your kids didn ’ t behave very well ?
I do it , too . You know , sometimes when we eat , my child would pull a dish towards him and grab it with his hands and eat . And if it were something he doesn ’ t like , he would spit it out and throw it into other dishes . He does it very often . I really get mad . I can ’ t help spank him sometimes .
My husband is an American . He criticizes me when I do that . He says that I can ’ t change a child ’ s behavior by using force . He is learning what I am doing now .
Hello , is everything alright ? Can I help ?
Similar to a Promissory Note , yes . I can deal with that for you right here . The difference between a Promissory Note and a Bill of Exchange is that this product is transferable and can bind one party to pay a third party that was not involved in its creation .
That's right . We didn't issue it to you , but technically we are buying it from you . So , we become involved .
Why are you handing me a plastic cup ?
How am I supposed to do that ?
What am I supposed to do with the cup when I am done ?
What kind of test is this ?
How long will it take to get the results ?
Hello . I need to disconnect my phone , please .
At 345 Lincoln Avenue . Oklahoma City .
I ’ m moving to a new home .
John Smith .
555-7658
623 West Side Drive . New York , New York .
As an experienced interviewer , could you tell me what kind of behavior the interviewer hates most ?
And we should have good sitting posture .
Where should I put my overcoat and briefcase after entering the office ?
I think that ’ s the reason why Princess Diana ’ s hair style became so popular .
I ought to respect other people ’ s privacy , as most Westerners do .
Good day to you . How can I be of service today ?
I see . Well , this bank offers many different accounts of this nature . There are 7 to choose from
Well , you could change your Australian dollars into , say British pounds and then open an account . How does that sound ?
Welcome aboard .
Let me have a look at your boarding pass . It's E - 6 , the sixth seat by the aisle .
Okay , I want to change 22,000 .
Okay , here you are . ( She hands the completed form and the money to the clerk . )
Thank you very much .
Miss Gray , would you please type this report for me ?
Can you print it out before 12 o'clock ? I need it this afternoon .
Please double space it and print it out on the laser printer so I can read it easily .
Please type it in a formal style .
What are you looking for ?
Where did you lose it ? Maybe I can help you to find it .
Mister , I have an account now .
Six tens will be fine .
Thanks . Er , mister , if I want to deposit checks next time . what should I do ?
Lately I've felt that company morale is at an all-time low what can your firm do to help get my business back on track ?
It seems that my employees are having trouble working as a team . Not to mention serious lapses in service , sales and leadership skills .
What a relief ! I was beginning to think it was no way to get my business rolling again .
It ’ s freezing in here ! Can I turn up the heat ?
Dad ! Are you serious ? What ’ s the point of having central heating if we can ’ t use it ! Look , I can see my breath !
Dad ! I ’ m gonna catch a cold !
May I have your order now ?
The courses for our regular dinner are , appetizer , soup , beef steak , dessert and coffee .
What kind of dessert do you want ?
Yes , we have .
Is everything ready for the big family barbecue tomorrow ?
We should also cook a couple dozen hot dogs and kebabs .
Great ! I asked Grace to bring cups and serviettes as she is also bringing two big coolers for the beers .
In my opinion , it may be necessary to charge for participation .
Then what is your opinion ?
Let's see if we forget anything .
Yes , let's go . Lock the door , please .
Hey , what's up ?
I'm throwing a party on Friday .
You didn't ?
Did you want to go ?
At 8
I'd better see you there .
Welcome to the International Business Department . How can I help you ?
No problem , I can do that for you right now . Have you checked the documents ?
Of course , that's all part of the service .
Don't worry ; I'm sure it will be fine . If I do have any queries I'll call you , OK ?
Okay Rebecca , well I think you ’ Ve given me a clear impression of your positive qualities , but let ’ s talk a little bit about your weaknesses .
Definitely , but if you had to pinpoint one weakness what would it be ?
So would you say if things don ’ t go your way at work it could easily get you down ?
Well , you know journalism is a highly competitive world , so you do need to keep pushing yourself it ’ s true . Okay , well let ’ s move on to talk about the job position here , shall we ?
Lisa , can I call Taiwan ?
I miss my parents .
Can you show me how to make an overseas call ?
That's 886 .
Do you have any vacancies ?
How much is it ?
OK . Dose it include breakfast ?
Kate Green .
5 days . And could you send a bellboy to pick up my luggage ?
Could you keep my valuables ?
Thomas , could you do me a favor ?
Could you pick up Mrs . David from Ford Company at the Capital Airport ?
I'm supposed to do it , but the general manager called me last night . He said he couldn ’ t come back to Beijing as scheduled , so he asked me to attend the meeting for him .
Why did you choose Applied Sociology as your major ?
Have you taken the course in Public Relations when you are in college ?
Reservation Center , Air China . Can I help you ?
May I have your name , please ?
Certainly .
Yes . You are reconfirmed on Flight No . 125 for Zhenjiang , leaving Beijing at 2:00 p . m . on January 15th .
Excuse me . Do you know where I can find a pay phone ?
Can I make an international call from that pay phone ?
Where can I get a phone card ?
It's the Cygnet Trust .
Of course . C , Y , G , N , E , T .
Gross ! What are you doing to yourself ?
It looks like some kind of primitive form of torture .
Well , you might pinch your eyelid ! Or lose an eyeball !
Sandy . Do you have a minute ?
Not much . I just wanted to see how you were . How ’ s married life treating you ?
Have you bought War Craft 2 yet ?
How do you like it ?
Did it cost very much
Mechwarrior is such a good game . The graphics are awesome !
My roommate always wants to play it . But I told her to buy her own game .
I've never seen such good graphics .
We've got very good workshop facilities here . We do all our own servicing and most repairs . We have separate areas for welding , grinding and sawing .
Yes . If we don't have the facilities to deal with it here , we send it out for maintenance .
Do you think it's time to sign the contract , Mr . Simpson ?
OK , no problem . I hope there are no questions about the terms .
Shall we sign this contract now ?
Just sign at the bottom .
You're right . Thank you for your cooperation .
What are you doing here ? How about your resume now ?
Don't act like this . Please have good thoughts in your mind . What's behind you ?
There is no need to do like this . We can surf the net and find some templates for resume .
You said it . We can also find some helpful advice from some experts .
Do you want to rent a car ?
I think that one fits you . Do you need insurance ?
Nurse , I am sure to die soon . They just don't tell me the truth , I know .
Is what you said really true ?
Mmm . Nice and crunchy . And they leave a space uncovered for you to hold ...
Or just stuff the whole thing in your mouth at once !
Whatever . Give me another pack .
Good afternoon . I believe that this house is for sale .
May I have a look at it please ?
How long have you lived here ?
Twenty years ! That's a long time .
Then why do you want to sell it ?
How much does this house cost ?
That's a lot of money !
Well , I like the house , but I can't decide yet . My wife must see it first .
Did you working in a similar position before ?
Could you tell me the usual procedures to handle such a case ?
If you act as our representative what would you do to safeguard our interest ?
Are you able to operate the telex ?
Now can you tell me if you have a good command of both written and spoken English ?
If you are selected for the position , you must prepare to travel overseas frequently .
Don't you think it's nice out ?
I think that it's going to rain .
You like the rain ?
I understand . Rain does make it smell cleaner .
How come ?
I would love for it to rain today .
Hello , there . Welcome , and what can we assist you with ?
Yes , we can do that . We require the original Trading Contract and also the VAT Invoice and the Commodity Delivery Documents . They all need to be in duplicate .
Do you have a copy of the ID card of the person who took care of the legal aspects of this ? The Legal Rep , I mean ? We also need the Loan Certificate as well . Do you have that ?
What's wrong with you ?
Do you feel tired ?
I'm sorry to hear that . I'll have to examine you .
What seems to be the problem ?
What ? You've got to be kidding me !
Of course I did . As recognition for a job well done . Once a month I invite the most productive employee to dinner .
I think she's misinterpreted my intentions . What happens now ?
I understand that . But I hope that we can get to the bottom fo this and show Miss Brown that she misunderstood my reaction .
Good morning . I ’ m looking for a one-bedroom apartment downtown .
Well , I didn ’ t want to pay more than $ 520 a month .
Is it furnished ?
They must have got in through the kitchen window .
I am afraid your diamond bracelet has gone , darling !
Look ! they've taken your fur coat too .
I noticed they've taken our radio and left the television .
are you ready to go to the bank ?
there ’ s problem with my bank statement . There ’ s a mistake on it . I also need to withdraw some money form the ATM .
that ’ s right . You ’ re going away next week .
I have to pay my credit bill too . If I don ’ t pay it soon , the credit card company will charge me interest .
Taxi ! Taxi !
I ’ d like to go to the railway station please .
Is it a long run to the station ?
The streets are heavy with traffic at this time of a day , are they ?
Is it the rush hour now ?
No , I ’ m not . Would you please drive slowly and carefully ?
You'd like coffee , wouldn't you ?
What else are you going to have ?
Could you pass me the jacket with wide lapels ?
What do you think of it ?
Is this Mr David Richton ?
Hello , Mr David Richton , this is Min Wang calling from network , i am calling about the reporter position you advertised on the internet .
This is the last of the milk .
Would you get some that new cereal we saw advertise on TV .
You know . The one with the silly art about how advisements have jump up and down .
Yeah , That ’ s the one .
Come on in.Let me show you the house.Isn ' t it something ? Spacious , bright and clean.And the walls were newly painted.Have you ever seen such a nice house ?
This is the kitchen.Every - thing's new .
Are you an outgoing person , or more reserved ?
Are you more of a follower or a leader ?
What basic principles do you apply to your life ?
I need order in the court !
What do you plead ?
All the evidence indicates that you are guilty .
Is that right ?
Who is the guilty party ?
I ’ d be glad to make a deal with you .
this bloody computer !
my computer just crashed again for the third time today !
i was just opening up an attachment in an email about winning the lottery .
oh , no ! I thought it seemed a bit strange .
it's a PC . doesn't everyone have a PC in this office ?
what's the difference ?
I didn't know that .
yes .
fortunately , I saved my work right before it crashed , so it should be OK .
Hey Ted , I saw this ad in the paper . You should take a look .
It ’ s for a job . It looks perfect for you .
Come on , what have you got to lose ?
Here , I'll help you type one up .
How many people does your company employ ?
What's your annual turnover ?
Can I help you sir , what do you need ?
Of course sir , no problem .
Oh , the food here really is bad . My soup was cold and meat , ur ... it was like leather .
I ’ m sure this one is especially bad . And the word is so unpleasant .
Well , I ’ m going to write a letter of complaint .
Why did you buy that painting ?
It looks like some kind of mistake .
Oh . Who is the artist ?
Oh ! How about we hang it over here where everyone can see it ?
Room service . Can I help you ?
Certainly .
Any drinks ?
I've heard that you provide very good service , so when I need a mover , I call you guys first .
Oh , you see , we are on the 8th floor , and moving into the 6th floor in another building . It is about 15 kilometers to get there .
How much will it cost in that case ?
Your charge is divided into two parts , the Payment in Advance and the rest . I thought that I should pay all of it before moving .
The damage and compensation item confuses me . Could you give some explanation ?
How about your present pay ?
What are your salary expectations ?
Help ! Help !
I was taking a walk when a young man came at me from nowhere and snatched the bag off my hands and ran away .
Well , he's young , tall and thin .
Good morning ! I am a rookie in our office .
Nice to meet you ! My name is Peter Smith .
This is my first day at work !
I am new to the work and I will appreciate your guidance !
Thank you . It is very kind of you .
Something wrong ?
What's wrong ?
Do you want me to take a look ?
Well , if you change your mind , let me know .
No problem .
Sure . I have all kinds of tools . Just ask . I ’ ll be happy to get them for you .
Anything for you . Seriously , I don ’ t mind helping .
This sucks . I hate buying lingerie . Okay , just find something and get out of here . Alright , these are fine . Oh , no , don ’ t come over here , don ’ t come over here .
Um , I ’ m just having a look around . It ’ s my girlfriend ’ s birthday tomorrow . I'm trying to find her something .
Sure that ’ s fine .
Well , do you want a thong , some bikini briefs , maybe this nice pair of lacy boy shorts ?
Here you are , sir . I ’ m sure she ’ ll enjoy them .
What is your case against the police ?
What do you mean ?
Didn ’ t they let you go ?
So they kept you at the station ?
Did they tell you why they arrested you ?
I understand .
Is there anything I can do for you ?
Would you please have a look at the table ? I think this one fits you .
I think it is easier to buy a car than to maintain it . What ’ s worse , I just don ’ t trust those vehicle maintenance shops . Sometimes , they overcharge or don ’ t build those parts I have been paying for . Last week , they even tried to persuade me to buy new parts which really need not to be changed . You know , my car is just half a year old and also good brand . I was just wondering about all these .
Is it possible to make a compliant call to some organization what it ’ s someone gets rip-off .
I would like to have a continental breakfast .
Well , could I have coffee instead of orange juice ?
Welcome to Lincoln Bank . Which service do you require today ?
We have many loans on offer . May I ask what the purpose of the loan is ?
I see . What you need is one of our Petty Consumer Loans .
Certainly . It's quite simple really . Do you hold a resident's permit ?
That's great . We'll also need details of your occupation .
I want to open a saving account , sir . What's the proper procedure ?
Is there any minimum for the first deposit ?
What is the annual interest rate ?
By the way , can I open a checking account too ?
I decided to give it a go !
A DENY shirt and one of Serena Williams ' used tennis rackets !
Yep . I placed a bid for the shirt . The minimum was ten so I bet fifty !
Well , there was a sign that said “ Buy now for seventy . ”
There are thousands of magazines published in the world to meet the needs of different readers . But only a few of them are influential world-wide .
But I think Digest is supposed to be the top one . Its subscribers or buyers are from all social classes , perhaps , a majority of them from the educated group . It's quite strange that the readers love it after reading it .
Well , how was the interview ?
What did the woman ask you ?
Did she ask you any questions about your family ?
Did she tell you whether you would get the job ?
Dad , where is the Book Building ?
She said that when we get off the bus , the Book Building is right by the bus stop .
Oh , Dad , look at the sign , please !
OK , Dad , it happens .
Come on , I'm too tired !
Sure , I promise .
What can I do for you , Ma'am ?
How old is she ?
We have a new-fashioned cell phone especially designed for young girls . The brand name is Nokia .
Sure . This is the one I will not hesitate to recommend . Its color and style is so attractive and also the quality is really reliable .
Sure . By the way , here are some free adornments . Would you like one ?
Have a seat over there . I'll pack it up for you right away .
I don't make idle threats .
I hope you're not turning into a sissy on me , Dave .
If we let Vince and Elvin continue to run things , invoking is going to fail .
Honey , can you set the table ?
Well , make sure to put out the pepper and salt shakers . I don ’ t know if your brother is coming tonight so set an extra place mat just in case .
Yeah go ahead , forks , spoons and knives . I roasted some meat so be sure to put out some steak knives as well .
Honey ? Have you seen our soup bowls ?
Are you being served , sir ?
Artistic tapestry is the highest expression form of the rug weaving art . How about these ones ?
Yes , sir .
Ninety dollars .
But considering the fine craftsmanship it is worth much more .
Good morning . May I help you , sir ?
Do you want an international money order or a banker's draft ?
Could you show me where the ice cream is located ?
This is my first time here .
I'm glad I asked you . So this is aisle 6 where I can find all the canned fruits and vegetables .
Have you made a reservation , sir ?
Your name , please ?
Good morning . I understand that you ’ Ve got a problem with your washing machine . I ’ m from the repair company .
When did it first break down ?
Is it still under warranty . If it is and I can ’ t fix it , it would be quicker and easier to exchange it for a new one .
Ok . I ’ ll start by looking at the motor . I ’ ll just unplug it and take a look inside the machine ... oh , yes . There ’ s the problem . It ’ s quite simple . I ’ ll sort it out in a few minutes .
Part of the motor is loose . I can put it back in place quite easily .
Let me take care of the check today .
You paid the last time , because I didn't have any money , remember ?
But you really should let me treat one time , I feel like I own you one if I didn't .
What's the damage ?
Do you think I should turn down his offer ?
But we may not get another partner .
ABC Company , my name is Lucy . How can I help you ?
Thank you for your interest . The position is still available . Have you already sent your CV to us ?
It is quite urgent for us to fill this position now and I would like to stress that English is a must because of the international contacts and most likely traveling abroad very soon . If all these is not problem for you , I recommend you to mention these in your cover letter and send it to me directly .
Please switch work shifts with me .
Why can't you ?
Well , we've settled the question of price , quality and quantity . Now what about the terms of payment ?
I see . Could you make an exception and accept D / A or D / P ?
To tell you the truth , a letter of credit would increase the cost of my import . When I open a letter of credit with a bank , I have to pay a deposit . That'll tie up my money and increase my cost .
Still , there will be bank charges in connection with the credit . It would help me greatly if you would accept D / A or D / P . You can draw on me just as if there were a letter of credit . It makes no great difference to you , but it does to me .
To meet you half way , what do you say if 50 % by L / C and the balance by D / P ?
Thank you very much for your invitation .
I'd like to say goodbye to you .
Do you have anything in particular that you would like our firm to take into account ?
No problem . We will offer you a room with one bedroom and a kitchen ..
what do you do when you see a homeless person on the streets begging for money ?
homeless youth can easily become involved with drugs and prostitution . Do you do anything to help them ?
that's a good idea . Do they usually accept the food ?
it's sad how more and more young people are sleeping on the streets in London now .
it's true . The economy is in a bit of mess at the moment .
there just isn't enough affordable housing to go around . If only the housing cost would drop , fewer people would be in financial trouble .
something's got to change---and it's got to happen soon .
Have you been having any problems lately ?
Do you have a history of high blood pressure ?
High blood pressure is called the silent killer because it hardly ever has symptoms .
We are going to use this cuff here , and it will give me a reading .
They tell me how much your heart is working at rest and when pumping blood .
Can you tell me what bus to catch from Altadena to downtown LA ?
That bus goes all the way to LA ?
Is the bus ride long ?
That's all ?
Is there always a lot of people on that bus ?
Oh okay , thank you .
Steven , what are you thinking about ?
That's easy . A girl at her age must like beautiful ornaments . How about a hair pin ?
Well , what about a brooch ?
Maybe you should ask her what she wants for her birthday .
Hello .
This is Lamely .
Yes .
I'd like to.see you tomorrow .
Could I have my hair dyed ?
I want the latest fashion , can you make some suggestions ?
I don't think that was suit me very well , blond is kind of erratic .
Oh , no . I think it's better to be a natural chinese , with natural chinese hair.Have you got good brand of hair dye ?
I want the best one .
After this dye job , it feels I look younger .
Could I speak to you for a minute ?
I want to talk about this year ’ s election .
I am volunteering for the campaign .
I want to be a part of history .
Do you plan on voting ?
You should try and make it early to your polling place .
Hello , this is my claim tag . Can I get my baggage ?
Thank you . And where can I get a pushcart ?
Since China was open to the outside world , its trade forms have become much more flexible . One of these commonly used forms is co-production . Would you please do a bit explanation of it , Mr . Walker ?
I suppose that the assembling of these components and parts , particularly the marketing of the finished products should take place in China .
I think the principle of co-production is to expand export trade . It's a reciprocal business , isn't it ?
What are your terms of payment ?
What if we purchase an increased quantity ? Can you give us better terms ?
We do not have the space in our warehouse to store over 5,000 units .
Hi , I'd like to return this radio .
Here it is .
It does not work very well .
No . I'd just like a refund .
May I help you ?
I'm afraid you can't .
It's 100 % cotton .
It's already reduced 20 % .
May I help you ?
Of course , we'd be happy to cash it for you .
Well , it's listed on the electronic board on the left . We cash it at present traveler's check buying rate .
The service charge is 1 % of the total amount of the check .
Would you please countersign them here ?
And your passport please .
Sorry , sir . We can't cash the checks for you without your passport .
Hi , I was wondering if you have my test results in .
So , basically , I am OK ?
What will I learn when I see the results on the website ?
What will the numbers tell me ?
Are all of my test results on that site ?
Mr . Tang , we have decided to hire you . How much do you expect to get a month ?
I don ’ t think we can give you that much as the starting salary .
Maybe , but there are many fringe benefits here .
Additional to medical benefits , we also offer a rent free house and the use of a car .
OK , 4000 yuan a month .
A table for two , please .
Thank you . It's fine .
What do you recommend ? We'd like some of your local specialities .
One cream of fish soup and two portions of prawns .
No , I think it's enough .
Daddy , what's next ? What else do we do now ?
Great . Let's go . Where is it ?
We have many cookies left here . Can we use them as baits ?
So let's go and catch earth worms !
Daddy , do you think we're gonna catch any fish today ? We've been fishing here for more than two hours , and we get nothing .
I love sashimi . Did mom bring any soy sauce for that ?
Cool . Hey , I've got an idea . Why don't we cook it separately ? Half for sashimi , and the other half for grill .
What a busy week !
Right.How are you going to spend your weekend ?
Would you like to play some tennis with me before going home ?
You should try it.It ' s a great game . Come on , let me help you . I'm a good player , and a good teacher , too.What do you say ?
That was a pretty good shot , Mary .
Let me help you with your serve .
Of course , you can.All you need is a little help and a lot of practice .
Well , maybe not a Michael Zhang , but better than the average . Person would you like to play again Wednesday ?
Is there anything I can do for you ?
Could I take a look at it , please ? Let me just check these details ... right .
I've got the details here . 10,000 RIB sent by Mr CK Chen from Guangzhou . Could I see some ID ? You passport , for example ?
I've never been to a restaurant like this before .
That's a good word to describe it .
I am hungry . I think I could eat a large by myself .
I'm in the mood for a Californian .
Are you ready to order now , sir ?
Would you like an appetizer ?
Would you like some soup first ?
What kind of soup would you like ?
Have you decided on anything ?
How about stewed-fried steamed pork ?
Are you interested in today's special ?
Twice cooked spicy pork slices .
Anything else ?
xcuse me ? How can I get to the nearest branch of the national bank ?
how far up the street are the traffic lights ?
ok . So I turn right at the traffic lights . Then ?
ok . Where do I go then ?
Want to join me for a midnight snack ? I need to grab something to eat .
Let's go the food stall . There's a good one just around the corner .
( Later ) Everything looks tempting . What do you want to have ?
Can I have a bite ?
May's birthday is coming . Shall we buy her a birthday present or let her choose one for herself ?
You are such a good father . It's next Sunday .
What about a cell phone ? She is old enough to have one .
Maybe we can try shopping on line .
I'm sure that May would love the pink one .
Totally . Computers bring with them convenience.Oh , what's wrong ?
I need to open an account .
I want a checking account .
What is that ?
That ’ s it ?
What ’ ll happen if I don ’ t maintain that ?
How much will I be fined ?
Hello , I am Richard from the Brooks Head-hunter company . Can I have a private talk with you ?
Sure . Hi , Monica , Richard again . Have you ever heard about our company ? It is an international one with good reputation . We have a lot of successful cases . If you ’ re trying advance your career , I would love to help you . XYZ Company is one of our clients . They ’ re in need of the talent like you . Would you be interested in taking part in an interview ? It is scheduled some time within this week .
Ok , I see . Good luck to you . You have my number . Call me when you change your mind . I can send you more detailed information about company and jobs you might be interested in if you give me your private e-mail address .
Shut up ... Billy ... BILLY !
Wow ! What's that ?
It's so small that I didn't notice it .
Do you have shoes here ?
I want to buy a pair of shoes for an interview .
Excuse me , do you have any English songs ?
Great , thanks .
What do you think this flat ?
Small ? But it should be enough for our needs , I think .
That's true , but I love the living room , it's huge and filled with sunshine .
It has a great balcony with an incredible view of the park .
May be we could get some new furniture , better stuff .
Well , that was an interesting documentary !
Like what ?
Yeah , I know it sounds weird , but a 401k is a type of retirement plan that allows employees to save and invest for their own retirement . Through a 401K , you can authorize your employer to deduct a certain amount of money from your paycheck and invest it in the plan . Everyone tries to contribute as much as possible so that when you retire , you can rest peacefully on your nest egg .
That seems a bit unstable don ’ t you think ?
I don't think we come here at a right time .
The museum doesn't open today .
Where shall we go now ?
Wait a moment , I would like to take some snapshots here .
It's so beautiful here . I want to stay longer .
What experience do you have with office machinery ?
Where do you want to be in five years ?
Very good . Any questions ?
I really like what you have . But the price for this product is much higher than we expected . I am absolutely not a buyer at that price .
I understand that . If you can lower the price by 10 percent , we have a deal right now .
Err , well , I can ’ t decide right now . Do you mind if I have a small internal discussion on this first ? I will tell you our decision this afternoon .
I need some more amenities , please .
Specifically , I'm talking about the little things , like soap and shampoo .
No , I'm not even halfway through my supply .
What's the use of going to a hotel if you don't take home souvenirs ?
There you go . My friends expect me to bring home souvenirs .
I've never paid for a hotel souvenir in my life , and I don't intend to start now .
Oh , what a pleasant surprise ! Don't you remember me ?
Right ! Glad to see you here .
Why don't we get ourselves a new car ? The old one's falling apart .
What kind shall we get ?
Yes , fine .
Why not sometime next week ?
OK .
There's a car dealer down the road.How about going there ?
Are you ready to order , sir ?
We have steamed chicken , braised pork and Beijing roast duck and so on . Here's the menu . What would you like to have ?
Would you like anything to drink ?
Hello . Overseas operator . May I help you ?
Your name , please ?
Who would you like to talk to ?
Is that Mr . Edna Kent ?
What number are you calling from , please ?
And the number in Japan , please ?
How long would you stay , sir ?
Would you please fill in this registration form ?
Okay , I ’ ll take it . By the way , do you have delivery service ?
Do you charge for delivery ?
Very good . Could you deliver it to this address ?
OK . Can you tell me the delivery time ?
Hello , is that Mr . Li ?
I am calling to check your information before the interview . What position did you apply ?
Excuse me . Could you slow down a little ? I couldn't catch you .
I need help in ordering my office supplies .
I need ink cartridges , staples , and Post-its .
Some of these can wait but there are a few things that I need right away .
We have plenty of money for office supplies .
I want to pick them up .
Will I get notification that I qualify for unemployment ?
What is contained in that letter ?
Will the Award Letter tell me what I need to fill out next ?
When I fill out the Continued Claim Form , what will I need to tell them ?
What other information does the form ask for ?
Do you know Yahoo Greetings , Edgar ?
Can you tell me how to send one on it ?
ID ? What's that ?
Oh . I see . But I have done it .
Is that all ?
Can I help you ?
Sure . Any particular model ?
Oh , I'm afraid we've sold out of those . They were really popular .
Good evening , sir . What can I do for you ?
Let me get the keys and we ’ ll go to look at it .
It ’ s the one you like .
Okay . Now we need you to fill a form with your personal information . We need information like social insurance number ( Social security number in the US ) , your address , phone number , etc . We also need a security deposit of $ 200 . And you have to pay two months ’ rent in advance for renting the first time . If there ’ s nothing damaged , we ’ ll give you back one month ’ s rent when you move out . You ’ ll be responsible for all the utilities . Do you want to sign a lease today ?
Oh , one more thing I forgot . You must let us know two months in advance if you want to stop renting within the contract . Otherwise , you can ’ t get your deposit back .
You ’ re welcome . Be sure to get the keys one day before you move in .
Excuse me , do you have A tale of Two Cities ? I'd like a copy of it .
Charles Dickens .
Can you go to the store for me ?
Just a couple things , here's a list .
No , I think that's all that I need .
If you can , could you pick up my prescription for me ?
I think so . It should be .
Thank you so much .
So are you going to get a new swimsuit ?
Why don't you get a bikini ?
You aren't fat . I'll bet you'd look great in a bikini . How about this thong bikini ?
Mr . Blake ? Mr . Foster ’ s on the phone . He ’ d like to know if you can send over those training manuals ?
He was hoping that you could drop them off this afternoon .
Hello . Can I speak to Kevin , please ?
My name is Joan Harris . I ’ m calling from St . Johns Hospital . Are you still interested in a job as a service technician ?
I have good news for you.You ’ Ve got an interview . Can you come to the Human Resources Office on Thursday at 9 30 am ?
345 Stony Creek Avenue .
What do you expect to be doing five years from now ? What are your medium-term career goals ?
This is a precious opportunity for us and our company .
What are you eating ?
Why ?
I'd like to start by talking about prices .
Your products are very good , but the price you ask is much too high .
Do you like that vintage clock ? It's almost fifty years old .
Well , in the fifties , that clock used to be inside a drive-in burger joint .
This is one of my favorite items .
Hi , I was wondering how I'd go about getting a credit card .
Oh , no , I'm afraid I don't . Is that necessary ?
That's done . Do you need to see any credentials ?
I don't have my passport on me at the moment . I'll just pop back to my office and pick it up .
What did you do at the office today ?
What kind of things did you need to check ?
I see . Did anything else happen ?
It must be difficult to remember the details for each individual client .
I hate dealing with complaints . Was it a legitimate complaint ?
You certainly had a busy day .
Can I help you ?
What size do you wear ?
Then please look at this suit .
Yes , we have some in blue , green , black and brown .
US $ 138 .
Tom , we are in the restaurant now !
I'd like to see the menu , please .
Thanks . I am starving . Tom , what are you getting ?
Let me see ... What's this , shrimp rolls ?
Twenty five yuan is a little expensive .
Sounds nice . We will take this , two bowls of shrimp rolls .
We will have this one first and order something else later .
You know , I'm a pretty laid-back person . I don't like to have lots of arguments or worry about lots of things . For example , I like to keep the apartment clean too , but if it gets a little dirty once in a while , that's not a big deal .
Yeah , I really don't want a lot of drama in the apartment . It's important that we don't get on each other's nerves .
What post have you held before ?
Would you make me a dust coat out of this serge ?
What's the charge ?
Hello , this is Lucy from ABC Company . Is this Monica ?
I am calling to inform you that we have arranged an interview for this accountant position at 2 PM this Thursday afternoon . Please come on time .
Oh , you can take the subway , get off at B stop and walk north for several minutes . You will find a building . It will take about 40 minutes in total .
Excuse me , sir.You are not supposed to smoke here .
Your seat is in the non-smoking section.So , please refrain from smoking .
Then , I'll try to find a seat in the smoking section.One moment , please . Thank you for waiting . I found a seat in the smoking section for you .
Hi , sorry to have kept you waiting .
How are you ?
Hello , Sir , may I help you ?
Very well , here are the general terms of our loan policies . We pride ourselves in having the lowest interest rate in the country for personal loans .
It depends on how long you take to pay it back . If we lend you ten thousand dollars at an annual interest rate of ten percent for forty eight months , you would have to pay each month a portion of the loan which is called the principal and another small portion of the annual interest rate . This of course is considering that you don ’ t default on a payment !
That is a very serious problem you see , the bank must assess your personal information , past loans , assets and any other relevant information such as your credit score in order to approve your loan .
You have got a problem , haven't you ?
Good morning , can I help you ?
Here are several sets of furniture , including sofa , dressing table , wardrobe , and sideboard . How about this one ?
What do you think ?
I would like to purchase it .
Here , take my credit card .
Sure . Here you go .
Steven , what's your idea of price ?
I'm afraid that's impossible . You can't expect us to reduce it to that extent .
Price can't be separated from quality . A comparison of the quality of our products with that of rival goods will show you that ours is far superior .
Well , I'll have to think about it and get back to you in about 30 minutes .
Why are you quitting ?
Excuse me , would you mind taking a picture for us ?
It's simple . Just press the button , like this .
What's that ?
Oh .
Grandpa , this restaurant looks really old ! How long ago was it built ?
Oh , it's interesting . Dad told me you brought him here when he was young , too . Now , it's my turn .
I'd like to eat a hamburger and a bottle of coca-cola .
Then there is nothing particular I'd like to eat . Grandpa , what's your favorite here ?
Sure . Is it sweet ?
Great , I want it spicy .
I want it to be special . And you know that I always like hot food .
Is the girl in red your girlfriend ?
Who's she then ?
I'm looking for the produce section , please .
Are bananas on sale today ?
Here ' s my passport . I'm a visiting scholar .
No , these are all my personal effects .
Not at all . I don't know what's dutiable.Do I have to pay duty on things for my own use ?
Did you listen to the weather forecast ?
There ’ s a typhoon coming .
May I speak to Mrs . Liu , please ?
Oh , good morning , Mrs . Liu . I'm calling to see if you have received my resume that I sent to you by Email .
My name is Steven . May I ask whether I can have an interview ?
When is it most convenient for me to visit you to talk about the position ?
Good morning , may I help you ?
Please fill out this form , please .
Yes . You must put on its name and full address .
Let me check . Yes . Your one thousand remittance , please .
This rate is one percent . That will be 10 Yuan .
Generally it will arrive within a week .
No . That's all . You have to take good care of this copy of this transfer order .
have you bought a present for jim ’ s birthday yet ?
I ’ m having the same problem . I want to get something really special . Jim always seem to know exactly what to get people as gifts .
he bought me an iron .
maybe not , but my iron was getting old . In fact , it stopped working the week after jim bought me the new one . It ’ s as if he knew that my old iron would soon stop working !
yes , I do . Let ’ s go . We should be able to find something suitable . We should get him something old ... something historic .
I ’ ll be happy to get him something special , even if it coasts a little extra .
I want to buy some meat .
I want one pound of ground beef .
That will be fine .
Let me also have three pounds of chicken breasts .
Can you tell me the total cost of the chicken breasts ?
That's all I'm going to get today .
Oh , dear . My weight has gone up again .
And I suppose sitting at a desk all day at the office doesn't help .
I do wish I could lose weight
I've tried diets before but they've never worked .
What is your policy on returns ?
Sounds good .
Charge . Here's my card .
We have reservations for two at your restaurant tonight .
I'm calling to see if I can request a specific table .
I proposed to my wife in your restaurant and I would like the same table if I can .
It was a little table by the bay windows overlooking the wharf .
OK , so this is our newest machine . It was only installed last year .
About 1,500 metres per minute . It's one of the fastest in the world . We had a few problems with it after start-up but it's running very well now .
This is 911 .
Slow down and tell me your address .
An ambulance is on its way right now . They should be there any minute . Are you close to him right now ?
Is he breathing ?
what kind of qualities do you look for in your friends ?
I don ’ t like to make friends with people who aren ’ t honest . Honesty is very important to me .
you can find out from their friends .
oh , I don ’ t . they don ’ t seem to take anything seriously . You never know when they are joking and when they are being serious .
it seems that we generally like different kinds of people . How is it that we are such good friends ?
Excuse me , what do you want for this bag ?
Would you take $ 12 ?
13.50 ?
I need to get some business cards printed up .
I think I can get by with 2,000 .
I hope you can make the new cards just like my old cards .
... Okay , I'm through . Here's the form and my old card .
Now that I think of it , three days is better than seven .
I'm so hungry ! I haven't late eaten all day !
They're all so thin ! Her cheekbones are great .
The mag says she's 165 centimeters tall and 38 kilos . If only we could be that thin then ...
Oh , bathroom blues .
I went to try it on yesterday , but it only came in extra small .
( Weigh herself ) Hey , I lost a kilo in a week with my all-fruit diet . If I keep going , I can wear that dress next month .
Dieting . It's the price we pay to make men notice us .
They're also way younger than us .
You never worked out ?
Excuse me . Could you give me some directions ?
A gas station . My car ran out of gas two blocks back .
Do you know the name of the street ?
By the way , do you know the price of the gas now ?
I'm looking for a gift for my daughter .
Yes , she needs something to help her at school .
That sounds good . How much is one ?
Only $ 2,100 ? Okay , let me have one .
Let me dig my VISA out of my purse .
Do I need to buy anything else ?
Thank you so much .
What can I do for you ?
Have you a taste for this kind ?
What about this ?
I have a lot of them .
OK , here you are .
Brian , a company called me for an interview .
How ?
Okay .
How expensive ?
I can ’ t afford too expensive , maybe $ 50 to $ 70 ?
How ?
Is a white blouse okay ?
Black ?
White pantyhose ?
Jewelry ?
How about make up ?
Perfume ?
Hi , Monica , congratulations ! Your presentation at the meeting was very successful and everyone was impressed by your speech . And it was so persuasive and I bet our clients will be convinced to invest their money in this project . You really made a big contribution to our company .
You must have been prepared for a long time . Some statistics in this presentation are not easy to find , right ?
Now , the effort pays off . You have accomplished something .
Hello . I'm answering the ad in the paper about your car.And I wonder if it is still available ?
Good.Can you give me some information about it ... uh .. mileage and the tires and things like that ?
I would like to have this laundry done .
OK . By the way , I would like to have this sweater washed by hand in cold water . It might shrink otherwise .
Where can I enjoy the best local food ?
Yes , I do .
Is it very far from here ?
Good morning . Welcome to Time After Time Watches .
Well , you've come to the right place . What kind of watch are you looking for ?
Hmm ... This Rolex ? $ 1,000 .
This one is $ 500 .
Did you enjoy your weekend at the highland hotel ? I heard it ’ s and excellent place to stay and has good facilities .
Do they have a swimming pool ?
What ’ s the service like ?
It sounds perfect . Did you have any complaints at all ?
I suppose you were happy to forget about the outside world .
Thanks . Was there a mina bar in the room ?
One of the things I dislike about hotels is that everyone expects tips .
My mother bought me a new video game .
Well , the hero is a Super Warrior . He has to fight the bad guys to find the treasure .
There are a lot ! Two really bad ones are Giant Monster and Human Spider .
It's in a dungeon , under a castle .
It's not easy to find . Anyway , you can come to my home after school today and try .
Good evening , sir . What's your pleasure this evening ? Your usual ?
Certainly , a beer . Here you are , sir .
Have you ever gotten a parking ticket ?
How many is a few ?
Have you paid all your tickets off ?
How much is the fine ?
That's not cheap at all .
Pay it off , and they'll clear your record .
Do you like shopping at flea markets ?
The antiques market here in Paris is very famous . It's called Le marche aux puces de Saint-Ouen .
It's also known as Les Puces , which means ‘ The Fleas ' .
Would you like a piece of birthday cake ?
I thought strawberry cake with cream cheese frosting was your favorite ?
A diet ? What for ? You are in great shape .
Oooo . This sounds serious .
This is Mary . I just want to let you know that we made an offer to you . The salary is 3,000 yuan a month , I e-mailed the offer to you as well . You can let me know within a week if you accept the offer .
We hope you get on board with us , Please let me know as soon as possible .
I'm here to conduct the annual census of foreigners living in Beijing . This is my service ID card .
We only need to verify your information against our records .
Please show me your passport and Residence Permit .
How long have you been living here ?
May I know your occupation ?
Is that right ? Which university , if you don't mind my asking ?
Good afternoon . What can I do for you today , Madam ?
OK , Madam . We are here to help .
I understand completely . There are other options , such as a Personal Pledge Loan .
The procedure is really simple and convenient . All you need to do is fill in this Loan Application form .
Of course , we'll need some documentation from you . Like your resident permit , proof of salary and your USD Deposit Certificate , to use as collateral .
Have you got any specific proposal about the terms of payment ?
I'm sorry to say the only term of payment we can accept is 100 % irrevocable letter of credit payable against shipping documents .
I'm afraid not . We insist on a letter of credit , because as seller , we also have the problem of funds being tied up .
What kind of personality do you think you have ?
Do you think you are introverted or extroverted ?
What do you think is the most important thing for you to be happy ?
What kind of people do you like to work with ?
What kind of people do you find difficult to work with ?
Plaza Hotel , good morning . Leo speaking .
Certainly . A single room is 120 dollars American , per night .
And when would you like the rooms ?
Arriving the 25th of September and leaving on the 28th ? Three nights ?
Just a minute please .
Yes , thank you .
My name is Mona White .
Jack Webber .
Sure . W-E-double B-E-R .
Could you please cover for me two hours this morning ?
I have to see the dentist . We have an appointment for this morning from 9 to 11 o ’ clock . So if there is any phone call , please pick up for me . If there is something urgent , tell them I will be back in two hours .
How may I help you ?
What is it ?
I do apologize for that .
I see your problem .
I will cancel the fees you owe .
You ’ ll only have to pay the initial fee .
I fired Mr . Li today .
Do I have to deposit my handbag at the checkroom ?
Thank you . I'd tike to buy some milk powder for my baby . Is there anything that you can recommend for me ?
No more than three .
How about its quality ?
OK , what is this ?
You know that this job requires frequent business travel . Can you accept it ?
Mostly short business trips , but sometimes long ones are also needed .
The company will pay all the expenses .
Usually Shanghai , Qingdao , Hong Kong and so on .
And you need to go abroad once in a while . Can you ?
After the business trip , you could apply for reimbursement of all the expenses , such as passage money and accommodation charges and so on .
You can take a break for one or two weeks after you have a business trip every time , which depends on the circumstances .
We have a holiday next week , don't we ?
What're you going to do ?
At cars ! You aren't thinking about buying a car , are you ?
But it will be expensive to have a car in the city , won't it ?
But what about parking ? You can't park on the street , can you ?
Farmington ? Would you take a look at these catalogue ads that Roger did ? I don ’ t think we can use them .
I know , Mr . Farmington . But , I ’ m not sure that I should bring this up with him . I think it would be better if you spoke to him .
Is there anything I can dor you ?
Why not go the youth restaurant ? You will have a happy lunch there .
I need to get internet .
What kind can I get ?
Which one do you feel is best ?
DEL is better than dial-up ?
I'm not sure what that means .
That'll make it impossible for me to use .
How many people are traveling with you today , miss ?
And how many bags do you have ?
You must be going to some island to relax in the sun where all you need is a swim suit and a toothbrush .
Well , you have fun .
Thank God , it's Friday ! Time for a drink ! Let's hit the bars !
Should we start with beer or wine or go straight to the hard liquor ?
Port's too sweet . It's a dessert wine . A dry red French wine would be nice with meat . A glass of chilled white German wine would be good with fish . But , we're not eating and it's hot out , so I think I'll have a tall glass of sangria with ice .
Do you know how the national flag of Canada looks like ?
What is the great trait in your personality ?
So you may like inventive jobs .
What would you be doing in U . S . A ?
What do you want to see particularly ?
I'd like to have these shirts washed and ironed .
Yes , heavy starch in the collar , please .
I also have a suit to be dry-cleaned . Can I fetch it the day after tomorrow ? It's urgent .
Could you please tell me when your laundry opens and closes ?
I see .
Thank you . I'd like to get my laundry .
Here you are .
Can you sew on these buttons ?
How much for the shirts ?
Here is the money , keep the change .
Who's the champion in this picture ?
are you ready for the meeting ?
it's challenging , but I'm enjoying it quite a bit .
thanks a lot .
well , that's part of the problem . His probation period is up tomorrow and I don't think he's ready to pass .
well , he was supposed to be able to learn his job in 30 days , but he just doesn't seem to know what he's doing .
to be honest , he has no authority . He's a hard-worker , but no one listens to him .
I know . It'd be great if we could transfer him to a department where he doesn't have to work with people .
Waiter , bring me the menu , will you ?
I'd like to see the menu.Would you get me one , please ?
Thank you.Ah ! But this is in French.Would you mind giving me the English menu ?
Thanks . I'll need a while to choose.Could you come back in a minute ?
I'm sorry , I haven't decided yet.Do you mind giving me a couple of minutes ?
Lucy , where are you going ?
Wait a few minutes and I'll go there with you .
Good idea
Let's check out the fruit section first .
Look , nice fresh cherries ! They are ripe and soft . I'll take some .
Let's go to the snacks section . I want some chocolate and sweets .
Do you want to buy something else ?
Please take a seat .
Now what can I do for you ?
Fine , but first I need some information about you .
Well , first of all , your name.What ' s your surname ?
And your other names ?
Have you got your e-mail address ?
How old are you ?
Where were you Bron ?
Room service.What can I do for you ?
Here is a shop in the hotel . It's on the 11th floor .
Excuse me . How much for one are these ?
OK . Say I was to buy four , could I get a discount ?
Oh , I was hoping to get one free . Like four for 75 dollars .
Good afternoon madam . What can I do for you ?
OK . Please hold on a minute . So you checked in on Monday and stayed 3 nights in single room 1005 . Is that right ?
OK . Here you are . If there are no questions , could we have your signature in the blank below ?
Your resume mentioned that you had been the surveyor , which was a concurrent job , of a certain market survey company . What was your main work content ?
What had you gained mainly from this survey activity ?
Well , we've settled everything in connection with this transaction except the question of the mode of payment .
Payment by sight L / C is quite usual in international trade , and as a rule , we only accept payment by sight L / C .
Accepting time L / C is unusual and I've never done it before , but we could consider your request . I'll phone our company to see what they say .
May I help you ?
Excuse me , are you Sara Wilson ?
Nice to meet you too . Let me help you with your bags .
Good afternoon . I suppose you are Ms . Monica . My name is Mr . Thomas , the general manager of ABC Company . Here is my business card .
I am very impressed by your resume . Therefore , I am very interested to know why you ’ re willing to leave your current company .
Ok , I understand . But why you choose us to work for ?
How do you work with a team ?
What ’ s your long term goal ?
Do you want to buy a sweater ?
The cowl-neck pullovers are new in . It sells like hot cakes .
Do you take reservations ?
I need a table for two for tonight .
We'd like to be seated at 8p m .
Non-smoking .
My name is Paul .
I have a complaint to make . I've just been badly treated by a rude maid .
Ted.room 2012 .
Hello , sir . Can I help you ?
What ’ s the job title ?
You need to fill out an Application Form .
It is on the desk over there . Be sure to fill out everything . Don ’ t leave any blank spaces . When you ’ re done bring the application to me .
Study hard , otherwise you'll fail .
Don't render me lip-service , you'd better stay at home tonight .
Hello , may I speak with the property manager , please ?
During that horrible rainstorm last night , my roof began to leak .
It was in our bedroom .
We are on the top floor .
Yes , we will be in .
Your total comes to $ 36.78 .
There ’ s a problem with your card .
I believe it was declined .
Do you have another card I could try ?
Do you have cash , perhaps ?
You ’ re not going to be able to take these items today .
May I take your order now , sir ?
Chef ’ s salad for starter . And what would you like to have for the main course ?
How would you like your steak done ?
And what would you like to go with your steak ?
Potatoes ?
What seems to be the problem ?
Has this been a problem before ?
For how long ?
Do you only feel this way when you stomach is empty ?
Do you feel nauseous ?
Do you have regular bowel movements ?
Let me take a look at your abdomen . Lie down on your back and bend your knees up . OK . relax ... Alright , it seems like you have a duodenal ulcer , but we'll have to run some tests before I can be certain . You should get a good rest first and try not to strain your stomach too much .
I need to pay the fine on my ticket .
Yes , I have my ticket with me .
I forgot to bring that with me .
Why can't I just give you the money for the fine ?
Okay , I think I understand .
So once I pay this off , my record will be cleared ?
Switchboard . Which extension would you like ?
I'm afraid the line is busy at the moment . Just hold on , please .
Laura , what are you going to do today ?
What time are you leaving ?
Will you buy a ham sandwich for me at the store ?
Do you have enough money ?
How much do you have ?
That's not very much .
Let me give you another ten dollars .
Is there anything I can do for you ?
We carry products from three large manufacturers and some imported ones , too . Do you have a specific model in mind ?
This one from Sony gives a very sharp picture .
Which brand do you prefer ?
Dodge Automobiles , may I help you ?
No , I'm the operator .
Can I help you ?
Let me see ... the train to New York City ... here it is ... daily except Sunday at ten thirty , twelve twenty and fifteen ten .
Sorry , not before ten thirty .
One way or round trip ?
A soft seat or hard one ?
15 dollars.And for a hard one , only 6 dollars .
Honey , could you help me operate the VD player ? It can't play .
I think so .
I'm too careless .
No .
It's a new disk .
Here you are .
What did you buy at the market ?
You seem to have bought the whole market !
Paper-cuts are all hand-made . Let me see the paper-cuts you bought . They are all animals .
All right . Animals , especially Chinese zodiac , are the most common theme in paper-cuts . But there are other themes .
Why do you want to buy so much ?
Hello , Sir . We haven't seen you for quite a while . So , what is it today that we can do for you ?
I see , yes , I can do that now . I'm sure you know , as I may have told you before , you should pay an extra 20 RIB handling fee for this service .
I can just take it from your account , you don't need to give me cash .
Anything else you'll be needing today , Sir ?
Have you finished washing clothes ?
Well , when you do your darks , can you wash some of mine too ?
They need to be washed on the gentle cycle .
There aren't many clothes , is your load big ?
If it's a problem , you don't have to do it for me .
I greatly appreciate this .
Hello , Mr . Kramer . Could you spare a minute ?
I need to talk to you about that new secretary you ’ Ve hired . I think I ’ m going to have some problems working with her .
How much will it amount to ?
Do you receive traveler's checks ?
You may not remember me.My name is Joe Brown .
Nice to see you again .
What color is your new dress ?
Thanks you .
That ’ s a nice dress . It ’ s very smart .
What color is it ?
Good morning , Mr . Smith .
It is 9 o'clock now .
You have two meetings today . One is at 10 am , and the other is at 2 pm . After the meeting , you will have dinner with Mr . Brown at the Chinese restaurant in Sister Hotel .
No problem . Do you need the OHP ?
OK . Do you want to ask the receptionist to wait for our customers at the receptionist counter before the meeting ?
What ? Your golden watch is lost ?
It's an open book that it was stolen by the man in black .
Here we are , Ryan ! This is where we're going to celebrate !
You won't need it . Tom is going to treat everybody !
If it were up to Tom , we'd have the wedding in the ETV ? He loves to sing .
Well , uh , I'll let you decided that for you yourself . He'll be here a little later . Here's our room .
Let's order something to eat . What are you in the mood for ?
What else can I do for you today ?
We'll have our own Secure Internet Banking Service . What it is , is a sort of online financial service for enterprises and individuals , so you could get it . It's for doing all types of e-business .
Can I help you , sir ?
Of course .
Excuse me , when is the next train to Los Angeles ?
Can I get the ticket here ?
Are you the loan officer of this bank ?
I was wondering if I could ask you some questions about a loan I want to make .
Here I raise a question for you . Just imagine we will have a foreign guest from Japan . Can you tell me how I ought to be to the most comfortable and polite ?
Well , that's right . How about on a formal occasion ? What should I say to show my gratitude ?
And then , what should we do next when you meet the guests ?
Mrs . Montgomery ? I ’ Ve been trying to figure out when we should have the New Year ’ s party . Could you take a book at these dates ?
Well , why don ’ t we make it the thirtieth ? We can set it up from three to five . That way , everybody can just go home afterwards .
May I help you ?
Alright . Do you have your receipt ?
And why are you returning them ?
I see . Oh , wait . Ma'am , I'm sorry . These slacks were on sale .
I'm sorry , but we don't allow returns on sale items .
I'm sorry , but we usually don't do it . It is our policy .
Well . Let me talk to the manager for a moment . Madam , the manager says can do it this time .
Please show me your receipt again .
I will have to give you store credit , Madam . If you can find something else you like in the store , you can use the credit .
Good morning , my name is Martin . You've applied for the Laboratory Assistant's position , right ?
Can you tell me why you replied to our advertisement ?
Do you know exactly what you would be doing as a Laboratory Assistant ?
What sort of student do you regard yourself as ? Did you enjoy studying while you were at school ?
What were your favorite subjects at school ?
Do you have any plans for further study ?
Have you ever had a job before ?
We have a lot of other applicants for this position . Why do you think that you deserve to get the job ?
I think I have asked you everything I wanted to . Thank you for coming along to the interview .
We'll be in touch with you by telephone or by mail within a week . Well . Goodbye .
Good morning !
Would you hold on a second , please ? Miss Cooper's extension is engaged .
I'm sorry , sir . I can't interrupt her . I'm sure she won't be very long .
I really can't say how long she'll be .
Yes , certainly .
Yes , sir . I'll ring her on an inside line if you like .
I want to buy some jewellery .
I should like to look at some bracelets .
Gold ones .
Pure gold ones , please . This is so beautiful . I'll take it .
How much is it ?
Hi . Can I help you ?
Okay . Please let me know if you need any help .
Let's catch the waiter's eyes . We want to have a table for 4 .
Well , it's too close to the door . Is that table reserved ?
Our current apartment is valued at RIB 700,000 . We can sell it and put that money towards buying the new apartment .
And we can take out a loan to pay the rest .
Hello , May I help you ?
Oh , how nice ! there are bright rooms and the house is very quiet .
Well , each room is 40 dollars a week .
When do you want to move in ?
Fine , I'll be expecting you .
Is there a vacant table for two now ?
Well , we would like to sit over there . Is that all right ?
So , who do you work for ?
And which side of the business do you work in ?
Where are DAK headquarters ?
Now , madam , here is the Hotel .
$ 15 .
Well , madam , the meter was not on at all . You didn't tell me .
I wonder if you can help me . I'm looking for a room .
How much is it ?
OK.Can I see the room now ?
IMPF Bank , Li Lan speaking , how may I help you ?
Hello , Mr Peng , how nice to hear from you again . What can I do for you today ?
I see . How much exactly ?
No , that's OK . I've got all of your information here on the screen in front of me . The money will be ready and waiting for you tomorrow .
Hello . Excuse me . Do you know if there's a Commercial Bank around here ?
Straight on , and turn right . Is it far ?
Thanks very much .
Hello . I would like to buy some business cards .
Two thousand would be fine .
All I want is the same thing on this card .
... Okay , I'm finished . Here's your form and my old card .
Do you think you could finish it in three days ?
Good evening , miss . Want some socks ?
Yes.But I recommend you to buy pantyhose . The stockings are already out-dated .
I've something very unpleasant to talk with you . Upon the arrival of the first consignment , it was found that about 50 % of the sixty cases of pineapples were leaking .
It ’ s simply because the tins were damaged .
I am sorry to say it's not on the way , but during loading . The tins inside the cases were broken evidently through rough handling .
Certainly . Here you are . Our health authorities said they were no longer suitable for human consumption . I have to remind you that our terms are CIF Hamburg . I hope you would indemnify us for the loss , so it wouldn't be so heavy on us .
Hello , this is Dr Cook's clinic.May I speak to Mr.Smith ?
Dr Cook won't be able to see you at the time suggested.Could you make it a quarter to two ?
I am rejoiced to tell you that you are employed .
You are expected to report for on-job training on the 15th of May . Will you be there ?
How can I get to Lakeside Park ?
Will it take me straight there ?
Taxi .
Thank you . Pls hurry , I am late . Can I get to the Battery Park before 4 ?
How exactly do you figure out the car fare ?
Oh , I see .
Thank you . How much do I owe you ?
That's 20 dollars . Keep the change !
Which school are you attending ?
When will you graduate from that university ?
What degree will you receive ?
What is your major ?
How have you been getting on with your studies so far ?
How do you think the education you've received will contribute to your work in this institution ?
Excuse me , do you know where the Post Office is ?
Is the restaurant on the right or on the left hand side of the road ?
OK . Do I turn on the lights or do I go straight ?
And do I take that road ?
Is there a Post Office sign on the building ?
Thank you very much .
Can I help you , Madam ?
These are all the latest fashion . How do you like this white turtleneck one ?
We also have it in grey .
It's my pleasure . I think this pair of jeans will suit the sweater well .
Hello , Sara are you finished packing yet ? Do you need a hand ?
Make sure you have your ID card . You will need it while you travel .
All your important documents and certificates should be in the desk drawer .
Sara ?
Did you buy a map ? Traveling can be really inconvenient without one , and you could even wind up lost
Also , take these pills in case you have any airsickness , and take some cold medicine , too . How about some band-aids ?
Take care , dear ! Be careful ! Oh Sara , wait a minute ! You forget your raincoat and umbrella .
Excuse me , please.Could you tell me how to get to the No . 10 Middle School ?
Is it far from here to there ?
Many thanks !
What else , Ma'am ?
Let me show you to the cashier's . It's 905 yuan in total .
Oh , it's a service charge .
Sorry , but we can't do that . It's store's rule .
Yes .
Here is the receipt . Wanna to have it wrapped , Ma'am ?
It'll be great to have you again .
Excuse me . Can you show me some nail-polish ?
That's good .
In my opinion , orange is very nice .
You're right . Well , just these two , please .
What was that ?
How did it happen ?
It was my favorite .
Maybe I shouldn't have put it here . Someone was bound to bump it eventually .
If one is rich , is the happy ?
Could I understand what you said as the poorest is the happiest ?
Good morning . Can I help you ?
Just a moment , please . I am sorry , sir . There is no ticket available on that day . But we have flights for Hong Kong the next day .
A 9:12 flight in the morning and a 14:00 flight in the afternoon .
At 10:20
All right , sir . Please reconfirm your ticket no later than 12 noon two days before the flight ; otherwise , your reservation will automatically be canceled .
It's 500 dollars , not including ground transportation fares between the airport and downtown .
Right , sir . And please do not forget to bring a valid travel document with you when you buy the tickets .
What kinds of meat are most popular in your country ?
Yes , we do . We also eat mutton .
That's right . Mutton chops taste so good . We eat them with sauce . Have you ever tried ?
Certainly I can . I'll buy some from the butcher's and cook for you next Sunday .
Excuse me . Is anyone sitting here ?
You don ’ t mind if I smoke , do you ?
Oh , I ’ m sorry . But this isn ’ t a no-smoker , isn ’ t it ? I mean would you mind if I smoke here ?
Sign ? What ’ s sign ?
Oh , sorry . I didn ’ t notice it . Sorry .
Hi . I need a wake-up call tomorrow .
I need two calls , one at 7 and another at 7 fifteen .
Then again , I think 7 fifteen is too early . Change 7 fifteen to 7 thirty , please .
Not just now , but if I do think of something later , I'll give you a ring .
Hello , this is Lucy from ABC Company .
I'm calling to see if you have made your decision . You are the right person we are seeking for .
Good news for us . When can you start to work ?
Ok , please come to my office at 9 AM next Monday . I will introduce you to our boss .
Mr . Anderson , the boss wants to see you .
Could you arrange me to see Doctor John tomorrow morning ?
How about 1:30 ?
You have to finish your dinner before you leave the table .
What's the matter ? It doesn't taste good ?
Welcome . How can we be of service today ?
Well , happy birthday . If it was sent yesterday using the usual service , it should be here already . You do have an account with us , right ?
Please . Just to double check all the details .
Do you have this design with only one breast pocket ?
It's a pity . I'm afraid that's too loud for me.Thank you .
I'm glad I brought my jacket on this trip .
What would you like to do today ?
I thought we could go to some of the museums.Don ' t you want to see the museums ?
I don't agree . I think the Capitol building is the most famous.But okay . If you want to see the White House , we'll go see it . I'm just afraid it will be boring .
Can you assure the quality of this air conditioner ?
What if there's something wrong with it ?
Are you sure ?
So how far is the museum , dad ?
Finish your hot chocolate and we will go .
No , we will have lunch at the museum cafeteria .
Let's go then . On the way we have to turn right and right again at the next junction .
Can you see a Post Office somewhere around here ?
How much is this shirt , please ?
Do you have it in a larger size ?
Hello , Mr.Green . This is Lin Tong . How are you ?
Oh , sorry to interrupt you . But I am calling to say goodbye to you . I am awfully sorry to tell you that I am afraid I could not see you off at the airport tomorrow , because I will have to attend a very important meeting .
Thanks a lot . You have been here for almost three weeks . How time flies !
It is our pleasure . It has been a great pleasure to work with you .
Really ? Great ! We will . Well , what's your flight number ? When are you leaving tomorrow ?
OK , I will send someone to see you off .
My pleasure . Take care and have a nice trip .
Let's call it a deal . Hope to see you again soon . Keep in touch then . Byebye .
Francis , what ’ s that ?
Could you tell me something about it ?
How many departments do we have ?
Ok . Who should I report to ?
Are you being served , madam ?
Yes , what size is in your mind ?
Any particular brand ?
How about this one ? It ’ s the latest design , simple but elegant .
$ 100 .
How much would you say ?
Have you any evening bus tour ?
I have heard of that before . When shall we start ?
I booked a double room for tonight . My name is Ruth Joy .
Plastic bags are widely used nowadays .
Room service . May I come in ?
Mr . Green ?
OK.If you need anything , just call the Room service .
Just leave them outside the door . We will take care of it .
Did you feed the puppies today ?
That's good ! Just make sure to bathe them later .
Thank you ! You know they have to go to the vet on Saturday ?
Their appointment is at eleven o'clock in the morning .
We ’ re trying to get donations .
We ’ re getting donations for the campaigns .
As much as we can .
We ’ re just going door to door .
Do you have any suggestions ?
That is a good idea .
Hi , Juliet , I'm treating Mr.Li and his team members from Galp to dinner tomorrow evening.Where do you think I should take them ?
That's a good idea . Which one do you recommend ? The Pairszone ?
We'll go to the place . Could you book a table for 4 at 7 PM ?
So , are we all behind this new project ?
Ditto , it doesn't look too expensive either .
Good afternoon . May I help you ?
Certainly , may I take your name ? I ’ ll let her know you ’ Ve arrived .
Ms . Stevens will be with you momentarily . Can I offer you something to drink ?
Hello . Mr . Rodriguez ?
Yes , sir . I ’ Ve just dropped those slides off at the Winthrop office . Do you need anything else while I ’ m out ?
Have you any beef today ?
How much is it a pound ?
Good . I'll get three pounds of it .
The bracelet is so well suited to you . It looks very nice .
Are you ready to order , sir ?
Do you want anything to go with soup ?
I need a suggestion for a restaurant here in Manhattan .
My date's very sophisticated , so I'm sure she would expect nothing but the best .
No , thank you , I want to go out on the town . What other ideas do you have ?
That sounds like a good place to take a date . Can you make a reservation for me ?
Hello , is this apartment management ?
Yes , this is the tenant of apartment ten . I guess my kitchen sink is clogging up again , and so is the bathtub .
Um , I'd really appreciate it if you send someone over to fix it today . It's really a bother . I can't cook or take a shower .
Can I make preservation now ?
9:45 , please . We want a table next to the window .
How many undergraduates are hired here each year ?
I see . What kind of backgrounds does the staff have ?
Good morning , Madam , can I take your order now ?
Anything else ?
How about drink ?
Please wait a moment .
OK . What's up , Madam ?
OK .
Yes , anything wrong ?
Yes , I see .
There's a question I want to ask you .
Which leg do you want to have , right leg or left one ?
Why do you say so many thanks ?
How about overtime work ?
Do you like regular work ?
How is your computer skill ?
What kind of software can you use skillfully ?
What are the requirements to apply for the position ?
Do you think my educational background suits this position ?
Does this job require that new employees take any kind of training course ?
Could you tell something about the job ?
Good evening , sir , and welcome to Chez Attitude .
Yes , Mr . Foster , if you would please be seated over in the waiting area , our hostess will be with you in a moment .
Of course , I will tell her .
Sure , if you would like one of those tables , I could seat you right away .
Here are your menus and the wine menu , and would you like to order your drinks now ?
Sure , no problem , sir .
Mr . Smith , I would like to get right to the point here . First , we need to talk about how much each company will pay .
Let's look at that another way . The major point is the value that we add , not who has been in business longer , or is bigger .
We do not want to place ourselves in an inferior position . We are a good , small company---that's why you are interested .
Are you planning on voting ?
Yes , but this will be my first time voting .
Yes , and I have no idea how to do it .
I don ’ t know any of the laws they ’ re trying to pass .
I didn ’ t know that .
That ’ s good to know .
Would you like anything else , sir ?
Certainly . Would you like your coffee with your dinner or later ?
You are in the pink recently . How do you make it ?
Are you tired after class ?
Excuse me , can you recommend some places for us to go tonight ?
Good idea . My wife has a fine ear for music . I am sure she would like it .
May I please speak to Tom ?
I'll just try him again .
No , but what time do you expect him back ?
What in the world is that smell ?
Smells like you're baking something . What are those ?
Cool ! But isn't that a hot air popcorn popper ?
Bob , did you see our supervisor ? I need him to sign this paper .
What's up ?
Thanks for the warning .
I love breathing fresh air in the suburb places , while sitting in the morning sunshine .
Yeah , just return to nature and feel the thrills of its beauty .
Sure . The sunny days of spring are ideal for outdoor gatherings .
OK , you go back to our car and fetch the picnic stuff .
Nothing special . Food , drinks , and Daniel's kangaroo toys .
He said he would like to be our tour director and he lined up many things to do .
Science ? What are you talking about ? Forget about your science , OK ? It's a picnic !
I can't agree on that . Just cut it out . Give him a break and don't spoil the day .
Hey , Robert , that's a nice shirt you are wearing . Where did you get it ?
That's nice . Do you know you can get one at the wholesale market near the zoo for a much lower price ?
True , learning how to haggle the price is one of the things people have to pick up when they come to China for the first time .
Yeah , I have the same feeling . Also there is another thing that bothers me the quality . Things in a department store are usually quality-guaranteed . But at a wholesale market , you never know whether what you are buying are of good quality or not .
Would you mind if I ask the insurance policy of our company ?
I wonder whether I can enjoy the life insurance and health insurance .
Hello , I'm returning your phone call .
No problem , but what were you calling about ?
Is he messing up in school ?
What was he doing ?
I don't know what's gotten into him .
I will get right on that , and I am very sorry .
Are you from America ?
Yes . Nice to meet you !
Thanks , I will appreciate it . How long have you been here ?
That's right . Once the contract with Stars.com is final , we'll deal with Zina .
Don't jump the gun . She's in the driver's seat right now . You have to be patient .
Hi . I'm looking for some good deals on produce .
Can you describe a mango to me ?
Do I eat the seed ?
What's the price of these mangoes ?
Tell me what they taste like .
Do I need to buy them ripe , or will they ripen at home ?
Where do mangoes come from ?
Hello , can I speak to Alice , please ?
Thank you .
Could you tell her Tom Green called ?
Well , let's have your firm order .
Your price is rather high . We cannot accept it . Can you bring the price down a little ?
I can't agree with you . We have quotation from other sources too . Their prices are lower than yours .
Are you still coming to my place for dinner tomorrow night ?
Yes , I was just wondering how you and your roommate were planning on coming to my place .
That's what I thought you would do . Listen , I live in a bit of a rough neighborhood . It's just down the street from all the bars . You probably don't want to be walking around after dark .
I wish it wasn't , but there is actually a lot of crime and prostitution around here .
Do me a favor , and take a taxi . It'd make me feel a lot better .
When I first moved in , I walked everywhere . But within a week , I had my purse stolen — just a block away from the police station ! Now , I always take public transportation .
Nothing else has happened to me , but I have seen quite a few fights on the streets after the bars close .
Dad , I've finished my homework .
Do you want to play poker ?
I'll teach you .
Well , Betty . Since you ’ Ve done well during the probation period , we decided to employ you formally . And now we need to sign the formal agreement .
Of course . If you have any questions , just bring them out .
Well , it ’ s like this , during your first year , you will enjoy this salary level , a year later , we ’ ll increase your salary by 20 % .
Yes , maybe the personnel department made some mistakes in making the agreement . Do you have any other questions ?
Yes , welcome to our company . I hope we can cooperate happily .
I ’ d like to open a current account .
Here your are . I wonder how much interest can I earn for my current account .
Why is that ?
May I bring you a salad ?
Rose-petal salad .
Hello , Shogun Restaurant .
Of course , what evening will you be joining us on ?
What time would you like the reservation for ?
For how many people
Fine , I can seat you at 7
See you at 7
Good afternoon . What can I help you with today ?
The maturity date isn't for another 10 weeks . Are you aware of that ?
The regulations state that the interest is paid at the rate of a Current Deposit , so unfortunately you will lose some interest .
May I take your order now ?
How would you like your eggs ?
And your toast , light or dark ?
Now or later ?
Will there be anything else ?
One hard-boiled egg with toast and orange juice to follow .
Would you like to order now ?
Sure . I think pepper steak is quite good . Many guests like it very much .
What else should we do now after the floors are done and after the furniture is in ?
I'm the painter . You can be in charge of going to curtain shops to choose curtains . That will probably be pretty expensive too . Having good curtains made isn't cheap .
Absolutely not . The windows must be measured , and then the curtains need to be made professionally . So that will take a while . Maybe a month or so .
We need to find an interior decorating company to redecorate the kitchen . I believe in Portland there are shops that specialize in kitchen renovation . I will look in the Yellow Pages . I'd like a kitchen mostly in ivory and light green .
Me ? Cook our dinners ? Hah ! You will be cooking , dear . You will cook .
Well , I suppose we'll have to hire a cook then . So you won't be able to afford any clothes next year .
Maybe I'll cook once or twice a week . How is that ?
We'd better cover the porcelain ware against All Risks .
I'd like to have the insurance of the goods covered up to 130 % of the invoice amount .
I'm afraid I forgot to lock the door .
Sorry , Mum , I'll lock it right away .
Can I help you ?
What about the red one ? It's the best seller .
Excuse me . I would like to book a table at 13:00 .
Three seats , please .
Speed Airlines Reservation . May I help you ?
Yes . Flight DP336 leaves at 15:16 . Is that all right ?
No , Sir.It has an hour layover in London .
I feel like to wear my hair in this way .
Do you think it's suitable for me ?
Even though I really like it , it's just too modern for me .
Okay then . And I also want to have my hair colored .
Claret-red .
How long will it take ? I hope it won't be too long .
Could you drive me to the bank ?
Go down this road and then turn left .
Can you believe that Obama is our new President ?
Did you vote for him ?
I voted for him .
Is that right ?
I hope so , because America needs a change .
I agree with you completely .
You know , you really ought to get a new pair of jeans . Those are falling to pieces .
I think it might be a good idea to work as a guide .
Three Gorges of the Yangtze River .
Good morning , Textile Import & Export Company .
That's all right . Maybe we can make another arrangement .
I'm afraid there's a bit of a problem . In fact , he's booked up the whole week except tomorrow afternoon .
I'm terribly sorry , Mr Miller , but Mr . Zhang is really busy this week .
Please let me check . Tomorrow afternoon - Yes , he'll be free from 2:00 tomorrow afternoon . Do you think it's convenient for you ?
Good afternoon , madam . Can I help you ?
Do you have reservations with us ?
Amy , could you help me with this work ?
What'll it be today , sir ?
Shall we check your oil and tires ?
( The attendants fill the tank , clean the windscreen , and add some air to the tires . ) All right , sir , that'll be $ 26.50 .
Northwest Airline .
May I have your flight No . , PLS ?
Yes , that's our regular flight to Shanghai . What's your name , PLS ?
One minute . Oh , yes , here we are . You are flying economy class , aren ’ t you ?
Okay , you are all set , Mr . Armstrong . Enjoy your flight !
Excuse me , I want to go to Galion by ship . Is there a ship to Dalian ?
What time does it leave ?
Could you please tell me about the cabins ?
Then where can I catch it ?
I think I need some iced water , too . Is there an extra charge for that ?
That's fine . Could you give me some more napkins , too ?
Yes . I would also like some sweet-and-sour sauce and pepper .
Do I owe you for the sauce , pepper and napkins ?
May I help you , sir ?
All right . What is your type of skin ?
You can use this . It has special effect for keeping your face moisturized . It has this lotion , as a gift attached .
How about this one ? It is well-known for the effect of removing scurf .
Yes , it is a new brand .
Anything else ?
Can I take your order ?
What kind of drink do you want with those meals ?
You can super-size your meals for only three dollars extra .
How about anything for dessert , like an apple pie or ice cream ?
Do you have any work experience in this field ?
What have you learned from the jobs you have had ?
Does your current employer know you are looking for another job ?
What is your impression of your present company ?
What would your current colleague say about you ?
Good afternoon.madam.How can I help you ?
I am sorry to hear that.Would you mind coming with me to my office and tell me what exactly happened there ?
Open you suitcase , please .
Do you have anything to declare ?
Any cigarette , liquor ?
What's this white powder ? Are they drugs ?
May I open one of these ? Let me taste it .
May I be of any help ?
What style ?
My parents are always saying I am not good enough .
They say my hair is too long , my room is too dirty and I am not good enough at school .
How much do I have to pay ?
Here you are . Can you put the bread in a separate bag ?
How come it is slow as a snail today ?
Yes , I wanted to look for some information on the company page just now . It took me almost one minute to open it . Then there is no response to any click .
Look , Jim . That man just fell down over there .
Sir ... sir ? Are you all right ? Sir ?
Oh , no . He ’ s not breathing , and there ’ s no pulse . Call 911 .
Welcome to China , Mr . Martin .
I am very glad that you say so . We have prepared a typical Chinese dinner this evening .
I would like to make an appointment for a project meeting .
I would like to meet on Monday .
I want to come in the morning .
Yes , I can bring the outline when I come to the meeting .
I think that we should have just the sub-committee .
No , I need directions , please .
Hi , John . What brings you to town ?
What do you think of the traffic today ?
Yeah . You can say that again . It ’ s noisy too .
Excuse me , miss . Can I have my dinner please ? I am so hungry .
What's the most popular paper circulating in the community ?
Oh , thank you . I want one .
Do you sell washing machines ?
Is that a Danish machine ? The name looks Danish .
How do I use the powder ?
How do I use the eye-drop and ointment ?
Well , I see . Thanks .
Housekeeping , may I come in ?
Good coming , sir . May I do your room now ?
Your room will be ready in half an hour .
You look upset , is there anything wrong ?
What is it ?
Oh , that's too bad ! I am sorry to hear that !
What's the matter with my wife ?
I guess so . It was very terrible when she was at the onset of the illness . I am worried that I would lose her .
I know . But is she out of danger now ?
Thank you very much , Doctor .
How large is the plant ?
It ’ s much larger than I expected . When was the plant set up ?
Congratulations !
How many employees do you have in this plant ?
Does the plant work with everything from the raw material to the finished product ?
I ’ m sorry , dad . But you can ’ t do that . It ’ s for me to decide .
I didn ’ t say I ’ d already decided , dad . I said it was for me to decide . There is a difference .
Can you tell me the results of my home inspection ?
I never had a home inspection before .
I asked the owners , and they said that everything was great with the house .
I heard that the owners must fix all of the problems before the escrow closes .
What kinds of things did you discover in my home inspection ?
Hi , Mark ! Hi , do you have a minute ?
Sure , no problem . Can we fix a time to talk later ?
Ok , see you 10 o'clock next Monday !
I can't find proper parking space .
No , there's no parking sign .
Jack , you should have known in general the situation of our company now .
Do you have any other questions ?
OK , we will pay insurances for employees after the probationary period .
Include endowment insurance , medical insurance , unemployment insurance , work-related injury insurance and maternity insurance .
Employees will also have housing payment reserve funds .
Do you have other questions ?
The permanent staff can have a paid month-long vacation every year . Besides , they also get chances of free traveling .
Hey , daughter . Let me ask you something .
Do you have life insurance ?
You have children now . What if something , god forbid , happens to you ?
Do you have any special skills ?
What qualifications have you got ?
Do you get special training in office skills ?
Please tell me about work you have done , which qualifies you for this job .
Can I help you ?
To buy or to rent ?
How much do you want to pay ?
Well , I've got one here . It's 260 a month .
It's got a kitchen , a bathroom , and one bedroom .
Yes , I think so . There is also an interesting one.It ' s opposite the park .
It's 325 a month . It's the biggest we've got in this area .
Well , There're two bedrooms , a sitting room , a kitchen and a bathroom .
I may go grocery shopping later .
I don't think we have any food .
What food are we out of ?
Could you look for me ?
What would that be ?
Would you please make a list for me ?
In case you didn't know , I'm checking out in half an hour .
That's good to hear . Now there's still a whole New York day ahead of me .
I still have time to explore more of New York , but I need a place to secure my baggage .
A deposit , huh ? I would think my baggage would be enough of a deposit .
That deposit bothers me . Give me a minute .
What can I do for you ?
I see . The Fund Trading System of our Net Banking deals with both trading and information . If you use this system , you can subscribe for and apply to buy other funds . You can also get lots of other useful information .
Good morning , is this Ryan ?
Ryan , this is Malia , and I need to call in sick today .
I went hiking and have terrible poison oak .
I think I got it on Saturday , but it just showed up today .
The doctor prescribed an ointment and gave me a shot .
Good morning , I am Monica . Are you Mr . White , the manager of finance department ? I am the newcomer and also working in the finance department .
Thank you . I am very happy to have my own office now . I ’ Ve never had one before . It is very nice .
Really ? What could that be ?
He's going too slow .
Do you need help with something ?
Do you see anything that you like ?
That is a wonderful choice .
It's very inexpensive , and it has all the appliances .
The fridge and freezer is very spacious , and it also has an ice maker and water dispenser .
Take a look inside .
Excuse me , do you have a vacancy ?
Well , I would like to book a single room .
Are you going somewhere ?
Where do you work ?
You didn ’ t tell me you were working there this year .
How ’ d you get that job ?
That ’ s interesting .
How much do they pay ?
I was anxious to find out what the sellers had to say about my counter-offer .
Did they go with the proposed counter-offer ?
Is a home inspection very expensive ?
Do I get to choose who inspects the home ?
Can you call the owners with my acceptance right away ?
Julia and Anne have both taken dance lessons.They want to be famous dancer , I think .
How much does this cost ?
Excuse me , madam . May I see your ticket , please ?
Where are you going ?
Where did you begin your journey ?
OK . Here you are .
We'll get there around 7:45 in the morning .
Mr . Smith , welcome to our factory .
Do you have some good ideas of losing weight ?
Any more ?
Got it .
What can I do for you , Miss ?
Well , here is a perfume kind for women .
How about this Isawell's flowery perfume ?
Do you have green tea perfume ?
May I have a look at this ?
I like this fragrance .
150 yuan .
Excuse me . My name is Richard Davis of Magic Office Supplies . I'm here to see Mr.Chen .
Thank you for calling ABC Company , may I help you ?
Sorry , we have two Smiths , Robert Smith and James Smith , which one would you like to speak to ?
Excuse me . May I see that laptop for a moment ?
No , the one on the left . Yes , that ′ s the one . ... Thank you .
That ′ s impressive ! What ′ s the sale price ?
I bought it . I got a watch , too . The company that sells this car has a car club .
Yeah , and meet other drivers of the same car !
I know girls love this kind of car . Look , it's got a sunroof ! Imagine ... a cool , starry night ...
Peter , I hope you will accept my quotation for the air freshener .
I have cut the price the minimum . You know our freshener is a patent product , different from other kinds of fresheners . We could not have quitted it at such a low price if it were not for your past large orders . This price , actually , leaves us with a very small profit .
The low price I'm offering you is as low as I can go .
I'm sorry , Peter . I hope you'll continue to approach us on other occasions if you cannot accept our offer now .
What did you say ?
Well , I feel a little tired .
Then can you wait a few minutes ? I want to finish writing this letter .
It won't be long . No more than ten minutes . Why don't you go ahead and I'll meet you in the park ?
What ? Your diamond ring is lost ?
It must have been stolen by the few thieves . I ’ ll get it back for you .
Hello , may I speak to Mr.Baker , please ?
This is Jones . Can I leave a message ?
Please tell him to call Mr.Baker at the Grand Restaurant . It's urgent .
Thank you .
Is this the first time you've come to our city , Mr . Ross ?
I am so honored to hear that . Well , after staying here for several days , you must have some ideas about our company . We have been in the clothes field for many years , and yours brand is also well-known in the country . How about our cooperation ?
Good morning . I ’ m thinking about buying some new furniture for my living room . Could you help me ?
I came to your store yesterday and have come back today to make a final decision . I think I like the black leather suite . It's on sale , isn't it .
I ’ ll take it . I also need to improve the lighting in my living room . Do you have any suggestions ?
It ’ s quite large . It ’ s about 40 square meters .
Steven , it's ten o'clock . I'm going to bed . I'm beat .
Oh , can't you do it tomorrow ? It's already past 10 .
Okay . Please close the door to the basement before you go to bed . I don't want the dog down there tonight .
A friend told me I might find a room here .
What do you charge ?
OK . Would it be all right to look at the room first ?
What ’ s up ? You look so blue .
How do you like Chinese food ?
What other kind of food do you like ?
Well , we've settled the problems of price , quality and quantity . What mode of payment do you wish to employ ?
Could you adopt D / A or D / P ? You see I have to pay a deposit when I open a letter of credit . That will tie up my funds and add to the cost of my imports , especially for such a huge order .
Anyhow , there would be certain bank charges . We've done business for years and you should have some faith in our credit . It would help me greatly , if you could accept D / A or D / P . It makes no difference to you , but it does to me .
Hi , I ’ m Mary Smith .
Nice to meet you Mr . Taylor .
O . K . , John . Well , can I have a look at the place ?
Oh , it hasn ’ t been painted yet .
Well . It ’ s certainly nice . You ’ Ve done a great job .
The rent is $ 600 a month ?
Well , I think I ’ ll take it . Can I write you a check for the security deposit now ? $ 1200 ?
That would be fine .
Excuse me .
Um , this steak , I asked for to be medium rare .
Well , I ’ m afraid it isn ’ t . It ’ s a bit too well done and rather tough . Would you mind changing ?
What's this city famous for ?
Where can we have the famous tea ?
Good morning , I am Monica . Are you Mr . White , the manager of finance department ? I am the newcomer and also working in the finance department .
Thank you . I am very happy to have my own office now . I ’ Ve never had one before . It is very nice .
Really ? What could that be ?
What kind of document is an invoice ?
How many kinds of foreign invoices are there ?
What does the price in different kinds of invoices include ?
Good evening , sir . What can I do for you ?
Well , we have baby-sitting service . We will take good care of your baby .
I'd like to buy one of these refrigerators . Do I have to pay in cash ?
Fine . Will you work out the details , please ?
Thank you .
What kind of references do you need ?
I'm sure he could , but I prefer not to bother him . Would my bank do ?
With tomorrow being Labor Day and all , I think it would be a nice gesture to let all the members of laboring staff leave work an hour early . What do you say ?
Well , we all get Labour Day off as a holiday , the real purpose of the holiday is to remember all the people who do manual or other hard labor . It's to celebrate those who work doing what other people might not be willing to do . I think we ought to do something in honor of the common worker .
Hi , Paulo . How are things going ?
That's good news . What stage are you at now ?
Good afternoon , Pan Am . May I help you ?
Please wait a moment . Let me check for you.The flight is FW 711 and it arrives at 10:00 am .
14 hours .
Are you being served , madam ?
Sit here please.How would you like your hair done ?
Do you want a cold-wave or perm ?
Hello , and welcome to IBA . Which service do you require ?
That's no problem ; I can take care of that for you .
If it's this kind of consultancy service , I'll have to direct you to another department , I'm afraid .
There are many services you can choose from . Why don't you take a look at this leaflet while I find someone who can help you ?
This'd better be good . I'm about to fire you all and find another company .
Mmm , smells good . Sure better than my instant . But please don't tell me this is another coffee-themed pitch . I thought I told you ...
Peter , listen to the lyrics of this song .
It's from the musical that is so popular in New York right now . Do you like it ?
That's why it is so popular . It was recorded by Barbara Tutin . I've heard that when she sang this song on stage the opening night , she created quite a sensation .
Well , then , you need an introduction . The school drama club is putting on a musical production . How about going together ?
Is there anything I can do for you ?
Yes , sir . Is there anything wrong ?
No problem , sir . We will arrange you a table for 5 .
Good morning , sir . What can I do for you ?
I'm awfully sorry , sir . I do apologize . A ten-year-old boy and a mother live upstairs . Maybe the boy is a little bit naughty .
Good afternoon.can I be of any assistance to you ?
Here are the suits . Which one would you like ?
Mary , I will have an interview tomorrow . I am so excited !
I only typed several copies of my resume .
What are they ?
I see
Yes , I have those .
I will get it soon .
Ok , I will remember .
Hello , thanks for calling 123 Tech Help , I ’ m Todd . How can I help you ?
It ’ s okay sir , calm down . What happened ?
Ok , sir , it sounds like you might have a virus .
No , your computer might have a virus , I mean , it has a bad program on it . Maybe that ’ s why it crashed . I recommend that you run an antivirus program in order to safely remove any unwanted spyware or Trojans .
Recently I have been getting headache and my eyes come to see focus properly .
Two years ago . At that time I had no problems . Now I can ’ t even make out something ten meters away .
All right .
Well , this one is worse .
I wonder if we can change to Channel 5 .
I want to know what's on that channel .
There is a football match .
OK . Could you turn it down ?
I'm going to listen to the radio .
I am really interested in buying this television .
How much are you selling it for ?
You can't be serious .
That's too expensive for me .
You can't go down on the price ?
I'll buy it for $ 2000 .
What are you doing ?
Come on ! Stop being so vain . You look great ! You are beautiful !
I don ’ t see any wrinkles or sagging skin ! You are 25 , stop being ridiculous . Besides , I think that people who get Boto , have facelifts , or tummy tucks look weird . It doesn ’ t look natural .
I think you need to get brain surgery . I honestly don ’ t think you need cosmetic surgery . You look amazing .
You don ’ t need plastic surgery to do that . You are fine the way you are and you have guys drooling all over you ! Plus , plastic surgery hurts !
morning . Phyllis Seymour speaking .
Thank you very much , Mr . Parker . But , that is my job .
What time's your flight ?
I'll try one of these on . ( The customer tries one of the shoes on . ) It's too big . It slides up and down my heel when I walk around .
Not really . It pinches my toes .
I don't know ... well , I guess I'll take them , since you don't seem to have anything better .
I really need to go shopping .
I need to look for a new bedroom set .
I have absolutely no idea .
No , I'm not sure where they sell nice bedroom sets .
Yes , because I love yours .
Is IKEA affordable ?
Hello , could I make a reservation ?
6 o'dock in the evening .
Do you offer mutton hot pot at noon ?
So how's everything going for Christmas ?
What's that ? Don't tell me you've still got Christmas cards to write , it usually takes my wife a month to write all of ours .
He still doesn't know that Santa isn't real ? How old is he , eight ?
You think it's better that he should be told ?
That happened to my oldest girl . She became really upset when her classmates told her Santa wasn't real .
Hello , this is 5735647 5 .
This is Linda .
Really ? What time and which restaurant ?
Ok , I'll wait for you at 7pm at home . Anything else ?
Thank you . Bye .
What ’ s the matter , dear ?
Oh , dear . Did you lose a lot of money ?
You must tell the embassy about it . And I think they ’ ll issue you with a new one .
Hello , May I help you ?
Oh , how nice ! there are bright rooms and the house is very quiet .
Well , each room is 40 dollars a week .
When do you want to move in ?
Fine , I'll be expecting you .
Are you still hungry , Ryan ? How about some more squid balls ?
Wow ! You really like fruit , huh ? You've already had 3 plates !
Mon and I got in another fight , Boris .
it was over food . I simply wanted some fried chicken but she said no .
oh , she keeps saying that . She never allows me to have them .
But , Boris , i am not a baby any more .
how about your mother ?
poor you . It seems we are in the same boat .
really ? so you don't have fried food at all .
how do you manage it ?
I think this spring is a good time for us to start looking .
I know , dear . I am too . But we've just been too busy to look for a house .
Not necessary . If we use a realtor to find a house , it will be more expensive .
Realtors always get a commission . If the realtor helps us find something , we have to pay him .
Yes , that's often true . But you have to pay them .
Of course we need a house inspector . But we can hire an inspector on our own . As for the legal problems , I have friends . They can help us .
It takes a little more time . We have to check the ads in the paper . Probably also there are special real estate magazines with ads . Then we have to drive to the homes and look at them .
Sometimes they do , sometimes they don't . It's best to find someone who is selling by themselves .
That is because if the seller has a realtor , their price will be higher . He will have to pay a commission to the realtor .
It is . But buying a house is very important . So it takes time . That's why we haven't done it yet . It's very troublesome .
So , got any more ideas for the website ?
But we registered at Macy's . People can just buy gifts there .
You're right . They can discuss what to get and avoid buying the same things .
Any other ideas ?
And we were going to make a collage for each of us using our baby pictures ...
I have a taste for something sweet .
I want some kind of dessert .
I was thinking about ordering some kind of pie .
I honestly don't know .
What's your favorite kind ?
That sounds really good to me right now .
Hi , Cole . What can I do for you ?
sure , have a seat .
let me just grab your file . How long have you worked for us now ?
one year already ? It's amazing how time flies like that . Are you enjoying your job ?
I see . What job did you have in mind .
do you understand what duties that job would entail ?
that's right . Do you have any experience in management ?
well , I think you'd be the perfect candidate for the position . According to company policy , you'll still have to go through the formal application procedures though , so fill this application form in
Thanks for coming in today , did you have any trouble finding us ? Please take a seat .
So , let ’ s get started . tell me a bit about your educational background .
Interesting . And , your postgraduate studies ?
Very good . Now , tell me a little bit about your work experience . I see here that you previously worked at Oracle .
Interesting ...
We still have an important attraction .
Melbourne Zoo .
The place is a must-see . This zoo was built in 1862 , and it's the oldest zoo in the world , and still among the best . There are more than 3,000 species of animals here , including the popular kangaroos , wallabies , koalas , and wombats .
Most animals are not locked up in tiny cages . Rather , they are set in almost natural surroundings or well-tended gardens .
Are you interested in mountaineering ?
I'm the same with you , an amateur mountain climber . 1 went climbing in the Rocky Mountains with my friends last summer vacation . We spent two days in the mountains .
We pitched a tent in the night , waiting for the sunrise . Wow ! It was too beautiful .
Tasha Mountain ? It's very famous in China , isn't it ?
I want to climb Tasha Mountain this summer vacation . Would you be my guide ?
Bob ! Your eyes look bloodshot . Did you not sleep well ?
You have it right . Alcohol is a medium for communicating emotion in China . Drinking with business partners or would-be friends is a way of solidifying friendship , especially in Northern China .
You lose face by refusing to drink , and the host might think you refuse to give him face . The right thing to do seems to be drinking yourself into incoherence until you throw up . This will endear you to your friends .
Then he must be opening his heart to the friends . In a word , as long as you demonstrate a readiness to drink more in spite of already suffering extreme discomfort , no one will jeer at you .
May I help you , sir ?
When do you want to go ?
There ’ s a train at 7 a . m . It'll get you there at 11 a . m . But there are many stops along the way .
Next please .
Where do you work ?
Are you a doctor ?
Could you show me some scarves ?
Show me some of the latest fashion , please .
Yes , it will ; this must be the foreign produce .
Let me try it on . I think it really suits me . Can you give me some discount on it ?
But that still sounds expensive .
I want to change rooms . In fact , I want a refund for tonight !
Cockroaches have taken over my room !
Thank you . I want to continue to be able to recommend this hotel to others .
What sights are included on the tour ? Is the entire time spent in Paris ?
Can you fax a copy of the tour itinerary to me ?
It's 212-331-7600 .
Are there other chores for us to do ?
You used to do this by yourself ?
I'll do the second floor and you do the first floor .
What about you ?
Why is there no water coming out when you turn on the faucet ?
Well , it's just drip drip drip . But that's not water .
Did you call the apartment management yet ?
How long ago did you do that ?
Hello , Sir . What can we do for you today ?
L / C stands for ' letter of credit ' . This is necessary for trade between two countries . A Letter of Credit is quite literally that — a letter addressed by the buyer's bank to the seller's bank stating that they could vouch for their good customer , the buyer , and that they would pay the seller in case of the buyer's default . Nowadays , it's sometimes used for domestic trade too .
Excuse me . Could you tell me how to get to the library ?
On Memorial Avenue ?
I'm afraid I don't . I'm quite new in town .
No , I don't . But I do know where the shopping mall is .
Did you take the job ?
Why not ?
May I help you ?
I can assist you .
I actually work here .
Do you have ID ?
Here ’ s your ballot card .
Just take it to a booth and begin voting .
Something's wrong with my air conditioning .
Sir , your hair is done . Anything else I can do for you ?
All right , sir . Would you lie back so that I can shave you ?
Don't worry , sir . I've never cut a customer . Shall I trim your moustache ?
Now , I've finished . How do you like it ?
20 dollars .
I would like to order a suit made to my own measure .
Maybe I should try to lose weight .
How much do you expect to earn ?
If you are hired , you are in charge of the design of toys that can meet the needs of the American market .
Open your suitcase please .
Do you have anything do declare ?
Any cigarettes ? Baker ?
What is the white powder ? Are they drugs ?
May I open one of those ? Let me taste it .
What would you like for dessert ?
I have apple pie , ice cream , chocolate cake and fruit cocktail .
Of course . I made the apple pie this morning , so it ’ s lovely and fresh .
Sure.Can you get it yourself , it ’ s in the refrigerator .
Yes , I ’ ll have an ice tea.You see it next to the lemonade .
The central Hotel , please . I have to be there by 6:00 .
Yes . I've never been here before .
No , I'm open to suggestions .
That's a good idea .
Yes , ma'ma . May I help you with your bags ?
Flight 36 to Washington.It ' ll be on the plane for you .
What is your salary now ?
What's your expected salary ?
I can offer you 5 , 000 yuan per month . Raises are given after three months ' probation period according to your performance . Is this satisfactory ?
Any question about the work ?
The general manager of your section .
We'll offer that on holidays .
Yes , we have inspection abroad .
Wow ! What a beautiful scenic spot . It's so open . And just breathe that fresh air , you can almost taste its freshness .
Wonderful ! I'll often come here for mountain climbing .
No wonder people say , Even the immortals would rather be Guiliners .
I didn't know you liked bird watching .
How about this floor lamp ?
We still need to find an armoire and a dresser .
Great ! Pick me up in about an hour because I think I ’ ll also get a bean bag and a dining set .
I would like to have a custom-made skirt .
OK . I want it a bit close around the waist .
How long will it take ?
What ’ s the charge for the tailoring ?
Hello ! You have reached the offices of Maddox and McKnight , can I help you ?
Oh , I'm sorry . Mr . Nelson is away at the moment . I'm sorry that you keep missing him while he is out of the office . Would you like to leave a message ?
Certainly . Mr . Nelson can not take your call at the moment because he is away . He stepped out of the office for the whole afternoon and is not expected back until tomorrow morning . His schedule is very unpredictable at times , so the best way to reach him is to first make an appointment by email or text messaging .
Of course , can you leave your name and number ? I'm sure Mr . Nelson will return your call as soon as he is able .
Can you tell me what it's about ? I can make a note of it , so Mr . Nelson is aware and prepared when he returns your call .
I have a terrible toothache .
( Pointing ) This one here .
Can you fill it ?
Then I might as well have it out now .
I've got a bone to pick with you over your last shipment to Dalian . A part of the goods were damaged in transit .
Please handle future shipments with more care .
Mark , you are not telling me the truth . Now why ?
Yes , all right . So why ? Go on then . Say it . Oh , really , Mark . I promise I'm not going to be angry . Now why were you late ?
You forgot ? You ...
Can I leave early today ?
And can I come in late tomorrow ?
And may I take Friday off ?
One more thing . Would you give me a ten-dollar raise ?
Oath , I think I broke my leg .
Thanks .
All right .
John Taylor , 32 , May 23 , 1970 .
I don ’ t have it .
I don ’ t have health insurance .
Hi Steve , it's nice to meet you . I hear that you're looking for an apartment , and I just rented a two-bedroom downtown . I'm looking for a compatible roommate .
Alright . So tell me , how would you describe yourself ?
Good afternoon . “ ginger ’ s restaurant ” . May I help you ?
Certainly . For how many people ?
I ’ ll just check . At what time on Friday evening ?
Yes . That ’ s fine . We can book you a private room for up to ten people at that time . Could you give me your name please ?
Yes . Do you intend to order a Lacarne or will you be having our seafood buffet ?
Welcome to China , Mr . White .
Welcome to this corporation , Mr . White . Won ’ t you please sit down ?
Our representative in your country faxed a letter that you showed an interest in some of our products on display at the Oct . Exhibition there . Now we'd like to know if you have any specific requirements in mind .
Good . Well , Mr . White , most of the items listed are available this year . I hope we can come to an agreement and sign the contracts soon to enable timely delivery .
Here are our catalog and price list . The catalog lists all the commodities we export , and the price list gives indicative prices for all our export articles .
We normally export CFR .
That can be discussed .
What about tomorrow morning at 9 ? I'll come over to your hotel .
Wow , it has a balcony .
How many windows are there in the apartment ?
It ’ s just what I want . I think I am ready to sign .
Before you send the lease , do you have any questions ?
It includes everything except cable TV , and telephone .
It usually comes out about $ 40 a month .
No , I am afraid the apartment isn ’ t permitted .
Good afternoon , sales department.May I help you ?
I'll see a piece available , who should I say is calling , please ?
Hold the line , please.Mr Wood is in the meeting with managing director at the moment I afraid.Can I help you ?
I don't think the meet will go on much longer , should I ask him to call you when he is free .
Could I have your name again , please ?
And the number ?
Ok , you will be hearing from Mr Wood later in the afternoon then , Mr John .
What are you doing tomorrow ?
What time will you be home ?
We are going to need confirmation on these orders today , and delivery must be made before next Tuesday . Do you think you can handle that ?
No , I must know today because we have to go to press for the advertisements . Is there anyway you can speed up the process of checking inventory ?
Are you kidding ?
I ’ m going to the beauty parlor . Do you want to come too ?
I want to have a foot massage and a haircut .
Good idea . We should also get pedicures and manicures .
I think it ’ s a good idea to pamper yourself occasionally . Don ’ t you agree ?
Maybe we should try a thai massage too .
That ’ s when the masseuse walks on your back and massages you with her feet .
What are in this folder ?
Are they filed alphabetically ?
Can you find last month ’ s report for me , please ?
Miss Green , do you have life insurance right now ?
This year our company is offering a new plan especially for single people like you . I think you might be interested .
Mrs . Miller , you are an old friend of ours . In order to encourage future business and as a gesture of friendship , we are prepared to cut our price by 5 % . Will that satisfy you ?
Now I repeat , 5,000 transistor sets , specifications as shown in our catalogue at $ 20 each C . I . F . Los Angeles .
As to packaging , we'll pack them two dozens to one carton , gross weight about 25 kilos a carton .
Yes , corrugated cardboard boxes .
Why use wooden cases ?
Cartons are comparatively light , and there fore easy to handle . They'll not be stowed away with the heavy cargo . Besides , we'll reinforce the cartons with metal straps .
You needn't worry about that . Cartons are extensively used in our shipments to foreign countries and there have never been complaints from our clients . Now , as regards payment , we have agreed to use dollars , am I right ?
Please open the letter of credit 15 to 30 days before the date of delivery so that we'll have enough time to make all the necessary arrangements . Another thing , the L / C should be valid until the 15th day after shipment .
Right . We'll ship the goods according to the agreed time schedule . Last , but not least , the inspection is to be carried out by Houston Commodities Inspection Bureau , which is final and binding on both parties .
Thank you . You can rest assured that we'll do everything possible to prevent de festive commodities from going abroad . However , if there should be any disputes , we wish to have them settled through friendly discussions .
Well , it seems we have covered everything . We'll have the contract ready in a couple of days .
Let me see . If we can't get the contract ready by then , we'll send it to you by airmail for your signature .
Excuse me , Is there a hotel nearby ?
how can I get there ?
Amanda , how do you like this peaked cap ?
But I think this one fits me Well . Why don't you try on the sombrero in black ?
Excuse me . Is this seat taken ?
Am I on right bus to Chicago ?
Oh , my God !
Hi , I want to see the Terra Cotta Warriors in Xi'an . Could you please remind me when we are arriving at that stop ?
Oh , no ! What should I do now ?
Ok . How many stops do I have to go ?
That is a long way to go . It is so kind of you to help me . Thank you very much .
Do you like the apartment so far ?
What ’ s the problem ?
That ’ s no big deal .
What do you want me to do about it ?
I won ’ t be able to do that right now .
Fine , I ’ ll have it fixed for you .
Excuse me , waiter , would you please give us a menu ?
Well , do you have a menu in Chinese ?
How do I look ? I love these braids . They're fun !
An Ethiopian restaurant ? Whoa ! I always think of starving people in Ethiopia .
That's so ironic ! Well , what's it like ? Is it your traditional food ?
I heard you were promoted to general manager of IBM ’ s China Head quarters .
You did a good job for the company . So , this is your first day in the new position . How do you feel ?
I believe you are cut out for this position .
I've run out of steam . To be honest , I want to be in a different environment .
Yes . I don't want to be stuck in a rut . I want to move on .
Yes , I want to get a better job .
I'm quitting because of the lousy salary and all the difficulties I have in getting along with my colleagues .
I'm afraid not . I've promised my girlfriend . We're going to travel south to find jobs that offer higher pay .
Hello , there . How can I help ?
Certainly , Visible Treasury Certificates . Then you can get a receipt from the savings office as proof of payment . Hence the ' visible ' , you can see it .
The minimum is 100 RIB , and the maximum is 500,000 RIB .
Could I change these pounds for dollars , please ?
It doesn't matter .
How are you ?
What can I help you with ?
How much are you withdrawing today ?
What account would you like to take this money from ?
Here ’ s your $ 300 .
Will you be needing anything else ?
Do you mind taking a photo for me ?
That's really kind of you .
Well , it's an automatic camera . You just press the button .
It's time to go to bed .
I don't care , it's school in the morning .
Mum , pass me some more please !
But the ads say they're most nutritious .
Can I help you ?
Well , you heard right.You can get an excellent deal on a new computer here.We have great discounts for students .
Well , first let's consider your computer.Here , for example , is a system I highly recommend--the Power Macintosh G3.It comes with 64 megabytes of total memory .
Yes , it is . It should be enough for any student needs you might have.What department are you in ?
Well , so you will mostly be using word processing , for writing papers . I recommend the Corel Word Perfect program for word processing.We can talk about software later . Let's talk about your
Yes .
Yes . It's an excellent system .
Yes , it's a Macintosh . It's Apple . Macintosh and Apple are the same thing .
I'm sorry , but our university computer center only sells Macintosh equipment .
Yes .
That's not true.Most of the students and professors in the university here use Macintosh.They find it is better for writing and word-processing , and that is what students mostly do . Ma
Well , I know that in most Asian countries Apple is not very popular.But here in America , especially in universities and publishing companies , Apple is very commonly used .
There are several Chinese writing programs you can use with Macintosh.Chinese is no problem for Apple .
No , don't be sorry . It's reasonable to ask your friends.But believe me , most of the students here in the university--Asian students included--most of them use Apple .
Good morning , Sir . Can I help you with something ?
I see . Yes , the advertisement has proven very effective . Would you like to apply for a card with us ?
That's right . But don't worry ; it's a very simple procedure .
Of course , it can be done right this minute . If you could just fill in this application form for me ? Do you have your ID card with you ? I'll need to see that .
Yes , please . That's being processed now . As soon as the account is set up , we can issue you with a card .
Welcome to Credit Services . How can I help you ?
Right . Well , the benefits are a little different . With our Corporate Card you can use it for agency collection and payment .
There's quite a long list , actually ! You can use if for business trip expenses , medical expenses , any internal payments .
If you put it on your card , you can get an overall statement that lists all of the transactions .
Can I help you ?
Let me see ... the train to New York City ... here it is ... daily except Sunday at 10 thirty , 12 twenty and 15 ten .
Sorry , not before 10 thirty .
One way or round trip ?
A soft seat or hard one ?
$ 15 . And for a hard one , only $ 6 .
IBA Bank , Business Banking Department . Ling Ming speaking . How may I help you ?
Hello , Mr Gwent . What can I do for you today ?
Of course . Do you know which bank it was sent through and the amount and currency ?
Can you tell me the price for a bus pass ?
Is there a cheaper bus pass ?
For how much ?
It's absolutely free ?
How much is that ?
Let me get the student bus pass .
Wow , it all looks so good . I ’ m not sure what to choose .
Actually , I ate too much pork yesterday . I fancy a change .
That sounds like a good idea . It looks very big though .
How's it going ?
Never better , thanks .
I've actually been pretty good . You ?
Which school do you attend ?
Are you enjoying it there ?
Good luck with that .
Are you a goal-oriented person ?
How do you plan to do your present job ?
Good morning , everyone . We will get to destination in only one hour .
I hope that you had good journey .
Make sure that your customs forms are with you .
Before disembarkation , please get ready .
By the way , don't forget your luggage on the ship .
You will see the beautiful city .
Welcome , sir , what can I do for you ?
Whose record do you want ?
His records have been sold out . The new copies will be available next week .
I really want to go to the beach this weekend .
I heard that it's going to be warm this weekend .
I believe so .
I know . I really want to go to the beach .
You're right . One minute it's hot , and then the next minute it's cold .
I do too . That way we can have our activities planned ahead of time .
What was that ?
If it's not too much trouble , I would like some help .
Good day ! What can we do for you ?
Buying a new car is a big expense ; we understand that , so we have a variety of loans to suit your needs .
With our Personal Automobile Consumer Loan , the borrower can borrow up to 80 % of the purchase price .
That's great . You will need to make an initial down payment of 20 % , and then we can get going with this .
Hi , I'm here to check in .
Thank you ... Excuse me , sir . You forgot to fill in your visa number .
Room service.May I come in ?
This is your breakfast.Can I put it here ?
That's $ 10 .
Sir , you don't have to pay right now.Just sign here and we will charge it to your account .
In the past half year , we made some schedules and objectives , do you still remember that ?
How do you feel what you have done ? Did you meet our goals ?
Yes . And you also overworked in last month , when Steven asked for leave . I have been very satisfied with your performance . And your dependability has been a great asset .
Let me suggest this one . It's an excellent watch , it looks good , and it's only $ 100 .
Uh , no . Analog watches don't come with stopwatches . You'll have to get a digital if you want a stopwatch .
Right here .
Yes . Make it out to Time After Time .
Housekeeping . May I help you ?
Of course . What room are you in , sir ?
And do you know which room the noise is coming from ?
Thank you . We'll take care of it . Please let us know if there's anything else we can do to make your stay more comfortable .
How do you usually part your hair ?
( The hair stylist cuts the customer's hair . ) Almost done . I just have to even things up a bit . ( She shows the customer the results . ) Will that do ?
Would you like a shave ?
Okay , let me brush you off . Thank you very much for coming .
Good afternoon , San Felice Hotel . May I help you ?
Certainly . When for , madam ?
How long will you be staying ?
What kind of room would you like , madam ?
Certainly , madam . I'll just check what we have available . . . Yes , we have a room on the 4th floor with a really splendid view .
Would you like breakfast ?
It's eighty four euro per night excluding VAT .
Who's the booking for , please , madam ?
Okay , let me make sure I got that
Let me give you your confirmation number . It's 7576385 . I'll repeat that , 7576385 . Thank you for choosing San Felice Hotel and have a nice day . Goodbye .
Hi , I have a doctor ’ s appointment scheduled with Dr . Smith , and I need to change it .
My appointment was on Tuesday .
It was for two o ’ clock in the afternoon .
I would like to switch it to next Friday .
I would like to come in at 10
Excuse me . You can't leave your car here .
I'm afraid you'll have to find a parking meter .
Ladies and gentlemen , welcome to tonight's fashion show .
How very appropriate , because tonight we have a most dazzling show for you !
Some of tonight's highlights are dressed in the latest straight from Shanghai .
So , sit back and relax and get your order forms ready .
Hello , towing service . What ’ s your problem ?
Where are you now ?
All right . I got it . What color is your car ?
And plate number .
Okay . Just stay in your car . We ’ ll be there in five minutes .
Good evening , I have a reservation under the name of Tomlinson .
That ’ s right .
Yes , sure . Also , I ’ d like a non-smoking room please .
Can't you delay your return a little bit ?
Keep in touch then , OK ?
So , Lauren , I just wanted to talk to you quickly about our new customer support representative , Jason Huntley .
Basically , I ’ Ve got a few concerns about him , and the bottom line is , I don ’ t think he ’ s a good fit for our company .
Yeah , his attitude is great , but he ’ s really unreliable.Sometimes he ’ s really productive , but then other times ... take last Tuesday for instance , he was forty-five minutes late for our morning meeting !
But that ’ s not the only thing ... you know , he really doesn ’ t have the best work ethic , I ’ m constantly catching him on MSN and Facebook when he should be talking to clients .
Golden Taxi cabs , how may I help you ?
Sure , where are you ?
Tom , hi , this is Mary with Gold Star Mortgage .
We'd like you to come to work for us .
I see .
Please call us if you change your mind .
May , my grandpa is ill . I will go to look after him . Catch you later !
Your request for compensation makes me surprised . What happened ?
Could you tell me the particulars ?
Yes , I do .
Really ? We began to load the goods after we made sure they were qualified .
Is this the foreign exchange department ?
I need some US Dollars .
RIB . By the way , what is the exchange rate today ?
And I want to change 4000 Yuan .
What case do you have against the police ?
I don ’ t understand .
They let you go , didn ’ t they ?
They detained you at the station ?
Why did they arrest you ?
I get it now .
Right , that ends the third and final part of our presentation . I'd like to end by emphasizing the main points . I'll give you a brief summary . There are three potential areas for development in the future , domestic , overseas market , and the internet . Each of these markets have their own particular need for marketing strategy ... for domestic , we can rely on past research , for overseas markets we depend heavily on our cultural consultants , and for the internet , we need to redo our image to appeal to a young set of consumers . Our main issue here is that we need to be sensitive to the needs of different markets in order to continue to see success . Mark , did you have anything to add ?
Tell me , what do you enjoy doing in your spare time ?
You know how to draw and paint ?
When did you learn how to do that ?
Oh , so you took an art class ?
I see that you're pretty talented .
I wish I had a talent like that .
Hi , again . Can I get you some more fruit ?
OK . I'll go then .
Good morning , madam . What can I do for you ? !
Certainly , madam . What kind of coffee would you like ?
Well , we have espresso , cappuccino , latte , skinny latte and Americano .
Hello , Fife Computers . How can I help ?
Oh , really ? Do you know which company they are from ?
What's the charge for that ?
Hello , ma'am . Can I help you ?
Sure , ma'am . Here you are .
25 yuan .
How may I help you ?
What problem ?
Are you sure you have $ 100 in your checking account ?
I ’ ll check for you .
It looks like you only have $ 57 left in your account .
That ’ s what my computer is showing .
Can I help you , sir ?
Will you please pose for your picture ?
How is your house hunting going ?
How much are you looking to spend ?
Looks like you ’ re not going to get more than a bedroom in a shared flat with that .
Well , if you want to live in London , you have to pay the price !
I can ask around at work . Do you have a preference for makers or non-smokers ?
How long do you want to sign a contract for ?
Do you need a furnished or unfurnished apartment ?
You know that you ’ ll have to pay utilities on top of the rent , right ?
It ’ s not usually included , so you ’ ll have to factor in about 100 pounds more each month for utilities .
Don ’ t worry . Sometimes people will give you a discount if you promise to do the cleaning or take care of the children .
Where is some fresh produce that's on sale ?
I've never had a mango .
Can you eat the stone ?
How much are these mangoes ?
Can you describe their taste ?
How can I tell if they're ripe ?
What country produces them ?
Where are you going ?
OK , here we go .
We shouldn't have any trouble if we don't get stuck in the traffic jam .
Here we are , you still get plenty of time . That's 8.15 $ , please .
Hello and welcome . How may I be of service ?
Yes , of course . What's the amount you'd like to change ?
Please fill out this exchange form and I'll need to see your passport . Don't forget to sign your name at the bottom .
Here is your RIB , the exchange form and receipt and your passport . Please check the amount .
Yes , that can be done here . Just make sure you keep the exchange form and the receipt and you can come back at the end of your stay and we'll be only to happy to change it back into foreign currency .
Excuse me .
Do you have any information about the city sights ?
Thank you . And what ’ s the best way to get downtown ?
You ’ Ve been very helpful .
Alice , it really was great . I think it was the most interesting thing here . You really should go in .
Really . The special effects are fantastic.You shouldn't be scared . You would really enjoy it .
But this is maybe one of the best Haunted Houses in North America ! It's different .
I saw that in the guide.It looks like they have different restaurants and different kinds of architecture.Do you want to go ?
Alright , let's go then . How many tickets do we have left ?
I was only interested in the Haunted House and the roller coaster rides.The other rides are for kids .
I am past my stop . Would you please let me get off ?
Well , that's OK .
Where is Pamela ?
She told me she'd be here .
Are you rushing me ?
I know what I am doing . Don't worry . Can you do me a favor ?
Take care of Pamela when I am away . She is a nice girl . I don't want her to get hurt or anything .
Thank you . Now I see that you are my true friend . Most of my so-called friends left me at the moment my company went bankrupt . You are the only one who has stood by me the whole time .
Thank you for being a friend of mine .
Excuse me , is this the Guyon Travel Agency ?
I want to travel to the ancient town in the south of China . Would you please tell me something about it ?
Wonderful . That's just what I expect , where is my first place if I go there ?
How long does the tour take ?
what's the cost ?
I know . Thank you very much .
Thank you .
Are there pets allowed in this apartment ?
What about a boa constrictor ?
If I had one , could I rent this apartment ?
What about a Gila monster ?
John , could you come to my office ? I need to talk to you .
No.Come here right now .
What's the matter ?
Why ? I work very hard .
Well , some of those other guys are not the same kind I'd like to communicate with , but if that's important to you . I'll try to get along with them .
It's unfair .
OK . I need to think about that for a while .
Excuse me , ma ’ am ?
I ’ m new here and I can ’ t seem to find the lunch room .
good afternoon . “ ginger ’ s restaurant ” . May I help you ?
certainly . For how many people ?
I ’ ll just check . At what time on Friday evening ?
yes . That ’ s fine . We can book you a private room for up to ten people at that time.Could you give me your name please ?
yes . Do you intend to order a la carte or will you be having our seafood buffet ?
New York Airport.May I help you ?
Hold on a moment please ... Sorry , the flight from London has been delayed . It departed two hours later than scheduled.The whether in London was really bad .
So far we could only deduce this way.If you want further information , would you please call us 1 hour later ?
Where are we going to visit today ?
Really ? I have heard there are many famous national park in the US , which one exactly ?
Man , they take a lot of our paycheck .
Seriously . The only tax I don ’ t mind them taking is social security . It ’ s only a few dollars every paycheck .
Yeah . It won ’ t be much , but at least we ’ ll have a monthly check when we get old .
Let ’ s just hope the politicians don ’ t figure out a way to spend it .
My brother gave me a baby cat yesterday . I can keep it as my pet .
Cats are beautiful and lovely , aren ’ t they ?
I don ’ t think so . I think cats are sweet .
Can I help you , sir ?
yes , It ’ s on the third floor
I am sorry to say this , but I seem to have lost the key to the safe .
Yes , I believe so.How should I compensate for this ?
What ! One hundred U . S . dollars.Is it covered by the insurance ?
I'm tired .
Hello , George ! Haven't seen you for some time.Where have you been ?
Very well.Thank you.Did you have a good time there ?
Did you see the letter I got from Bradford Films ? They sent it in response to your phone call last week .
I guess they must not have your contact information , so they sent it addressed in care of your department head . Anyhow , they wrote to confirm in writing what you discussed about the Milton contract .
Sure , here it is ...
Did they ask you to send the files beforehand ?
I don't think so , why do you ask ?
I'm looking for a pan I can use in my kitchen .
I've already got a small pan . I need a big one .
Oh , no , that's way too heavy a pan for me .
Yes , it's very lightweight . But I don't want this aluminum handle .
Oh , this feels very nice . It's perfect . I'll take it .
Cash . But first , I need a lid for this pan .
Is that boy standing there your brother ?
He's really a good player .
I am thinking about resigning from my current job .
Yes , I have been thinking about it for quite a while . Now I finally make up my mind to leave . I have given my resignation letter to our boss last Friday .
Yes , I will move on to XYZ Company .
Who finances the magazine ?
Does it have a large circulation ?
Paul , can I set up a time with you to go over the training manual ?
Tuesday morning is good for me . How about 10:30 in my office ?
Look , all you do is press that button and it ’ s ready to use .
Just make sure you never touch the wire .
May I take your order ?
Oh , I'm so sorry . I thought you had one . Here you are .
Did you see who the suspect was ?
Would you be able to pick him out of a line-up ?
Please take a careful look at these five men .
Is the suspect in this line ?
Which number is he ?
Your cooperation is very much appreciated .
And how would you describe yourself , Miss Tao ? What kind of person are you ?
Did you have any difficulty getting along with fellow students or teachers ?
What's your strong points ?
What do you dislike most about your job ?
What kind of relationship do you think should exist between a supervisor and employee ?
Sometimes working with a foreign company can be stressful . Foreigners tend to get excited or angry easily , and they show it . Are you sure you can handle this stress ? How do you deal with conflict in your present job ?
How do you feel about overtime work ?
What is most important to you in a job ?
Do you think that you are introverted or extroverted ?
Under what kind of circumstance will you lose your temper ?
OK . What are your strong points ?
And your weaknesses ?
Mom , can we get cable TV or a satellite dish ?
The shows are dull and they ’ re too many advertisements .
There ’ re educational stations too . I could learn while I watched TV .
No I wouldn ’ t ... can ’ t we get cable ? Everybody has cable .
Mom ! ! ! Please . All my friends have had it for years .
Why are you always so mean ?
I could help pay for it .
Hi , good to see you . What can we assist you with today ? Going away on business again ?
We do always recommend people take Traveller's Cheques when travelling overseas . The world is a dangerous place nowadays , you never know .
My god , it's such a lovely lake ! The lake has a water surface of 56 square kilometers .
We are now walking on what is in fact an island . Here we get one of the 10 sceneries of the West Lake , Autumn Moon over the Calm Lake .
It's so named because in the pavilion over there the great poet Bai Buyi of the Tang Dynasty would take a rest after drinking a little too much , and watch the moon over the lake .
Now let's board the boat and have a ride on the lake .
Wang , what's that building over there ? It looks like some sort of a huge pavilion .
Can I have this roll of film developed here ?
Here you are .
Regular will be fine . How long will it take ?
Excuse me , sir . I wonder if I could exchange the shoes for a larger one .
Here you are .
Welcome , Mr . Sun .
Today I'll invite you to enjoy the seafood.Please make yourself at home .
I am running Chinese arts and crafts .
I hope to import some silk from Hangzhou to Germany . Can you help me ?
That's OK , Ben , just let it go . I thought you were just a little too much into it .
Honey , have you ever heard that there are a lot of stray cats now .
Now they are collected by some volunteers , and people can adopt them or make a donation for the shelters .
I want to adopt a cat , and it can be Barbie's boyfriend too .
That's all right . At least I got myself left .
I hope that he would grant me with that .
This is frank speaking , may i ask who is calling ?
I'm sorry , he is not here at the moment . He has gone to the International Business Center .
I'm not sure , he didn't say when he wound return . If you'd like.you can leave him a message until he is back to you until the moment it's free .
Does he have your number ?
That was 5264453 6 , right ?
Good coming .
Never mind , come right in . I've almost finished . You always keep the room neat and tidy , I must say . It saves me a lot of work , but you should let me do it .
It's very considerate of you to do so . Do you have any laundry today ?
Hello . Can I talk to David ?
Yes .
Okay . I ’ m his wife . Could you tell him to call me back when he returns ?
Oh , thanks . Please tell him to call my cell-phone number .
Thank you very much .
I can't decide whether to go to university or to get a job .
But I don't even know what to study .
That's what my parents want me to do .
But my friends will have jobs and lots of fun , while I spend all my time doing reading and writing .
Hum , what you say make sense . But you know , I still have to ask my parents for pocket money , and I hate to do so at this age .
David , I am going for an interview tomorrow . It's an American company . Can you give me an idea of what the interviewer will ask ?
But they can see my resume . It's all in there .
Ok . What else ?
I see . What about the salary ?
Ok , thanks , David . You ’ Ve helped me a lot .
Do you enjoy going on dates ?
What's so fun about them ?
So you always have fun on dates ?
Why not ?
So then why would you ask them out in the first place ?
Sounds like a huge waste of time to me .
Hello , I would like to buy some business cards .
Two thousand would be fine .
All I want is the same thing on this card .
OK , I'm finished . Here's your form and my old card .
Do you think you could finish it in three days ?
Excuse me .
I've never used this place before.Can you give me some idea what I need to do ?
Yes , but ... well ...
How do I use the machines ?
I see . Do the machines have soap in them ?
No . I don't have soap .
Thanks.Okay . I have my soap .
I don't know . I want my clothes to be clean .
Oh . I guess I didn't know . I have never washed clothes before .
Yes .
No . Never .
I'm nineteen .
My mother always did it .
I know about this fact.American children are more independent . They do more for themselves.But I am from Taiwan . In Taiwan , children must study very hard.So the mother does everything for the kids.The mother wants her kids to get very good grades at school.So I've never washed clothes before . You shouldn't laugh at me for it .
What ?
I don't know . It's hard . But I have to learn .
Thanks . My name's Nick .
I passed all the tests , Mom .
Here is my ticket and seat assignment .
May I have a pillow and blanket , PLS ?
May I have headphones for the in-flight movie ?
May I come in ?
I'm sorry to trouble you , but I'd like to ask when I will get a raise .
You said the same thing three months ago .
You mean that I won't get a raise until the recession ends ?
I got the message . I'm quiting .
I've been here for 3 years , and I haven't had a raise in all that time.If you like my work , it should be reflected in my pay , and I feel it isn't .
Hello . I'd like to get a seat to New York City on a flight leaving sometime before this Friday .
Well , in that case , that's fine . I want a first class ticket on Thursday .
How are you doing ?
What can I do for you today ?
Unfortunately , you will not be able to view it today .
You ’ ll need to make an appointment to view the apartment .
How does this Friday sound ?
That will be fine .
Hi , is you , John ?
Sorry , John . I suddenly got a severe stomachache last night , and stayed in hospital the whole day .
I know , I left it at home .
I need to purchase some business cards .
I think 2,000 would be fine .
I want the new cards to be exactly like this card .
... Okay , I'm done . Here's the form and my old card .
You know , I think it would be better if I could pick it up in three days .
Jim . I heard you got a promotion !
Congratulations , guy .
Good morning . This is Dr . Mustn ’ s Office . Can I help you ?
Is it urgent ( an emergency ) ?
How about this afternoon at 2:00 ?
Don ’ t forget to bring your health card with you .
We will have a vacation next month . Why not have a tour ?
What about going to Xi'an ?
So what's your plan ?
So we'll compromise . We'll hit the Huangshan in Anti .
Would you like some cake ? I made it myself .
Thanks . Would you like to have one more slice ?
Hi , United Airlines ? This is Elizabeth parks calling . I have a reservation on the 2:30 p . m . flight to Shanghai this afternoon .
Well , I ’ d like to reschedule my flight for the tomorrow morning one at 9:05 . Is that possible ?
Hello , Sir , may I help you ?
Very well , here are the general terms of our loan policies . We pride ourselves in having the lowest interest rate in the country for personal loans .
It depends on how long you take to pay it back . If we lend you ten thousand dollars at an annual interest rate of ten percent for forty eight months , you would have to pay each month a portion of the loan which is called the principal and another small portion of the annual interest rate . This of course is considering that you don ’ t default on a payment !
That is a very serious problem you see , the bank must assess your personal information , past loans , assets and any other relevant information such as your credit score in order to approve your loan .
Excuse me , could you tell me how to get to the school clinic ? I've lost my way .
Straight ahead to the traffic lights , left and then right .
Good morning , sir . Can I help you ?
May I have your name , please ?
Just a moment , sir , while I look through our list . Yes , we do have a reservation for you , Mr . Bradley . Would you please fill out this form while I prepare your key card for you ?
Sure . Here you are .
You can just skip that . I will put in the room number for you later on .
Let me see , name , address , nationality , forwarding address , passport number , place of issue , signature and date of departure . Oh , here sir . You forgot to put that date of your departure . Here let me fill it in for you . Are you leaving in ... ?
Now everything is in order . Mr . Bradley , your room number is 6020 . It is on the sixth floor and the daily rate is 90 dollars per night . Here is your key card with all the information on your booking , the hotel services and the hotel rules and regulations on it . Please make sure that you have it with you all the time . You need to show it when you sign in for your meals and drinks in the restaurants and the bars . You also need to show it when you collect your key from the information desk .
And now if you are ready Mr.Bradley , I will call the bellboy and he will take you to your room .
I hope you enjoy your stay with us .
What exactly is the problem with the latest lot ?
But we can't accept your damage claim .
Would you ring these up for me here ?
Yes , I did , thanks .
What problems will exporters face in moving to the foreign market ?
Like what ?
Reasonable .
You know who won the election , right ?
I couldn ’ t believe it , either .
I hope you voted for him .
I made sure to vote for him .
I know how you feel .
I know that he will .
Would you find any other available flight to Tokyo ?
Thank you .
Yes , of course . I think our travel agent would have made the reservation for us .
Are you sure ? We can't really take it ? I reconfirmed with Miss Peterson the other day .
Mrcrabby , I ’ m pleased to see you .
Oh , yes , I worked there for two years , just graduated from college .
It was a good company to work for , I enjoyed my time with them .
Yes , I like it very much , the work was not very demanding , and the people I work with were friendly .
Do you have any seat preferences , sir ?
Yes . Would you like a window seat ?
I'm really happy that you came to visit me .
I've been missing you like crazy .
Lately , I've been quite busy .
I've really been working a lot lately .
So what have you been up to ?
Whatever the reason may be , I'm glad you visited me .
How ’ s it going ?
Did you need help with something ?
That won ’ t be possible today .
You can only view the apartment with an appointment .
Are you available this Friday ?
Your appointment for Friday at 6 pm has been confirmed .
Hi , Jim ! When did you get back ?
I ’ m really jealous ! I won ’ t be able to get any time off for at least another three or four months .
hi , Betty.what ' s up ?
everything has been fine for the past several months .
well , I wish someone could talk to me about Western table manners
as you know , table manners in China are quite different from those of Westerners .
for example , in China , it's okay to talk while eating . However , you may regard it as rude .
can you think of anything else ?
I didn't know that before .
i got it . i'll bear it in mind .
You just ran a red light .
If you are staying here for a few days , we ’ d be delighted to see you at our factory .
Let us know when you are free . We ’ ll arrange the tour for you .
I'd like to order room service to room 927 , please .
I'd like to two roast beef sandwiches and one fruit salad , please .
No , could I also get some extra towels and soap too ? We went to the pool today and used up our two clean towels .
Just put it on with the rest of my hotel bill .
So the apartment comes unfurnished ?
We have tons of furniture . What we need are air conditioners .
Just like in the States ! That's perfect !
How was school today ?
Really , that's good .
S :: Welcome to Flash Foto.What can I do for you , ma ’ am ?
S :: What size prints would you like ?
Do I need a visa ?
Yes , I know . I must get my traveler's check and some foreign currency .
Really ? That's very good of you , Helen . But I must get a new suitcase , my old one needs repairing .
That's very kind of you , Helen . I hope you don't mind my leaving you like this . I need a holiday . It won ’ t be long .
What places does the tour include ?
So many places I have been looking forward to . We will take part in the group .
Can I trouble you for some change ?
I need some cigarettes .
Welcome to the company . We are conducting a survey of new employees to find out what influenced them to choose our company .
Yes , flextime has definitely been a good change for us . How do you feel about the pay ?
But there is a big bonus for employees at the end of the probation period .
One thing you can be sure of your manager will be quite fair . If your job performance is up to par , you shouldn't be afraid of a performance review ,
Excuse me . Can I deposit valuables here ?
OK .
Till next Monday when we check out .
Do you have your own circle of friends ?
What you said was right , but we need to work as a team , how could you make adjustment to that ?
Excuse me , can you tell me which is Bob Rice's office ?
Yes . He told me to come by this morning .
An appointment ?
He said I should come by this morning . He didn't give me a time.He said I could come any time before noon .
Today is Tuesday .
That's too bad . I need to discuss these plans with him .
Alright .
Friday is good .
Morning .
Yes . My name is Laura Wills .
Thank you .
Nancy , please turn the TV down .
I'm sorry , I'm engaged at 2 p . m .
Sorry , the whole afternoon is filled up here.Will tomorrow do ?
We should know by next month whom to hire . If your application is successful , we'll notify you by mail .
We'll give you our decision in 7 days .
Please send the next candidate in on your way out .
Right Rebecca . Now I see that after graduating from University your first job was ...
Certainly . And after your internship ?
Yes I see . But you decided to leave them in 2006 , right ?
The London Weekly right ?
morning , Mr . Winthrop . This is Sally Parker , Mr . Emory ’ s secretary . Mr . Emory has asked me to set up a meeting with you .
I understand . Would you like me to call you back ?
Can I ask for leave this afternoon ?
I had a headache this morning . I didn ’ t pay attention to it . I thought probably it is because I didn ’ t sleep well . But now it is getting worse and worse . I feel quite dizzy now and my eyes are somehow very light-sensitive . Maybe it is the migrated .
Michelle , Can you help me clean things up before we go ?
Which cup ?
Put it on the table .
Oh , that goes in the refrigerator .
Bring those upstairs and put them in the bedroom .
Give it to me . I need to use it .
You can throw that away . I don't need it anymore .
Alright , then please put it in a bag and take it outside .
I think we're finished . Can you please turn off the lights and shut the door ?
Good morning ! The Inland hotel . How may I help you ?
Certainly . What kind of room would you like ?
A single room ? That ’ s fine . In whose name shall I make the booking ?
We offer a 20 % discount for guests staying of Friday and Saturday . The total cost will be $ 80 , including breakfast .
Could I just take your credit card number please ? I should mention that there is a cancellation charge of $ 20 .
May I try on this dress ?
What's the matter ?
Oh , you have to take the shuttle to Grand Central .
I have to use the ATM .
I don ’ t know how to use it .
I have never used an ATM before .
How do I use it ?
What ’ s next ?
What else do I have to do ?
Mr . Emory ? I think it ’ s time to get a new computer .
For the amount of work we do on the computer these days , the one we ’ re using is just too weak . We really need a higher model .
What do you think ?
I would like to purchase it .
Here , take my credit card .
Sure . Here you go .
What are you doing , karen ?
What do we need ?
What about vegetables ?
Have we got any beer and wine ?
I hope that you've got some money .
Mr Brown ! How nice to see you , can I help ?
I see . You are one of my favourite customers , Mr Brown . I'm more than happy to help . For Comprehensive Credit Granting , IBA will grant a promised quota for you , that is , if you qualify . Of course , your credit record , within you field of trade needs to be up to scratch .
We will consider the first part of the year , in your particular field , and your credit rating can be no less than class A , during that period .
Hello , John , please invite all our clients to the conference next week .
Get the clients ' contact info from my Rolodex .
How about the Holiday Inn ?
Well , the client is always right .
Please print out the meeting agenda for me to look over .
And make sure to return my Rolodex to my desk when you are done with it .
Hello , this is Mr . Smith in Room 502 . Please send up a bellboy . I'm checking out . What time is checking out time ?
It's nearly 12:00 now . Will I be charged extra ?
Thank you very much . May I leave my baggage here until Thursday ?
Will there be any extra charge ?
I want to buy a wallet .
May I pick it up ?
Do you have one of better quality ?
There is no problem about the price . How much is it ?
I am sorry to hear that you are not feeling well . How are you ?
Is that so ? But I think It shouldn't keep you long in bed .
Good afternoon , Mr . Dome ’ s office .
Yes , it ’ s confirmed for here in our office .
Yes , that ’ s correct .
What's wrong , Jerry ? You look so upset .
Oh , I'm sorry to hear that . You can go on a holiday cheer you up .
Come on . A trip will do you good . Are you doing anything this weekend ?
Well , my friends and I are planning on going to Shangri-La on Saturday . Do you want to come with us ?
Not very far from here . We'll fly . It's about one and a half hours .
There is a large canyon , vast grasslands , ancient forests and mountain lakes .
Yes , the scenery there is breathtaking . I have some pictures at home . You can come over and take a look if you like
How may I help you ?
What are you returning ?
Is there a problem ?
What exactly is wrong with it ?
That's fine , but do you have your receipt with you ?
I'll refund your money right now .
Dad , what are we doing tonight for fun ?
Yard work ? I said ' what are we doing for fun ' , not work !
Dad . You're so cute . What do I need to do to help get ready ?
Jeans and a tee shirt , right ?
Listen , Christine , you can not afford another day off . You ’ Ve called in sick five times in the last three weeks .
Well , I want a note from the doctor on this one . And , to be honest , if this continues , we may not be able to employ you here .
I'm in 507 , and I have a big problem .
Everywhere I look , I see cockroaches .
The next cockroach I see will be number ten .
I've already suffered enough without listening anymore to you !
I just love your hair that way .
Where did you have it done ?
Just yesterday . I'm still getting used to it .
How did you get the piano here ?
You never did it on your own .
Would you mind helping us take a picture ?
Just focus on us and press the button .
Where shall we go on vacation this summer ?
Venice . I have great interests in the boats .
Last night I looked for my Indian classmate Barbara . I found her sitting with her legs crossed and quietly practicing .
Mary , you say something about it .
Excuse me , is there a table for 8 right now ?
Well , since there are some small square tables , could we put two tables together ?
You shouldn't let the dirty dishes accumulate in the sink !
Can I draw my tax back here ?
Here you are .
How can I help you ?
Do you know what kind of scent she usually wears ?
OK , here are some of our most popular perfumes .
Personally , I quite like the new perfume from Clinique . It's a subtle flowery scent . What do you think ?
Would you like to buy any other cosmetics for your girlfriend ? We have a full range of products from cosmetics to skin cleansers and moisturizers .
How about some lipstick ? Every woman needs a nice tube of lipstick .
How about some mascara ? That will make her eyes look bigger .
I know what she would like-some whitening cream .
Will that be all then ?
Are things still going badly with your houseguest ?
Leo , I really think you ’ re beating around the bush with this guy . I know he used to be your best friend in college , but I really think it ’ s time to lay down the law .
Good evening , madam . Did you ring for service ? Who can I do for you ?
Certainly , madam . I'll be back right away . Do you mind if I move your things ?
Thank you . How is the light now ?
You're welcome . And if you need any other things , please let us know .
The air-conditioning is already off , madam .
Would you like an extra blanket ?
Certainly , madam . I'll be right back . Here is a blanket and hot water for you . Anything else ?
May I help you ?
Alright . Do you have your receipt ?
And why are you returning them ?
I see . Oh , wait . Ma'am , I'm sorry . These slacks were on sale .
I'm sorry , but we don't allow returns on sale items .
I'm sorry , but we usually don't do it . It is our policy .
Well . Let me talk to the manager for a moment.Ma ' am , the manager says I can do it this time .
Please show me your receipt again .
I will have to give you store credit , Ma'am . If you find something else you like in the store , you can use the credit .
that was a great party . Thanks for saying behind to help me clear up .
I expected that something might get broken . That doesn ’ t bother me . That spilled drink won ’ t leave a stain , will it ?
I ’ m going to put all the rubbish into this big plastic bag .
yes , he ’ s very good .. isn ’ t he ? He told some funny stories too .
I think that she had a litter too much of the punch .
that ’ s my little secret . Did you like the snacks and I prepared ?
that cake tasted so good ! It disappeared within minutes , so I think everyone liked it a lot . How ’ s that stain ?
What sort of salary did you get at your previous job ?
I see . I am sure we can offer you $ 3 , 500 at the beginning . Would that be satisfactory ?
Good . We also have health insurance , bonus and paid vacation . When can you begin to work ?
Good . Please come in on Monday . Working hours are from eight to four-thirty . Lunch is fifty-five minutes .
Tell me about how you work here .
Sir , here is your curried beef .
Let me see , I am sorry . It's for table 11 .
Would you please weight this letter for me ?
How much ?
Have you heard my good news ?
I got a promotion at work earlier this week .
It's the truth . I am really happy .
Thank you very much .
Are you really ?
Is that what you really think ?
How do you like this one ? It's nice and cheap It's only thirty-four dollars .
Sorry . I think that's the cheapest
Yes . you can The fitting room is right over there .
What is my schedule for today , Miss Liu ?
Do you have the meeting report ready ?
Excuse me , can you do me a favor ?
Where's the busiest street of this city ? I am a stranger here .
Well , we are so tired today . Can you tell me which bus I should take ?
Where to , madam ?
I think you'll make it if we don't get stuck in a traffic jam .
Thank you . How much is the fare ?
Here you are . Keep the change .
May I see your passport please ?
Are you travelling for business or pleasure ?
Do you have anything to declare ? Jewellery or cash ?
Did you bring any fruits , vegetables , fresh meats or plants into this country ?
Why weren't you at school yesterday ?
What was wrong with you ?
Do you feel better now ?
Do you want anything to make you feel better ?
I hope you feel better .
You're going to have coffee , aren't you ?
Are you going to have anything to eat ?
Excuse me ...
I would like to return this item ... Are refunds allowed ?
No , no ... It was just the wrong size .
No . I would rather just return it .
Yeah , right here .
No , thank you .
We hope that our cooperation will continue .
I would like to return this pair of shoes .
Here it is .
Oh , but this pair of shoes are a bit too tight . Could I change them for something bigger ?
Out of every movie that you've seen , which one is your favorite ?
You think so , how come ?
You're not lying , I found that movie absolutely hilarious .
I made sure to be in line to see it the first day it came out .
I was laughing hysterically the whole time ; my stomach muscles hurt afterwards .
I got the movie when it came out on DVD , do you want to come over ?
Good evening , sir .
Certainly . Oh , you have a message here .
Welcome to our restaurant , Chez Attitude !
Yes , Mr . Foster , our hostess will be with you in just a moment .
I will let her know where you are .
I could seat you right away at an outside table if you would like .
Well , can I start you off with some cocktails while you are looking over the menu ?
I'll get on that right away !
Would you like this one ?
This one ?
This one is especially built for hard , continuous play . And every detail of workmanship and material has been carefully checked to make it a dependable one for tournament use .
This cover comes with the racket .
The mark says six hundred yuan , plus tax , it's six hundred and eighty yuan .
Which way is the dining car ?
What time will breakfast be served ?
It's a lot of work running a campaign , isn't it !
Hang in there . The hardest part is just about over .
About 15 . I've seen him work hard for a lot of good changes .
Did you know we're trying to talk him into considering a presidential campaign ?
Hi , this is Quipu Corp . Is that Miss Zhang ?
I am calling to tell you the items you are supposed to bring for the interview the day after tomorrow .
OK . I'd like to have everything gift-wrapped , please .
Is it on this floor ?
Thank you .
I learned of the railway accident only this morning .
Is that true ?
Can I help you , ma'am .
Are you all our guests ?
Please fill in this form .
So you are leaving this evening.We keep your bags until 6 p . m . Here's your tag .
What can I do for you ?
How would you like your hair cut ?
Well , how about like this ?
Okay . How about this style ?
Can you give me some idea of what you'd like ?
How do you like you dishes today ?
I'd like to buy a house about 300m with a garden . Can you help me ?
Where is it ?
How many rooms are there ?
How much is it ?
OK . How much is the deposit ?
Excuse me . What time does the next train to London leave ?
Is it a direct train to London ?
OK . Two tickets to London , please .
Single , please . How much in total ?
Here you are . Which platform should I go to wait for the train ?
OK . Thank you .
Brandy , I am supposed to participate in an interview tomorrow .
How ?
Is a white shirt OK ?
Uh ... that's Greek to me .
Well , mine are baggy . They're the kind of pants you can lounge around in .
So maybe we shouldn't go out after all .
Hello , Pineapple Computer Company . This is Janice Shaw , the secretary of Nova . May I ask who is calling ?
I feel so sorry that Nova has gone on her business trip .
Maybe next weekend . She only mentioned this before she left .
Wait a minute . I have to leave a memo here . Anything else ?
Excuse me , I wonder if you can help me .
I'm completely lost . I'm looking for the Empire State Building .
Don't do that . You are asking for trouble .
Good afternoon . Reservations . May I help you ?
May I ask how many people there will be in the party ?
What kind of room would you like ?
A moment please , sir . Yes , I can confirm 10 rooms for those days .
Yes , there is a 10 percent discount .
What's up , officer ?
There was a stop sign ?
If there really was a stop sign , I couldn't see it because of the overgrown bushes .
If I saw the stop sign , I would've stopped for it .
Am I getting a ticket for this ?
Thank you , I really do appreciate that .
Would you like to ask any questions ?
What kind of fees ?
You have to pay a small fee every time you overdraft .
The fee is $ 25 every time you overdraft .
That fee should keep you from overdrafting .
Do you have any more questions ?
Could I ask the company for the housing ?
How will you solve the problem ?
Hi , can I help you ?
What about this one ?
I would like to book a table for 2 .
7:00 tonight and we'd like a smoking table .
We need to do a group report tomorrow . I need to go to the stationer to buy something for the posters .
absolutely . Every time when we do the reports , we love making some beautiful posters to emphasize our theme ideas .
No problem . I need some markers , some color pencils , a pair of scissors , some highlighter , rulers ..
Don't worry.In fact , it is very easy to find what you want . Can you see the sign on top of every shelf . It clearly tells you what things are displayed on every shelf .
I also need some thumbtacks , whiteout and paper clips . Which shelf are they on ? I can't find the number .
Oh , you can rest assured that they'll be no problem .
Your upstairs neighbors live in Canada and rarely come back to Taiwan . When they do , they're never home .
Two flight attendants that are also in and out of town . When they're here , they're usually sleeping . And next door to you is me . I'm a quiet neighbor .
Susan , can you tell me in a nutshell what the retail market is like in China ?
Retail is going upscale here ? China is certainly growing more quickly than I had imagined .
Do you think the trend will continue ?
What was the biggest turing point in your life ?
Really ? Why is that ?
What would you say was the lowest point in your life ?
What went wrong ?
How long were you married ?
Have you remarried since then ?
Do you think you'll ever get a divorce again ?
How long have you been married ?
Do you think you'll still love him when he is old and gray ?
Would you please bring us the check ?
Does that include the service charge ?
Mom , what were movies like when you were a kid ?
I'm really interested . Tell me about them .
That's cool . I bet you could bring your own food .
Why don't we do that anymore ?
What can I do for you ?
Yes . What's your size ?
All right . Let me see . I think you'd wear a size 8 . This shirt is size 8 .
Sure . The fitting room is over there .
Excuse me , I am Dunlin . I am here about your advertisement for a tourist guide . Are there still any vacancies ?
Oh , I'm so lucky . I want to apply for it .
Yes . I have been a guide for two years .
I think I will call the office to send someone to meet us , and escort that person to the nearest hospital without interrupting our trip .
No . In fact , prior to their boarding the bus and their getting off the bus , I will make an announcement to remind them that they should check their belongings .
Are you going to vote ?
Do you know who you ’ re going to vote for ?
What ’ s so great about him ?
Oh , really ?
That ’ s good to hear .
I hope so .
Can you give me a hand ?
Is there anything I can do for you ?
This one is the latest . How do you like it ?
Sure .
I'd like to make an appointment with manager Mr.Wu . Would 10:00 a . m . tomorrow be all right ?
Could I possibly make it early in the afternoon ?
Doctor , I slipped and fell on my way to school . The ground is so slippery from the snow . It seems I can't move my left arm now .
What if it's broken ?
What do you mean by a cast ?
I ’ Ve just looked over your resume and I must admit I am quite impressed .
You ’ Ve got plenty of training and experience . I wonder if you could tell me something about your goals . Where do you see yourself ten years from now ?
interesting ! And how do you feel about decision-making ? Are you an independent thinker , or do you depend more on your superior for direction ?
Sounds good . Everyone is taking about teams these days . Can you describe your role as a member of a sales team ?
What's holding us back on the plant expansion project ? We were supposed to see the specs on that ages ago.Why haven't I heard anything about it ? Did the whole project just vanish into thin air ?
You're joking , right ? No wonder we've been tied up with this project . I know the environmental impact statement will take forever to get approval if they've found anything endangered on the site . Are they positive there is evidence of endangered species actually living there ?
Could I meet with you to discuss the project ?
Tuesday would be good for me .
I think the afternoon would be best .
Yes , I will bring my plans with me to the meeting .
I feel that the whole committee needs to be there .
Yes , I know how to get there on my own .
How many parking tickets have you gotten before ?
How many ?
Have you paid off your parking tickets ?
How much do you have to pay for the ticket ?
That's a lot of money .
Well , you better make sure you pay it off .
Good afternoon.Welcome to China.May I see your passport , customs and health declaration form ?
Thank you.What ' s your occupation , Mr . Smith ?
You are here on business , aren't you ?
I see.Do you have anything to declare ?
Would you please fill out this currency declaration form ? It's a record of the foreign currency you have brough in .
Good evening .
Let me see . Yes , we have one room left . You're lucky . It's the last one .
This room has two double beds . It's number 56 at the rear of the motel . It's quite a comfortable room .
It's forty-five dollars a night for two . Is anyone else traveling with you ?
Would you like to pay for the room in cash or with a credit card ?
Please fill out this registration card . Here is your key . You can park your car in front of our room.Check - out time is noon .
Is there anything I can do for you ?
You have really good taste . It's the best seller right now .
Sure .
Hello , Is this room service ?
This is the room 1425 , we asked for the room service an hour ago .
What's the matter ?
Is it really going to take that long , will you rush the order ?
I want some envelopes please .
The large size please . Do Have you any writing-paper ?
Yes , please . And I want some glue .
And I want a large box of chalk , too .
No , thank you .
That's all , thank you .
Oh , sir . I lost my passport .
I remember I saw when I was dining in the Aidan Restaurant . When I paid the bill , I saw it in my handbag .
3448-2691- 6429-34 .
Five months later .
Mr . Wilson . I'm very glad we reached the agreement at last . Now I'd like to propose a toast to the further development of our cooperation .
Bottoms up !
Let's go to the cinema by bus .
OK , it will be a new experience for me .
Where do we pay the fare ?
Do I have to pay an additional fare to change trains ?
What can I do for you , sir ?
What kind of games do you like ?
I see , but games are played in different ways . I'm wondering what type of games do you like to play ?
Basically , there are 7 types of games
Don't worry . Most male customers choose first person shooting , real time strategy , action or sports , while female customers prefer simulating , action or role playing . Shooting , action and sports games require flexible movements and real time strategy usually needs overall consideration .
If so , counter Strike and Might & Magic are good alternatives . Counter Strike is one of the hottest shooting games and Might & Magic series are popular among girls because the game has attractive plot and interesting scenes .
Do you want the latest editions ? If your computer runs fast , I think the latest editions are better because although old editions are cheaper , they are less exciting and attractive .
Have some more tea , George .
Have a nice day !
Excuse me , do you have a vacancy ?
Well , I would like to book a single room .
May I take your order now ?
Certainly . I would recommend ' Songshuguiyu ' .
Well , it is sweet and sour fried Mandarin fish .
Then , how about this one ?
Very good . Could I serve you anything else ?
My pleasure . Just a little while , your order will be ready very soon . Please enjoy your lunch .
Front desk , can I help you ?
Sure . Your room number , PLS ?
Is Stanley still singing that Elvis song ? He's really hogging the mike !
He sounds like a sick cow !
I already tried that . Nothing seems to help .
We'll take the route No . 10 .
Just two . How much does the trip cost ?
Is there any chance of a lower price ?
Hello , what can I do for you ?
No problem . No matter what ’ s wrong with it , I can surely meet your satisfaction .
Oh , here . I ’ m afraid it ’ ll be difficult to repair .
What are you calling about today ?
Is there a problem ?
That shouldn't be a problem .
So , you want it delivered the day after tomorrow ?
What time would you like us to deliver it ?
Your delivery has been confirmed .
Hi , I'm here to look at the one-bedroom apartment you have for rent .
( They walk over to the apartment . ) As you can see , it's large and completely furnished .
You have to pay the electricity bill yourself , but water is paid .
I'm sorry to interrupt you . Please take care not to make a mess while you are selecting goods . If you don't want it , please replace it .
What's the brand ?
Oh , it's out of stock at the moment . Why don't you choose another brand instead ?
You can have a try . Maybe you will like it .
Did your eye doctor prescribe you contact lenses ?
Oh , I see . We have both hard and soft contact lenses . They are very popular , but a little more expensive than ordinary glasses .
We have many kinds of glasses here . Which frames do you like best ?
What about this pair ? They are the ' in ' things now in optical wear . Try them on .
To which gate do I need to go to catch connecting flight 101 to New York City ?
Show me the fastest way to get there .
Do you think the plane will leave without me ?
Thank you so much . I would really appreciate that .
Will you be voting ?
Well , when is the election ?
I just don ’ t know .
You can ’ t be serious .
Thanks for telling me .
I forgot .
Elegance Hotel , is there anything I can do for you ?
All right , single or double room ?
All right . We have a single room available right now .
578 yuan a night , plus VAT , including air-conditioner and TV .
Yes , it includes English breakfast . For the phone , I am afraid you can not .
Good morning . I ’ d like to ask some questions about your insurance policies .
I bought a house recently and would like to insure it and its content .
I understand . I live in the Oakfield area and paid $ 100,000 for my home .
In this pamphlet it says that the minimum amount for deductibles is $ 2000 . what does that mean exactly ?
Oh , I see . That ’ s fine . What is the advantage of having higher deductibles ?
It seems that I should do some calculations before deciding . I presume that the insurance period can be for as long as we agree .
If I have a claim , how long does it take to make a settlement ? I ’ Ve heard that with some insurance companies , it can take months .
Come on , Jenny , we are heading our way to the Opera House .
Oh , I am sorry , I thought you were not .
Hello ? This is Mike here . May I have a word with Grace ?
Yes . Please tell her that tickets to Phantom of the Opera will be delivered in two days . My number is 6521684 0 , extension 236 .
Hey , John ! What do you think are the main causes of war today ?
Yeah , several of those civil wars have been going on for years and years . It seems they will never end .
I don't think that there is any easy way .
Excuse me . Do you know where I can find the nearest ICCC ?
Do I need to take a bus ?
How do I get there on foot ?
Wait , let me write this down ... Alright , I'm ready .
Square ... turn right ... traffic lights ... And then ?
Tall building ... Which side is the building on ?
Thank you very much .
Mary , why are you so tired ?
Why don't you think about applying for a job on the Internet ?
Well , it's very convenient and very popular now .
Just get online and send your application through email to the employer .
You could place your job hunting information on the Job Wanted channel on a recruitment website .
Yes . If they think you are a fit , maybe they will contact you .
If you log in some formal websites , it must be very safe .
Stop burping .
Welcome to IBA . What can we do for you ?
I'm sorry to hear that . We value all of our customers , regardless of circumstances . What can we do to help ?
If you think it will be very short-term , I would recommend you go with the 60 - day loan . Then it can be paid back quicker , so you won't have to consider it in the future .
Acknowledgments play a necessary part in the interview .
We often ignore the acknowledgments in our daily life , and consider them as disposable .
We should particularly pay attention to acknowledgments in the interview .
Don't forget to say " Thank you " when you take a seat .
You can win a good impression of the interviewer in this way .
Finally , at the end of the interview , make acknowledgments to the interviewer again .
Sir , may I help you ?
Sure . It's my pleasure . The elevator is right there ; your room is on the fifth floor . Here is your room .
How can I get my driver's license ?
I have yet to take my driving test .
When can I take my test ?
I would like to make one right now .
That would be great .
If I could do it in the morning , then that would be good .
Can I help you , madam ?
Certainly.Here you are.They ' re the very latest fashion .
What's the weather forecast for today ?
Any rain ?
When you smell them , they affect your nervous system .
You can do that , too . Both methods have a healing effect .
Ha-ha ... I'm just fatigued . And tomorrow is a big day .
Mom , Happy mother's Day ! Here's my card .
Thank you for your love and care over the years , I appreciate it , mom .
Mom , what can I do for you today ?
How about dinner tonight ? My treat .
I'm sorry I haven't dropped in that much these past few years.Business kept me too busy , I apologize .
Next , please . May I help you , sir ?
Certainly , I can can help you with that . What type of account would you like to open ? A chequing or a savings account ?
Well , if you just take a look here , see , with our chequing account , you can have unlimited daily transactions for a small monthly fee , and our savings account has a higher interest rate , but you must carry a minimum balance of $ 10,000 dollars .
Alright , then , with this chequing account you ’ ll be issued a debit card and a cheque book . Will you require overdraft protection ? There is an extra fee for that .
In that case , I ’ ll get you to fill out this paperwork . I ’ ll need your social insurance number , and two pieces of government ID . If you could just sign here , and here , and here we ’ ll be all set . Would you like to make a deposit today ?
Accounting , this is Mike .
Goodness ! It ’ s been so long I actually forgot . Let me see ... yes , it is on my calendar .
Help ! I'm about to drop these books .
Let ’ s see if we can reach some sort of agreement over your curfew .
Well , I ’ m not everyone-else ’ s father . I think you need be in the house by ten o ’ clock .
I ’ ll be worried if you stay out late .
May I help you ?
What dose she look like ?
What was she wearing ?
When did you last see her ?
How long has it been ?
How do I know if I qualify for unemployment benefits ?
I got laid off .
Do all jobs provide unemployment ?
Do you think that my job pays unemployment ?
Will I be able to collect a lot of money on unemployment ?
Darling , this dress is for you . I hope you like it .
Your birthday is coming , and I think this dress suits you . Why not try it now ?
It fits me exactly . How does it look like ?
The most important thing is that you bought it for me . I am happy that you know my size and style .
Where are you studying and what's your major ?
Why did you choose Beijing University ?
What courses have you learned ?
Which one is your favorite ? Why ?
What was your minor subject ?
We are through .
Why ? Isn't it obvious ? First you impose way too much on me , and I'm tired away . Second , you stood me up on the Valentine's Day .
But I ended up with finding out lady that night , that you were with other girl at cafe near your home .
You've got so many cousins . I called you later that night . But you didn't have the guts to answer the phone .
I don't buy a story .
Welcome to IBA . What can we assist you with today ?
This scheme has just started and you will be one of our first 100 customers , so if your application is accepted , you will receive some rather nice perks .
That should make things perfectly simple , then . Actually , if you had waited a little while longer , we would have notified you by post .
May I have your details , and I'll check for you .
OK , so you are already a gold card holder , with a sound credit history . That means we can automatically upgrade you to our new platinum card .
Can I have the menu , please ?
Is your turn , Sir . I ‘ m sorry that you have to wait . Saturday is busy day for us .
How so you want to your hair cut ? Any particular way ?
Yes , sir . How about the sideburns ?
Can I use the clippers ?
All right , Sir .
Don ’ t you think it needs about a little taken off and talk to .
About like this ?
Shave also , Sir .
It doesn't look very nice outside today .
In the middle of the summer , it shouldn't be raining .
Considering that it's over ninety degrees outside , that would be weird .
I know , you're absolutely right .
That's how I feel , I want winter to come soon .
I know what you mean , but I'd rather be cold than hot .
Brian and Christina were mentioning that maybe it would be fun to go on vacation together this year , John .
Are you kidding me ?
We have been together for a year and usually , people who've been together a year , take their vacation together .
Go on your vacation with Mark and when you come back , why don't you just move in with him as well !
Is it all right for me to come in now . Mr . Sutcliffe ?
Do you mind if I sit down ?
I want to leave the department . Do you think I could put in for a transfer ?
Do you mind if I speak frankly ?
Well , you see . I don't like the office . I don't like the staff and I'm afraid you and I don't get on . So may I put in for a transfer ?
Is there any ticket for New York left ? I want to go coach .
Yes . What's the fare ?
Well , I thought it was $ 83 .
Do you mind if I open the window ?
Oh , that's too bad . Should I call a doctor ?
Excuse me , madam . Is this seat taken ?
Do you mind my sharing the same table with you ?
Does this bus go to Fisherman's Wharf ?
Oh , good . Transfer , please .
Please let me know when we get there .
As a matter of fact , I'm from Taiwan .
Could you introduce some whitening products for me ?
Then what kind of product can fade freckles ?
How much is it ?
It is too expensive for me . Do you have something cheaper ?
I was told that your company had been in the furniture industry for many years . What kinds of products do you generally handle ?
You know , we want to totally furnish our new office building . This is a list of what we need . Could you give me a ballpark figure for everything on this list ?
If the furniture is pleasantly designed and high-quality stuff , we intend to buy several thousand sets .
That looks like a bad accident .
No , there ’ s a police car behind us . He ’ ll stop .
Yeah . It ’ s pretty bad , that car looks like a coke can .
Yeah , it looks like we ’ re in for a long drive .
Well , we didn't ask for this room service.It must be somebody else's , I'm sure .
Yes , please .
We paid for the room service already in our room .
Excuse me . Where are the rice and flour ?
Drive me to Kennedy Airport , please ?
Where is the next taxi stand ?
Can I help you , sir ?
OK . Which day do you want to book ?
Which flight do you want ?
What about Flight 516 ?
1 500 yuan . How will you pay for this , sir ?
OK . Here's your ticket .
Okay , well I ’ m sure you have a number of questions to ask me regarding the position .
Well feel free to ask me anything , and I ’ ll try to fill in the details .
Yes , of course . That's quite an important point , isn ’ t it ? As a junior sub editor we offer a starting salary of 150,000 HK dollars per annum . This doesn ’ t include a generous housing allowance al
Well , apart from full health insurance we do offer a company staff bonus scheme linked to readership numbers . But we could go through all the details of that at a later date .
Small world , isn't it ?
I never imagined meeting you here .
How are things with you ?
How may I help you ?
Will you be depositing cash or a check ?
How much would you like to deposit ?
What account would you like to deposit that into ?
Can I do anything else for you today ?
Ladies and gentlemen , our flight will be delayed for one hour due to the congestion of the airport .
We'll be delayed for one hour , because the airport is very crowded .
Oh , will you ? That's too bad.We ' re very sorry to cause you a lot of trouble .
Hi , you said that you might need some help with preparing dinner.What would you like me to do ?
Ok , I ’ ll peel the vegetables and you chop them . I ’ m terrible at chopping vegetables . I always seem to chop them into pieces that are either too big or too small.Wow , you can chop vegetables really quickly
Which spices are you going to add to the meat ?
Yes , we don ’ t want everyone to burn their mouths and have a drink gallons.of water.Ok , I ’ m really to do the meat.Should I cook it over a low flame ?
Right.What are you doing over there ?
Hello , Does my room have internet access ?
How do I use it ?
Ok .
Well , I ’ Ve looked over your resume , Mr . Peepers .
Well , Ted , this is a very impressive resume . However , we do have several other applicants to finish interviewing before we can make a final decision . We ’ ll call you by Friday , if that ’ s all right .
Do you have any other questions ?
Salary is based on experience as well as time spent with our company .
Salary can be negotiated once we officially offer you the job .
Northward Airlines . Can I help you ?
May I have your name and flight number , please ?
When are you leaving ?
And your destination ?
Hold the line , please . ( ... ) All right . Your seat is confirmed , Mr . Adams . You'll be arriving in Buenos Aires at 4 o'clock p . m . local time .
Consumer Credit Department . How may I help you ?
Certainly . Do you currently bank with us ?
That's excellent . Well , for our Personal Automobile Consumer Loan we offer some really competitive rates . The maximum repayment period for this type of loan is 5 years .
Of course , the interest rates depend on what is announced at the time , but at the moment , the interest for a 2 - year loan is 5.29 %
We usually set up a direct debit system taking installments directly from your bank account on a monthly basis . And since you are already a valued customer , there should be no trouble in processing you application for this loan .
Hey , Ken ... I need to talk to you .
Can we step into the conference room ? This is a more private conversation .
Ok ... I'm just going to lay it all out on the table , What do you think of Vincent's management style ?
I don't want to put you on the spot . Here's what I'm getting at , I don't think Vincent is the man for the job .
As I see it , he lacks the proper vision . His style is more about survival , and he's not taking the company anywhere.He ' s treading water instead of swimming .
I've been with this firm for 26 years and I'd hate to see it go down the drain due to poor leadership skills .
Yes and no ... We can't ask for a show of hands on who thinks he should be fired , but we can introduce a vote of no confidence at the next board meeting .
I come to try my new suit . Here's the receipt .
Aren't the trousers a little too long ?
Very well . Thank you .
Good coming , sir .
What can I do for you ?
I think I may try to eat a little better .
What do you eat ?
That's it ?
How is that the only thing that you'll eat ?
So , what about the chicken ?
That sounds delicious and nutritious .
What forms should I fill out to collect unemployment ?
Where do I get the application form for unemployment benefits ?
What information will I need to provide to apply for unemployment ?
What else will the Employment Development Office need ?
What will happen next ?
Front desk . May I help you ?
Yes , sure . We do have a storage service . When will you be checking out tomorrow ?
Then shall we arrange the bellboy to pick up your luggage at 9:00 ?
May I have your room number , please ?
1218 . We'll collect you luggage at 9:00 tomorrow . Would you then come to the Front Desk to get your storage receipt , please ?
Hi . I ’ m here for flight 513 to New York but I thought I heard the paging system announce that it is canceled . Is that true ?
No way ! I worked very hard so that I could leave on today ’ s flight . Are there seats on another airline ?
You mean the line over there of about 200 people ? !
This is a rotten way to start a vacation . I HATE lines ! Can you book me on tomorrow ’ s flight ?
Good afternoon Miss.Are there plane tickets to San Francisco on the day after tomorrow ?
Are there tickets for Saturday then ?
I'll need a coach open return . What's the fare ?
What time will the flight put me there ?
OK I'll take three . What's the flight number ?
Hi , there ’ s a problem with this stereo . I ’ d like to return it , please .
The tape player doesn ’ t work .
Yes , here you are .
I think I ’ d like to just get another stereo , please .
Thanks a lot .
I ’ d like to take this opportunity to thank you for everything you did for me .
I wouldn ’ t be able to make it without your help .
Have you got any certificate of technical qualification ?
How long did it take you to get your driver's license ?
I have been looking at this online catalog for over an hour and I still haven ’ t finished getting all the kitchen appliances that we need !
Well , the first thing on my list is a new blender . I decided to also get a juicer and a new coffee maker .
Yeah I know . I also decided to throw away the old toaster and get a new one . I am also getting a rice cooker and steamer to make some nice steamed fish or veggies .
How may I help you ?
What can I do for you ?
What is your trial about ?
I ’ d be glad to help .
My rate is $ 150 an hour .
I don ’ t know what to tell you .
Sir , are you alright ? Just try to calm down , Sir . What's happened ?
OK , just take a deep breath , Sir . Everything is going to be fine . Here's a form to report missing Traveller's Cheques , whatever the reason . Please fill it in and we can get moving on this .
Hello , Beijing Hotel .
Sure.How many rooms do you need ?
What kind of room ?
Smoking or non-smoking ?
How many nights will you be staying ?
Although you spare no effort to complete the project . I think you have missed the boat .
Welcome to Adventure Tours . How may I help you ?
Excellent ! Our company has more than ten years of experience in the adventure tourism and sports field . Let me show you some options . This is our most popular choice , our river guides will take you on a whitewater rafting trip followed by a ride in a hot air balloon !
Well , in that case , we can take you hang gliding with one of our experienced instructors . It ’ s the closest you can get to flying .
Mmm . OK . Well , why don ’ t you tell me a little bit more about what you would like ? We have everything from mountain biking , to rock climbing to street luge .
I have the perfect option , this package will take you on a hiking trip through the Himalayas for three days and afterwards there ’ s a dog sledding journey !
Excuse me , How do I get to the Grand hotel ?
The Grand hotel , is it far from here ?
What's the cheapest way to go there ?
Oh , is that right ? Is there a subway station near here ?
Good.Can I walk through this building ?
It's my wife's birthday . I need to buy some flowers for her .
How much will the roses be ?
Now , that's a price that I like .
Okay , I'll take the roses .
No , the roses are good enough .
I broke Mom's vase .
How are you ?
What can I help you with ?
Cash or check ?
How much do you want to deposit ?
What account will you be depositing this money into ?
What else can I do for you today ?
Is that the Japanese Restaurant ?
What kind of food do you serve ?
I see . That sounds fine . Until what time are you open ?
Fine . Well be there before then .
I'd like to check in .
Here you are . I'd like a window seat .
All right .
Hi . I just lost my purse when I was shopping on the street . I guess somebody stole it from me .
My mobile phone , passport and some cash .
Just a couple of days ago .
I have no idea .
That is my friend Tim who lives nearby .
You have worked in your present company for five years .
Why do you want to resign ?
What kind of work are you interested in ?
So you are interested in our company .
How can I travel by air ?
No , this is the first time .
Yes , I know .
Is that all ?
What's an ID card ?
Can I board the plane now ?
Excuse me !
Yes , I'd like to send this book to France .
Can it go in an envelop ?
Do I need stamps ?
When will it arrive ?
Good morning ! May I help you ?
Do you want a furnished house or an unfurnished one ?
Very well . How long do you want the house ? All summer ?
I'm afraid I can only rent it for two months .
Hello , Anna speaking !
Jason , where have you been hiding lately ? You know it's been a long time since your last call . Have you been good ?
I am fine . What have you been doing ?
That's great , congratulations !
That's good . So I guess I'll have to make an appointment to see you .
How long have you been working there ?
How do you like your new boss ?
Much better than the last one , huh ?
Forget about him . Come over to my house tonight . Let's get drunk .
8 it is . See you then .
Are these all yours ?
Cash or credit card ?
Not yet . Oh , Madam , this item is no longer on sale , and this goes on sale tomorrow . Will you take them ?
Sure , it is 80 yuan in all and you have to give me another coupon .
Certainly .
Okay . Input your pin number , please . Sign here .
Here's your receipt .
Room service . What can I do for you ?
Yes . In that case , you should connect the operator and he will connect you with the one you want .
543210 .
What can I do for you today ?
What is your problem ?
Do you have a statement for your debit card ?
Which charges are you talking about ?
We ’ re going to have to do an investigation .
I ’ m not sure , but in the meantime we will freeze these charges .
Hello , Mr . Brown . How are you today ?
that ’ s good to hear . Shall we get started ? I see from your application form that you ’ Ve worked as a maintenance man for over 7 years .
what kind of work did you do ?
That ’ s good . What kind of electrical work did you do ?
well , your work experience sounds good for the job we have open . Now tell me about the best job you ’ Ve ever had , please .
like the job you feel the most proud of .
Tell me something about a time when you did something well , something you feel proud of .
that ’ s great . No wonder you feel proud of that . Now let me ask you another question .
in all the jobs you ’ Ve had , what was it you disliked the most ?
all right . Do you have any questions ?
you ’ ll hear from us by the end of this week .
Mark , can you dress the twins for me while I take a shower ?
Please ! You can do it . Their clothes are all laid out on the bed .
Are you referring to KC getting her head stuck in the pant leg ?
Don't worry ! Today they are wearing dresses !
I am really excited !
I just got done voting .
I just turned 18 last month .
Why ?
I didn ’ t think of it that way .
Seriously , but I ’ m excited that I did .
Good morning . Miss Lee . My name is Alex Jones . I'm the new assistant in the office .
Yes , I'm looking forward to meeting everybody and getting started on my new job .
This is wonderful . Thank you for doing all this for me , Miss Lee .
Are you paid on a commission or salary basis now ?
What's your monthly salary ?
How much do you hope to get a month here ?
If we decide to hire you , we'd pay you two thousand and five hundred yuan a month at the start . You can have Saturdays and Sundays off . Besides , you may have a paid month holiday every year . How do you think about it ?
What a terrible house !
The door bell doesn't work , the sink is leaking
What's on Channel 12 at 8: 00 ?
Do you want to watch it ?
Would you like any toast , dear ?
Toast , dear ?
Would you like any tea , dear ?
Oh , you ’ re not listening to me .
My name is Helen Levin . I'm the HR director of our company .
How long do you plan on staying ?
We are open from nine to nine . So be sure to be back by then .
Alright . There's a spot open at the far end of the lot . Here's your parking stub .
Have the owners come up with a counter-offer to my offer to buy their home yet ?
Should I accept their offer ?
What if I make another offer , and they don ’ t accept it ?
I think that I would like to offer three hundred and thirty thousand dollars as a counter-offer .
How long before I find out what their decision is ?
Room service.What can I do for you ?
I am sorry.sir . Someone will there in a moment .
I've got a reservation here . My name is John Sandals .
One second , please , while I dig it out . Here .
Yes , I do . Do you accept American Express ?
That's okay , I've got plenty of cards . Here's my VISA .
Yes , that's just what I wanted .
Can you send someone to fix my internet ?
My internet is having problems connecting .
I've been having this problem for the last few days .
It'll pop up , but it won't connect to a webpage .
Do you think you can send somebody over to fix it ?
How long will it be till they get here ?
What are we going to do ? I can't get the car out of this ditch . I'm stuck !
I know . This is terrible . What can we do ? This snow doesn't stop falling !
I wanted to show you the cabin . We only had another half-hour to go .
I don't know .
What do you mean ?
I have plenty of gas .
So what can we do ?
Alright . That's a good idea .
Days ?
Oh , my God ! It's good we have food .
I haven't seen this machine before . What's it used for ?
Here we are on the train .
I hear many people have cars .
Why don't they drive ? Isn't a car more convenient than the subway ?
Mark ? I need that file you took yesterday .
Mark , I told you yesterday afternoon that I would be using that file today .
You don ’ t look so good .
Do you know who you got it from ?
Did you take any cold medication ?
I think that rest and liquids are what doctors recommend for a cold .
A pharmacist might be able to help you if your home remedies don ’ t work .
Of course ! Of course ! Here you are . Thank you so much .
Um , let me see . Hmm . This antique tea set here is gorgeous .
Really ? No , no , I couldn't ! You're too nice !
As an existing banker , that will speed up the process . You said you had the documents with you ?
Before I verify those , I need you to fill in some forms . Then , as I said , I need to see valid credentials , your occupation and income details ...
You are authorized to borrow up to 20,000 RIB , with a repayment period of up to 1 year .
We can also look at your current credit status and adjust the interest accordingly .
If you sort out all of the paperwork today , you could have your loan by the end of the week .
Have you found a new job yet ?
What kind of work ?
What do you do there ?
How long is the assignment ?
Linda , do you know Mr.Green ?
Please meet him now .
Let ’ s move out of here . This apartment is too small .
A house would be great . I could plant a garden . And you could use the garage for a workshop .
How much is the rent ?
When is the place available ?
Is there something I can help you with ?
Miss , where do you want to go ?
No problem .
Yes , you are charged 50 cents a piece .
Hello , I want to order an Easy-own package . What would you recommend ?
About the same . But I'm looking for a job , so I have to answer the phone often .
That's good . How can I order it ?
Thank you . I'll have a try .
May I see a hat , please ?
I'm sorry . I don't know .
Brown , please .
Yes , I like this one.It goes very well with my coat . How much is it ?
Waiter , the dish is cold to eat . Could you please heat it up for me ?
By the way , I would like some chilli oil .
I'd like to have the film developed .
Yes . When can I get it back ? I can't wait to see the photos .
Fine , I'd like two enlargements from this negative .
Good morning . Can I help you ?
What kind of juice do you prefer , sir ?
Yes , sir . American breakfast with fried eggs , sunny side up , grapefruit juice and a black coffee . Am I correct , sir ?
Is there any thing else , sir ?
Good morning , sir . I've brought the breakfast you ordered .
Do you need anything else , sir ?
What kind of juice would you like , sir ?
Were you around when the robbery happened ?
Could you explain what you saw ?
What did you see ?
Did you see his face ?
Did he come in with anyone else ?
Would you come down to the station for further questioning ?
Good morning . Elly company .
Hold on , please .
Please send this memo out to all the managerial staff ... there will be training for all the department heads next week . Attendance for managerial staff is mandatory , except for the financial department . Financial officers may participate if their schedules allow .
Managerial staff is anyone who is in a position of authority or responsibility , or who has anyone working under them . It includes all supervisors and department heads .
Hello . Is Vanessa there ?
Hi , Vanessa . I ’ m Don . I ’ m calling from Seller ’ s Market . Are you still interested in a position as a cashier ?
Yes , it is . Please come to see me tomorrow afternoon at 2 00 for a job interview .
You ’ re welcome . I ’ ll see you tomorrow at 2 00 .
Whoa ! This is a massive flea market !
And hundreds of booths-all filled with different kinds of stuff .
You can't buy much more , Wei ! You already have enough to fill two boxes to send back to Taiwan .
I ’ Ve just taken out an insurance policy . Are you insured ?
I took out a life insurance policy and made my wife the beneficiary .
I need to make sure that my wife will be financially secure if I die .
That ’ s one of the conditions of my police too . It covers you if you die before you retire and when you retire .
Miss Liu , have we received the fax from MS Company yet ?
Excellent . I have been expecting it .
You bet it is . It's about the new contract .
Look out ! A small boy is rushing out blindly .
You stopped just in time . Good for you !
I'd like to make a reservation to Rome .
I'm supposed to be in Rome on the morning of the fourteenth , but I'd rather get there on the evening of the thirteenth .
Late in the afternoon , after work .
That's too early . I don't get out of work until five . Do you have a later flight ?
I'd better take the six thirty . It takes quite a while to get to the airport .
Oh , good . What time does the flight get to Rome ?
Hi Isabel ! You wanted to see me ?
Is everything okay ? You seem a bit preoccupied .
Okay ...
What ? Why ? I mean ... just like that ? I ’ m fired ?
What ! I resent that !
Passport and Embarkation card please .
Where are you from ?
Did you have anything to declare ?
Would you open this suitcase , please ?
Let me take a look at this bag . Can you open it ?
Is this camera a gift for someone ?
You have to pay tax for this camera .
You have a lot of gifts , so you have to pay for the camera .
Which job do you prefer , an accountant or a secretary ?
Then how about a salesman ?
Welcome home , Peter !
Can I help you , sir ?
Let me give you a hand . The author is ...
Oh , yes . Here it is .
Yes , we have both the paperback and hardcover . which would you want to buy ?
It's $ 25 .
Thank you for calling ABC company , may I help you ?
Sorry , we have two Smiths , Robert Smith and Jim Smith , which one would you like to speak to ?
What do you need me to do ?
Sure . How many copies do you need ?
Hello , Mr.Benson , welcome to Beijing ! Is this your first time to visit china ?
Yes , Beijing has been grown over the last few years , there are a lot of improvements and changes being made for the Olympics . What would you like to see changing be made for Olympic , what would you like to see when are you here ?
I can pretty sure it can be arranged , the wall is a short distance from the city , but we could make arrangements for driver to take us out to visit the great wall during when our afternoon breaks , I also recommend you to visit Tian'an Men Square and city while you add it !
Don't worry , I would be able to go along with you , over the next few days , if you have any questions or problems , I will be right here to help you out , I can be a translator and tour guide .
Let ’ s meet before next week ’ s meeting , Jane . I want to kick around some ideas with you .
Well , let ’ s plan to get together next Monday afternoon , around three ?
Hello , can I speak to Mark Wyatt , please ?
Does Mark Wyatt work there ?
W-Y-A-T-T , Mark Wyatt .
Would you please mail these letters , Lucy ?
These two are urgent letters and should be sent by registered express airmail . Others are ordinary letters .
It ’ s sent to Mr . Charles . I believe he is in London .
Office address , please . He might be at work when they arrive .
There is something wrong with my credit card .
There is a charge on here that I never made .
It was a charge for a $ 350 purse that I never bought .
I think I would remember if I made a purchase that large .
It was purchased on the 12th of November at 3
In the meantime , do I have to pay for this charge ?
how's your job search going ?
I see . Have you found anything that you're interested in ?
what kind of job are you looking for ?
there's not a very high demand for that kind of job , is there ?
that's a good idea . You have plenty of experience in the tourism industry , don't you ?
by the way , I saw a job in the paper this morning that you might be interested in .
it's a job at a recruitment agency .
well , you have plenty of experience job hunting . I think you'd be the perfect person for the job !
Help me organize these coins .
Yeah , I'm gonna go to the bank and change it for bills , but first I have to separate them into little piles .
Great , then we can add everything up and take it to the bank .
Oh yeah , those are from my trip to London . I have a couple of different pence , but in all it won't add up to one pound .
I'm sorry to tell you that I have to cancel our appointment .
I must meet someone at the airport tomorrow afternoon .
OK . I'll be free from nine to eleven . I'll be there waiting for you .
Sure . I'm really sorry for the trouble I've made .
So , are we all ready to go ?
Did you get the camera ?
Yup , it ’ s all set .
I ’ m sure ... we ’ Ve got all our bases covered .
Um ... do you think we can make a pit stop ?
Mary , my friend recommend me for a job to work in a company , and I feel it's great .
He has introduced the company details to me .
The company deals in selling electronics .
It was founded in 2002 , has been in business for 10 years .
More than 2000 now .
The company deals in selling electronics .
It was founded in 2002 , has been in business for 10 years .
More than 2000 now .
More than half of the employees have bachelors ' degree .
Three times every year .
Have you heard about the robbery ?
For real ?
What went down ?
Are you serious ?
Tell me what else happened .
Did the cops get him ?
What's in the box ?
What do you mean ?
How sweet ! Maybe he was just a shy guy who had a crush on you !
Waiter , we'd like a menu first , please .
Well , we are waiting for two friends , so could we just have a look at the menu for a while ?
Do you have any certificate that has something to do with tourism ?
Why do you choose our travel agency ?
May I ask whether we are allowed to wear casual clothes in the office ?
Thank you for telling me that .
What are they ? I ’ ll be careful .
I got it .
Does tea-serving follow any special etiquette in China ? Each time I dropped in at my Chinese friends ' homes , their parents would offer me a cup of hot , strong tea , though they never inquired of me about whether I want it .
So the guest is presumed to be thirsty and in need of some drink after the trip . In that case , I guess , in return , the guest doesn't have to drink it if he wouldn't like it .
So next time , I'd better take a few sips , to ' save face ' at least , right ?
What does that imply , then ?
Hello , Mr . Jones .
Long time no see . How is everything at home ?
OK , thanks . Anything I can do for you ?
Yes , sir . Would you like to remit it by M / T or by T / T ?
Hello ! I ’ m now trying to take a bath , but there are too many buttons , would tell me how to use them ?
I read it , but I couldn ’ t understand it . Would you come to my room and tell me how to use them ?
Hello . I'd like to change my reservation for March 19 . My name is Mary Chang .
Well , I'd like to change the date to March 20 , and make that for two singles , not one .
To get around your difficulty , Mr Smith . I'd suggest that you reduce your order by half . You can send in an additional order later .
A month before the time you want the goods to be delivered .
Getting the goods ready , making out the documents and booking the shipping space , all this takes time you know . You cannot expect us to make delivery in less than a month .
When will that be ?
I'd like to buy a fridge . What about the quality of higher products ?
Is there a warranty ?
How long is it ?
Which model is the best seller of this year ?
It's too big for me . Could you recommend something else ?
Ten dollars ? Maybe there are a lot of them ...
Was it a delivery problem or a problem with the products ?
Some people get nasty on those comments . Maybe you should write him and ask nicely .
I am going on a business trip to Guangzhou next Monday morning .
Yes , as the New Year is coming , they ’ re organizing a party for all their customers .
Sure .
No , no one has informed me of that so far , tell me .
I see . What about the maximum purdy and rate , any change ?
I will call them this afternoon , thanks .
Do you believe that classified ads in the newspaper are the most effective way to search for a job ?
OK , but I am going to look at the want ads in this newspaper first .
Excuse me . Could you tell me if the bus goes the national history museum ?
I see . Where do I have to change them ?
How far is it ?
I see . Thanks a lot .
Which institute did you choose in university ?
How many departments were there in your university ?
Will you send the letter to the chairman of the committee ?
Thank you , Mr . White .
Good morning , sir . May I help you ?
Why ?
OK , did you bring your household register or residence booklet ?
It doesn't matter , they are the same thing .
OK , I will register you in our database system . What's your name , please ?
Please get a mug shot in the next room .
But we need them taken with digital cameras .
May I see your passport please ?
What is the purpose of your visit to the United States ?
This visa is good for two weeks . Do you intend to stay longer than that ?
And you will do some traveling while you are here ?
What do you have in the bag , Mr . Lee ?
You're not carrying any food with you today ?
Okay , Mr . Lee . This is just a routine check . Would you mind opening the bag for me ?
I ’ m looking for a budget hotel in Orlando . Have you ever stayed at the Comfort Hotel ?
Why not ?
Oh . I guess you get what you pay for . How long did you stay there ?
Excuse me , miss . Could I have something to drink , please ?
Is it possible to get a beer ?
So , what's on the menu for dinner tonight ?
You're not going to make anything to eat ?
I think you're a better cook than I am .
So you're telling me that you want me to make dinner ?
I'll cook dinner , don't worry .
I'll come wake you when it's ready , okay ?
Be careful.The floor is slippery .
Turn on the shower .
What do you think of this coffee table ?
How about this one ?
Alright , let's look at some others .
I have never bought a house before and don ’ t know how to make an offer .
I love this house and would be willing to pay the full asking price of three hundred and fifty thousand dollars .
We could try that , but I really want this house !
How long will it take to find out if they are going to accept the offer ?
Should I tell my bank that I have made an offer ?
Hello , how are you ? I am Jack .
What brings you here ?
Yes , it is really a good deal . $ 1,000 discount . I've never seen a sale as good as this one .
Sure . It has 1.8 liter engine . This one comes with all power options , air condition , CD player , full size spare tire , automatic transmission and ABC . The window price is $ 17,000 , and I can give You for $ 16.000 .
You must be kidding ! You cannot get that price anywhere .
Can you put down a $ 2,000 deposit , and I'll talk to my manager , see what we can do .
Okay , I'll be right back ... Congratulations ! The manager approved the final price $ 15,000 .
You are really tough . You got a deal .
Good afternoon ! Where to ?
You are going to Tian'anmen Square . No problem .
Around 20 minutes , but it all depends on the traffic .
By this time , it's better . The rush hour is over .
Sure thing . Here we are .
Eight yuan twenty cents .
Thank you . Have a nice day .
Do you have any hats ?
I like both of the two hats . Can you give me a discount if I buy both of them
I like this colour and it is very bright .
Yes , I think so . How much are they ?
What is that plastic cup for ?
Am I supposed to pee into the cup ?
Then what do I do with the cup ?
What is this test for ?
When will I know the results ?
I'd like to get my laundry .
Here you are .
Can you sew on these buttons ?
How much for the shirts ?
Here's the money , keep the change .
Our productivity has been down for more than six months now . I'm seriously considering pulling in an outside consultant to diagnose the cause of our problematic areas . I think we'd all benefit from an outsider's perspective . Sometimes we're just too closed to the problems to see the forest for the trees .
Do you have his card ? What's in his portfolio ? Which firm has he worked for in the past ?
Besides salary what kind of allowance can I expect ?
Can you elaborate it more concretely ?
Thank for your help . I owe you .
Thank you . I'm very glad to be here . As Ms . Tina said , the purpose of my presentation today is to familiarize you with the new EBB . As you probably know , EBB stands for Electronic Book Player . Our company put the original EBB on the market a year ago , but we have since all developed an improved model which we believe will be a big seller in both China and the U . S .
Certainly . First of all , the old model had a rather small screen , so not much information could appear at one time . So on the new model , we have made the screen much bigger and ...
Oh , there are many uses and I'll explain them in detail a little later . First , I'd like to ...
Susan ? We ’ re having a farewell party for John Anderson today .
We ’ re starting at 12:00 and it ’ ll go on for the rest of the afternoon .
We ’ re having a department meeting at 10 o ’ clock , ok ?
See Julie , the receptionist . She knows where all that stuff is kept . You might like a calendar for you desk . She can give you one of those too .
The photocopier is near my office . Come on , I ’ ll show you where it is .
Yes , I do . Everyone ’ s really friendly . Sometimes , I wish I worked outdoors more , especially during the summer .
What's the special today ?
I don't like to .
Yes , I'm very fond of seafood .
I'd like to have red cooked sea cucumber .
Bring me an assorted cold dish , please .
No , thanks . I'm fine .
Can I help you , sir ?
Let me give you a hand.The author is ...
Oh , yes.Here it is .
Yes , we have both the paperback and hardcover.which would you want to buy ?
It's $ 25 .
Hi , I'm Josephine Chen , the tour guide for the Jade Agency . We have a reservation of twenty rooms for tonight .
No , our check-out time will still be 8: 30 tomorrow .
That's alright .
Thank you .
Next , please .
Let's see . Yes , here are your passports back . Did you pack your luggage yourselves ?
Did anyone approach you to ask you to carry anything for them ?
Are these four pieces all your luggage ?
You'd better attach these stickers to your carry-ons .
Here are your baggage claim stubs , miss . And here are your boarding passes . Your seats are 29K and 29J . Your flight leaves at Gate 7 , and we'll be boarding in about an hour and a half .
Good morning . What can I do for you ?
Of course . How about these postcards ? They are specially designed for Christmas .
No problem . You can choose what you like .
A postcard costs you five yuan . A dozen postcards cost you 60 yuan .
I don't understand why I'm being arrested .
A warrant for what ?
What does that mean ?
I wasn't aware that I had to go to court .
I don't find this fair .
Don't I have any rights ?
I'm really confused , Zina . Will you explain all this to me ?
Yes . If we get it , we'll really be set for success .
OK , I'm with you so far .
Can you show me how to use this phone ?
No , I don't hear anything .
I'm not sure .
I am trying to call a client .
No , I don't know anyone's extension .
Excuse me , could you tell me where I can get a shopping basket ?
Well , I can't find the way to the entrance . Would you tell me where the entrance is ?
Thank you very much . By the way , where are the vegetables ?
It's time to go . Are you ready ?
Kata ! You've got a beautiful singing voice . You hit the high notes perfectly .
Thank you . Maybe we can sing a song together . Would you like to sing with me ?
How about this one ?
Er ... How about this one ?
Never mind . You can follow me . I'll sing the first part .
OK ... well , then how much is one jin ?
30,000 NT for ginseng ? ! Do I have to buy a whole jin ?
Whew ! That sounds more like my price range . I'll take two liangs .
This little red fruit looks good . What's it good for ?
Uh ... , I'm not even married yet . How about this brown dried fruit ?
And how about these little brown chips ?
Let ’ s go to Wangfujing by bus .
En , where do we pay the fares ?
Do I have to pay an additional fare to change trains ?
Remittance Advice , how can I help you ?
That's no problem . There are 3 ways you can do this , firstly you can send the money account to account , or you can choose to send cash to account or you can send cash to individual . Which service would you like ?
If you choose our Urgent Remittance Service the money can be there within 2 hours . There will be a 1 % handling fee and then you need to pay 12 RIB for the Express Delivery Service .
Albert ? Could you co-sign this approval sheet ? Accounting ’ s getting really picky .
Right here . It ’ s for that new fax machine we ’ re getting .
Do you think children watch too much tv ?
Perhaps I should impose a limit on how much tv my kids can watch . They don ’ t do much else in their free time . At least they always do their homework first .
They could go out and play with their friends .
Perhaps I could ask my husband to teach them foot ball or some thing . He watches too much tv too .
I have been having a lot of headaches lately .
I have had headaches my whole life , but they have been getting worse lately .
I ’ Ve been under stress , but no more than usual .
No , I only sleep a few hours a night .
Yes , actually I fell skiing last week and hit my head .
I'm Mary Kell . May I ask your name ?
I'm glad to meet you , Mr . Zhuang . Sit down , please .
What are your qualifications for being a clerk typist ?
Would you be willing to take a typing and shorthand test ?
Your typing and stenography are pretty good . Would you be interested in applying for the job ?
Happy birthday , John . Many happy returns of the day !
Well , making good wishes .
Good morning , Passport , please .
Ah , thank you.Please bring your luggage here for inspection .
It's just a regular inspection.Do you have anything to declare ?
Well , the cigarettes and the champagne are not in excess of the duty-free allowance . But according to our law , each passenger is allowed only one camera duty-free.You ' ll have to pay duty for the other one .
Please wait a minute . I'll make out the duty memo ... Here you are.Take this and pay to the woman over there .
Very well . I hope you ' ll enjoy your stay in America .
Have you made up your mind about not going back to your hometown after graduation ? Where else would you go ?
why ?
that's true . Beijing is the political , economic and cultural center of the entire country .
well , that's true , but living expenses are also higher in big cities .
one person ? How about your girlfriend ?
sorry to hear that . It seems you have sacrificed a lot to work away from home .
Are you ready to order ? May I suggest a veal ?
The chicken is also nice .
Our special tonight is lobster .
Perhaps you'd enjoy the lamb .
It's hot today , shall we go for a dip at the beach ?
Would you like to swim in the swimming pool or at the beach ?
OK . Let's pay the entrance fee and change our clothes in the dressing room .
Shouldn't you already be in bed ?
You need to get some rest , as you have to get up early in the morning .
Just close your eyes , and try not to think .
It doesn't matter , you need to get some sleep .
Then you're not going to go to sleep .
I want you in bed , right now , so sweet dreams .
Would you mind telling me your grades in high school ?
Very good . What was your favorite subject in middle school ?
How were your scores in university ?
What's the matter here ?
When did you find out ?
Apparently forced entry . The lock is battered to pieces .
He is so unskillful . I have never seen such an awkward burglar .
Probably . Let's check the inside then .
Yes , the house was in a terrible mess . It was almost turned upside down by the burglar .
You mean it is not created by the burglar ?
Would you mail a letter for me ? My hands are full .
That ’ s fine . We ’ re going to drop in and see Jimmy tonight . Don ’ t forget it .
Thanks . See you .
May I help you ?
Let me key in your information into my computer . I will pull up our records for you . Do you have an order number ? What name is the order listed under ?
Yes , Mr . Smith . I have an order for three cases of cartridges , it that what you would like to refill ?
Is there the correct billing address ?
I will send you an invoice in the next few days . Your order should be delivered before the end of the day on Monday .
What in the world is that smell ?
Smells like you're baking something . What are those ?
Cool ! But isn't that a hot air popcorn popper ?
Good morning , sir . How may I help you ?
Yes , we do . What kind of room would you like ?
Please wait a moment while I check availability . Ah , I'm sorry , sir . We only have a double room available now .
Each night costs 320 RIB , but for a four night stay , we can offer a discount of 15 % .
1088 RIB .
Yes , it is . You also have free use of the leisure facilities here .
OK . Please fill out this form with your details .
Yes , you do . There is a 300 RIB deposit , which we will refund when you check out . So , in total , you need to pay 1388 RIB .
Thank you . Here's your key and receipt . Your room number is 408 . A porter will take your luggage to your room . The elevator is just around the corner .
It is my pleasure , sir . I wish you a pleasant stay here . Goodbye !
It's my first visit to Prague , I'll be here for three days for a conference , then I have a day on my own to do some sightseeing before I head back home . What do you suggest I see when I'm here ?
The subway ? But is there a subway station next to my hotel ? I have to go between the conference center and the hotel several times a day ...
Is it expensive to ride on the underground ?
Is it easy to get lost ?
Where are you employed ?
What do you think of your present job ?
How do you get to office ?
What does your work consist of exactly ?
Would you mind working overtime at night ?
How much money are you making a month ?
Why do you plan to change your job ?
Is there someone I can talk to about a payment question ?
My paycheck that just arrived is less than last week ’ s check .
Yes , actually , I did make a little bit of money .
Yes , I showed that income on the Continued Claim Form .
Maybe I just shouldn ’ t show the income then .
Excuse me , sir . May I go with you to claim my luggage ? I am a stranger here .
Thank you .
Certainly , it's a pleasure .
Customs .
Do you have anything to declare ?
Would you like to open the suitcase , please ?
What's in the box ?
Are they liqueur chocolates ?
How many cigarettes do you have ?
Are you a visitor or a resident ?
Kate , will you please make ten copies of this report ?
Then use the xerox machine .
Oh , forget it then . Hey , I told you to put the files on the in tray , not on my desk .
Very funny . What's wrong with you today ? You are my secretary and you are not supposed to talk to me in that tone of voice . Do you know that ?
Keep your voice down , Kate . I know you've had a hard day today , but you should at least show some respect for me . If you really don't feel well , go home . There isn't much work today anyway .
I ’ m not sure what you expect me to do , Michelle . You ’ Ve not been very clear about any of this .
Yeah . I think that would be a good idea . I ’ m really in the dark on everything .
I want to join in the bus tour .
Will the bus pick up the tourists from hotels ?
Hi . I want to open an account with you , so I can pay my bills by direct debit .
Yes , that's what I thought . It's so much trouble coming down here or to the post office to pay all of my utility bills every month . So , what exactly do I need to do ?
Here you go . Is that it ?
Here . What's the least I can pay in to get this account open ?
OK , here you go .
First of all , thank you for accepting this job .
What are your salary expectations ?
We ’ ll offer you a monthly salary to begin with , in addition , we offer one percent commission and all your sales . You also enjoy life insurance and health insurance . What ’ s starting salary would you expect here ?
That sounds reasonable .
why are there still so many people overweight despite the current fitness craze ?
what are they ?
why ?
that makes sense . Probably less time to make dinner and the junk food is cheaper .
what's that ?
wow ! No wonder people are so fat . Say , Carl , looks like you could be doing a bit more exercising .
you should consider eating healthier food and getting some more exercise .
so what happened ?
Room service.what can I do for you ?
OK . Someone will be there right away .
Has my package arrived ?
It's quite a delicate piece of equipment , so I hope it was well-packed . It's oblong-shaped , about 50 cm long . It's made of metal .
Excuse me , sir . Didn't you see the red light ?
No , sir . The sign says No Turn on Red .
I am sorry , sir . But may I see your driver's license and insurance policy , PLS ? I have to give you a ticket .
Sign here , PLS . You can appeal to the court within 14 days . This slip has all the information you need . Pls drive safely , sir .
Who has been here already this morning ?
They're small fry . Tonight I'm going to LA to negotiate with Stars.com . That'll be big .
Who else has been here ?
Northward Airways , good morning . May I help you ?
One moment , please ... Yes . There's a flight at 16:45 and one at 18:00 .
Economy , business class or first class ticket ?
That would be 346 Euro .
Certainly . Which flight would you like ?
Could I have your name , please ?
How would you like to pay , Ms . Jones ?
Yes , but you will have to confirm this reservation at least two hours before departure time .
Now you have been booked , Ms . Jones . The flight leaves at 16:45 , and your arrival in Sydney will be at 9:00 a . m . , local time . The flight number is NWA 476 .
What do you want to eat for breakfast ?
You know that breakfast is the most important meal of the day ?
That's not a good excuse .
I just eat some oatmeal , toast , and orange juice .
It's good , and it's easy to make .
So , are you still going to have cereal ?
Did you sign up for the picnic party ?
This time you can bring your daughter with you .
Tomorrow is Halloween , I know I'm ready . I bought two pumpkins and a big bags of candy . Do you want to help me a jack-o-lantern ?
They are supposed to say trick or treat ? Then the neighbors are supposed to hand up the candy .
Usually it's the older kids going around playing Halloween , like punching the pumpkins left outside people's doors or - - someone's tree . They usually do it late at night after little kids go
Usually be adults , you don't have kids have a big party in get dressed up too .
Driver , bring me to the station .
Can you please speed up ? I am catching the train .
Are you OK there ?
Can I help ?
Good morning , sir . Can I help you ?
Certainly . How much rent did you want to pay ?
$ 900 a month ? We don ’ t often have apartment as inexpensive as that . We have one apartment for $ 985 a month today , on Eleventh Avenue . It ’ s near the municipal buildings .
No , it ’ s unfurnished . It has a kitchen , but there are not many cookers . There ’ s a garden in the back , but the tenants can ’ t use it . The landlord lives downstairs . Friends are forbidden in the apartment after midnight . No noise and no television after 11 ...
Hello . What can we do for you ?
Certainly . That shouldn't be a problem . Tell me , do you have a Basic Account with us ?
Oh , that's good . We will come to our final decision based on your credit rating , the payment capability ...
Could you tell me where the cereal is ?
What aisle is that ?
I know where that is at .
Could you point me toward the dishwashing detergent ?
I didn't even think about that .
Thank you so much for helping me .
How time flies ! We have been lovers for nearly a year . We hit it off instantly .
Is Tom here ?
Hello , I need to come in and see the doctor .
I have really itchy skin and think I may have to have it looked at .
No , but I have a low fever .
I want to come in on Wednesday .
I would prefer Dr . Smith .
Good morning , Star Airline . What can I do for you ?
I see . You are leaving for Berlin on July 23rd with Mr . Smith , right ?
Isn't your family name Lin ?
I am sonry.So you are loaving on Duty 21st and your seat is in the business section .
May I help you , sir ?
Well , we have many models to choose from here.Do you have a particular brand you want ?
I see . And does your son have a VCR now ?
Does he watch a lot of movies ?
I would like to make a suggestion then , sir .
If your son wants to study film , probably he will start to collect movies himself .
May I suggest you consider buying him a DVD player instead ?
It is very similar . The technology is the same .
For one thing , sir , the quality of the image is usually better.That ' s because it's digital .
It is a little more expensive , sir.But there is one important advantage which your son might appreciate .
If your son starts to buy video tapes , he can't keep them very long .
Video tape breaks down after fifteen years.So if he collects a lot of tapes , after fifteen years they will all start to rot .
Yes , it is , sir .
This is the excellent thing about DVDs.If your son starts to collect DVDs , they will last forever . They will never rot .
So let me show you some of our DVD players.In my opinion , DVD is the wave of the future .
Your family must be busy shopping for Christmas , now .
Woo , your home will beautiful on Christmas .
I do wish your christmas and happy new year .
Do you have the same style in white ?
What a pity . Are you likely to be getting more in ?
Excuse me , are these deck chairs free ?
Could I have a fresh towel ?
It's very kind of you . By the way , when does the pool close ?
We have successfully fulfilled our work plan . In fact , we are No . 1 in terms of market share .
I hope we can continue to get support from the departments concerned .
Is this the right counter to check in for this flight ?
Here you are . I have just come from downtown .
Really ? What can I do now ? I can't miss the important meeting .
May I sit here ?
I'm afraid I've a complaint to make , which is about the goods we ordered last week .
I will explain the problem briefly . We found in the examination that 35 % of the goods have damaged .
Here's the survey report issued by the China Commodity Inspection Bureau . According to the report , the damage was caused by poor packing . Our surveyors also discovered some cracks on the surface of a number of other cases .
Please look into the matter and solve the problem immediately .
Can you help me pick out a gift for my niece ?
That sounds good . Let me see one .
Oh , she's nice . How much is she ?
Well , that's reasonable . I'll take it .
No , thank you .
Oh , cash will be fine .
Good afternoon , Mr.Chen . How are you ?
How much do you want , Mr.Chen ?
The rate is still high for other foreign currencies . The exchange rate for Hong Kong dollars into Renminbi is 1.053 Renminbi yuan to one dollar .
Certainly , sir . How do you want it ?
Yes , Mr.Chen . Here you are .
Good morning , madam . Can I help you ?
Your complexion is on the oily side . I suggest you use cleansing gel .
How do you prefer this one ? It cleans thoroughly without striping your natural protective oil . The gentle formula keeps skin soft and healthy .
We've also got a fragrance-free one , specially designed for sensitive skin . I'm sure you'll like it .
Yes , sure . This line of products is fragrance-free . We have a facial mask , moisturizing lotion , eye cream and tonic .
This book I'm reading about Yoga is really interesting .
I don't really practice it regularly yet , I'm just learning about it .
Right now I'm learning about the importance of breathing slow , deep and regularly .
Yes . It says here , ' He who only half breathes , half lives . '
Excuse me , could you please take a picture for us ?
Over here with the waterfall in the background , please .
Then just press the black button all the way down .
It could be the battery . Let me Check it .
Yes , the battery is dead .
No , I've only got one . OK , thank you all the same .
That's so kind of you . Thank you very much !
Mr . Brown , I'd like to talk with you about something that is getting to be a problem . I'd like , if possible , to see it settled at this meeting .
It's about the quality of 300 cartons of dried mushrooms . They reached us two weeks ago , and were immediately examined after they arrived . To our astonishment , about 20 % of them were moldy and in many cartons there were even small brownish bugs crawling in and out of the half eaten mushrooms . We can't accept them in this state . They are unfit for human consumption . And the Medical Officer of Health has issued a Stop Notice on them .
Certainly . Here's a survey report by a well-known lab in London , whose testimony is absolutely reliable .
The mushrooms were packed in small one pound plastic bags , sixty of these bags to a carton . It is stated on the surveyor ? s report that external conditions of goods at the time of survey are all sound and intact . So it is obvious the cause of the damage is that the mushrooms were not completely dried before packing .
I think the Inspection Bureau at your end , when effecting inspection , only selected a few package at random these happened to be up to the standard . The part that was not dried properly , most probably , escaped their attention . As the amount in question is only 20 % of the whole shipment , I think it is only reasonable that you should compensate us for the loss .
We've already got in touch with the underwriter . But they have refused to accept any liability . They attributed the accident to the effects of dampness during the long sea voyage .
To my regret , we failed to cover contamination . This is an unfortunate oversight on our part and a lesson to us .
Lucy , I ’ d like to fix the light in the corridor , it keeps flashing , which drives me crazy . Would you like to help me with the ladder ?
I think I can handle it by myself .
I see . If I got hurt when fixing the light , even during office hours , I wouldn ’ t get compensation from our company since repairing is not my responsibility .
Like this one ?
Yeah , thank you for telling me .
George , is your chicken OK ?
My fish is very dry .
That's exactly what I was thinking had happened .
The vegetables are kind of mushy .
The food here is usually good , so I think that we should tell the waiter that there is a problem .
Order !
What ’ s your plea ?
But all the evidence points to you .
What are you saying ?
Who is ?
We can work something out .
Where can I find information on this subject ?
Will you give some advice on this experiment ?
What's his suggestion for this work ?
The way I see it is that they'd join us .
Hi , Alex . How are you doing ?
I know the feeling . I ’ m calling to let you know about this new Italian place I found . It ’ s right around the corner .
We have made some adjustment on the prices , and this is renewed price list .
This is our rock-bottom price and we can't make any further reduction .
Then , what's your countr-offer ?
We are sincere to make business with you , but the difference between your counter-offer and our price is too great .
How about meeting each other half-way in order to conclude the business ?
Can I take your order ?
What kind of drink do you want with those ?
You can super-size your meal for only 39 cents extra .
How about anything for dessert like an apple pie or ice cream ?
Hello sir , how may I help you ?
I see , may I ask what the occasion is ?
Very well.This arrangement here is very popular among regretful husbands and boyfriends . It has a dozen long stem red roses with a couple of sunflowers and a single orchid that stands out . It includes a small teddy bear to achieve the effect of immediate forgiveness .
Mmm , well this is our “ I ’ m sorry I cheated on you ” package . Two dozen red roses lined with tulips , carnations and lilies . The fragrance and beauty of this flower arrangement is sure to make her forgive you .
I ’ m sorry sir but , what exactly did you do ?
That girl looks very attractive , doesn ’ t she ?
I ’ d like to , but there ’ s her boyfriend . He ’ s very broad-shouldered .
Do you prefer tall girls or short ones ?
We have different tastes . I like girls with short hair . I like tall girls-probably because I ’ m so tall myself .
No , never . I don ’ t think I ’ Ve ever met a girl taller than me ! Have you gained weight recently ?
Excuse me , I ’ d like to buy a guitar.Could you recommend one ?
An acoustic one .
What ’ s the difference ?
I ’ m mainly interested in learning to play rhythm guitar .
This one ’ s a little too expensive for me . I ’ d prefer something cheaper for now.When I ’ Ve learned to play , I might get a better one .
Hmm.All right , I ’ ll take it , and this book on how to play the guitar as well .
Oh , right.Thanks for your help .
Is Mr . Thomas there , please ?
I said , is Mr . Thomas there ?
Would you like to make a donation ?
It ’ s for the campaigns .
It doesn ’ t matter how much .
We go door to door asking for donations .
Like what ?
That ’ s a great idea .
Are we here yet ?
How far away is it ?
How many miles to go ?
Will we be there soon ?
Where's the hotel ?
I see that . That was a nice ride .
Excuse me , are there any more shopping carts ?
But there isn't a single one right now .
thank you , I'll wait here .
Thanks a lot . By the way , do you make the deliveries ?
Is it free of charge ?
Hi , Helen ! how is it going ?
Well , take it easy ! Don't let it get on top of you .
Why don't you take a few days off ?
Hello , this is Rich .
He ’ s not in at the moment . Can I take a message ?
Does have your telephone number ?
3725015281 ?
Right . I ’ ll have him call you back .
Sure can .
No problem .
I want to send some money to Nanchang . Is it handled here ?
I want to remit 1,200 yuan to my brother in Nanchang .
What's the difference ?
OK . I'll take T / T .
All right . Here it is .
Here you are . Thanks .
Here we are , Room 215 .
The telephone is by the end . Dial 0 for reception .
Yes , here's the menu . You can order from reception .
This is your mini bar . It contains alcoholic and non-alcoholic drinks and also a few snacks . Anything you use will be added to your bill . The price list is by your bed .
This is IBA Bank , Claire speaking , how may I help you ?
I'm sorry , could you be a little more specific ?
OK , I will have to take some details from you . Could you tell me your name , please ?
I'm calling to tell you the shipment has arrived in good condition .
Seattle restaurant . Is there anything I can do for you ?
May I have your name , please ?
Steven , have you got better now ?
I guess you miss your wife and children very much .
If necessary , I can stay here to accompany you until you are discharged .
Which of the steps are you focusing on in brandgrowth Awareness , understanding , acceptance , or loyalty ?
What are you doing to increase understanding in the European sector ?
But this place doesn't feel like a forty-ping apartment .
Oh ! The view is great ! Mountains , fresh air ! Stars ?
And we could get a dog !
John ! Wait a second ! I was just heading downstairs for a cup of coffee . You want to come ? I ’ Ve got some good news !
I am . Don ’ t worry about getting your wallet . It ’ s my treat .
Martin .
Great , thanks . What ’ s up ?
Have you heard that we will have reorganization ?
Yes , flexible , aggressive and creative people are urgently needed in the marketing department .
James is going to be packed off there .
Where are we going now ?
Where is it ?
What can we see in it ?
Anything else ?
Tragedy .
What's the specialty of your restaurant ?
I'm afraid I don't like seafood quite well . Would you suggest some others ?
Miss Sun , could you please type this report for me ?
Could you please double space it so I can make corrections ?
What's all the security check about , Jimmy ? Does it mean the bar may be a dangerous place ?
I don't know . Maybe the same . Actually , this is my first time being in a bar .
Sure . I love this place , especially the decoration . So tasteful !
Here it is . But , what for ? We're already in .
Yes , orange juice will be fine for me . But how can you get the drink ? It's so crowded there around the counter . You can barely move .
Hello , Sir . Are you still there ?
Did you check with reception at your hotel ?
OK , that's fine , Sir . We just need to ask you some questions for security purposes .
Could I have your name , please ? And do you know your card number ?
That should be fine , Mr Kowalski . And your PIN number ?
Please tell me how to file things according to the concerned rules .
What are they ?
And what is the most important point ?
What a nice day !
Great , let's go !
Exactly . You know , the sunshine and wind remind me of our honeymoon . You remember ? The island , the sound of the waves , the salty sea air and the sunshine ...
Why not go again to celebrate our one-year anniversary ? We can go to the same beach , stay in the same hotel and enjoy a dinner in the same restaurant .
Never mind that , I'll take care of it . Are you available next week ?
Ok . I'll make the arrangements . It will be great .
Good day , what can I do for you ?
Of course . Where are you planning to travel to ?
That's fine . If you are travelling outside of Mainland China , Hong Kong and Macao we need to follow the SAFE rules . This means that you can exchange 2,000 USD or equivalent .
If you'd like further information on this , there ’ s a guidebook in several languages on sale at the information desk .
I'm afraid we don't . Won't an English edition do ?
You sure are buying a lot of things online .
What are the advantages of buying online ?
Can you make the tea , Sam ?
Yes , there is .
It ’ s over there , behind the teapot . Can't you see it ?
There it is ! It ’ s in front of you .
There are some in the cupboard . Can you find them ?
What did you exactly do there ?
What do you think are the qualifications for being a doctor ?
Excuse me , Richard ? Are you busy at the moment ?
My fax machine ’ s on the blink . Would you take a look at it ?
Have you ever been involved in the auditing work ?
How long did it take you to become an auditor ?
How are your stocks doing , Jim ?
Yeah , I lost money investing in the internet too .
I changed my strategy around too . I invest in good companies now .
No . What happened ?
Fastback Travel . How can I help you ?
He's on holiday for the week , I'm afraid . Can I help ?
Sure .
You'd better spell that !
Right , I think I've got that . OK , what's the message ?
OK , will do . Bye .
Could you please pass me the salt ?
I'm sorry , sir . I'm going to have to ask you to leave .
Well , she apparently doesn't think it's so friendly . Let's go .
You'd better cooperate with me , sir , or ...
All of you have reported your achievements . I'd like to remind you that we must be aware of the threat we face .
Yes , we must keep a clear mind with the tough competition .
Good evening , sir . What's your pleasure ?
With or without ice , sir ?
Would you like to say ' when ' , please , sir . ( Pouring soda )
We have the orientation this afternoon .
The company introduction , our mission , vision , various policies , insurances , pension plan , company ID , batch , telephone , e-mail set-up and training .
Yes , it is not easy .
Wonderland Travel , may I help you ?
Certainly . The package includes air travel to and from Paris , accommodations , meals and transportation around the city .
I've got to get dad a Father's Day gift .
This year I'm going to get him a gag gift .
Well , we have a tradition in my family ...
Peter ? This is Steven from China . I've got the document you want .
That'll cost me a fortune .
OK . I'll try . But I'm not sure Federal Express picks up mail in this city . If that's the case , I'll send the package through Chinese express mail service .
May I have 5 tokens ? Here is the money .
I am going to the Central Park . Which train should I take ?
This is where we sing ? These booths are so comfortable I think I could fall asleep !
I'll have whatever you're having .
I'm looking for some lipsticks . Do you still have some in peach rose ?
Great . I'll take one .
Wow . That sounds like a bargain . I'm running low on facial moisturizer and powder . Could you ring those up for me along with the lipstick ?
Where is the shelf of best-sellers ?
Could you give me some advice on books for killing time on the train ?
Yes , very much . Which one is the latest ?
Thank you for your help .
May I take your order ?
All right . And would you like a salad ?
OK . What kind of dressing would you like ? We have vinaigrette , Italian , and French .
And would you like anything to drink ?
I am wondering if you have a room with twin bed .
That's wonderful . I want to stay for 2 days .
how's your new job going ?
how are you finding your new boss ?
would you rather have her or your old boss back ?
how about your new co-workers ?
do you miss your old co-workers ?
do people in different departments get along with each other ?
do you like working in teams with people from different departments ?
do you like working in teams ?
Can you book me a single room on March 31 ?
Dam it , I'm running out of money again , I really need to balance my budget and handle my money better .
But I make it .
I work hard so I deserve to enjoy , but that costs money .
The problem is that I have no idea . I didn't pay attention .
Hi , John Phillips ? I ’ m Rose Green . I ’ Ve been asked to handle your training and introduce a little bit of the company to you . It ’ s nice to meet you .
After a week , you ’ ll be running around here like a pro . Let me give you this list of departments first , next to each department is its location and the name of the manager .
Can I be of any help ?
Yes , of course . How about this one ? It's a new route .
Do you have a reservation ?
I'm afraid we have no reservation by this name .
I'm afraid all the rooms are fully booked .
You're right.We have no more rooms available for tonight .
Hi , Mike . I am going to move on the first of next month .
Yes , I am trying to find good movers now . Do you know any ?
What did you do for your last move ?
Oh . that's very nice of him .
How do you do ?
My name is Jane Greenwood.Glad to meet you .
Hi , What's for lunch ?
I was thinking of pizza .
Well , what do you want to eat ?
I ate a burger just the other day .
You could always get a burger , and I can get a pizza .
Where can we go to get both ?
You ’ Ve been a sales manager for three years . How do you like the job ?
If I may ask , are you happy with your salary ?
Is there a bonus system or any other incentive plan in place ?
What is your salary expectation for this position ?
What separates your product from the competition ?
Is the software user-friendly ?
Is this training part of the package or will it cost extra ?
Are you ready for your big interview tomorrow ?
Lots ! Have you done any research about the company ?
Have you updated your CV ?
what do we need to get from the supermarket ?
a crate of beer ? Why do we need that ?
we can buy a three-liter bottle . It works out cheaper per liter . We should buy a packet of butter and a few pints of milk too .
I think we should get half a kilo of minced beef and a few pork chops .
we should also get a tube of toothpaste and a bar of soap . Let ’ s get a tub of ice cream too . We can treat ourselves .
I ’ d like a few cans of coke . We also need a dozen eggs and half a dozen sausages .
You stink !
Welcome to Lincoln Bank . What can I help you with , Sir ?
Unfortunately , no , I can't . But our specialist can . Please take a seat and our Mortgage Adviser will come out to see you .
No problem , Sir . He'll be with you in just a minute . Could I get you something to drink while you are waiting ?
What a wonderful sight !
We are tired of jobs and competition . We need a quiet place .
So would I . Look , it might be going to rain .
It will give us better feeling and atmosphere if it rains .
Would you excuse me ?
I ’ Ve got a business call that I really need to take .
What do you think of this flat ?
Small , but it should be enough for our needs . I think .
That's true . But I love the living room ; it's huge and filled with sunshine .
It has a great balcony with an incredible view of the park .
Maybe we could get some new furniture . Better stuff .
Can I reserve a room from the 13th to the 18th ?
I'd like a suite . What's the rate ?
What's the rate for a station wagon ?
Good . I'll take it right now , if possible .
Of course . I have my own license and an international license .
A friend told me might find a room here .
What do you charge ?
OK . Would it be all right to look at the room first ?
Fill it up with premium , please .
No , that's OK . How much do I owe you ?
Could I ask some questions regarding to the social benefits ?
How long is my paid vacation every year ?
What about the insurance and housing policies ?
How often is the bonus ?
Do I have training opportunities ?
Well , I don ’ t have any other questions so far . I would like to think for a couple of days before I give you my final answer .
Ok , thank you for your time and patience .
Mom , my nose is bleeding .
No , mom . I didn't .
Excellent Cleaner ’ s.May I help you ?
Your name , please ?
I remember your name . Wait for a moment , please . I ’ ll check it for you . Is this black one yours ?
I see . Is this yours ?
It ’ s ready to go .
Good afternoon , ma'am . Can I help you find anything ?
We have a special on these skirts this week . Would you like to try one on ?
How about a blouse ? This one here is the latest fashion .
Why not try on this lovely pair of shorts ? I'm sure they'd look fabulous on you .
Is Tom available please ?
Sure .
We'd better have a brief talk about the loading port .
What's your unloading port , please ?
Hello , Fairbrook Consulting , how may I help you ?
Certainly , what day were you thinking of ?
Um . . . let me double check . . . unfortunately , she ’ s booked solid on Thursday , how does next Monday work for you ?
Sure , Tuesday ’ s perfect . May I ask where you ’ re calling from ?
How do you think the report I wrote ?
I jumped the gun .
Have you ever done your shopping at Whole Foods market ?
The food there is wonderful .
I prefer the food at Whole Foods .
Sons doesn't offer a lot of organic foods .
Yes , that's the place to go to get healthier food .
If you like Sons , then I'm sure you'll love Whole Foods .
What's up , how are you ?
Could be better .
I got on about fifteen minutes ago .
I usually just drive .
Yes , I have my own car .
I'm waiting for our President to lower the gas prices .
What is your name , please ?
How old are you ?
May I ask your birth date ?
Where do you live now ?
Then tell me your birthplace .
Ok , I know you are not a resident of Beijing . Where is your domicile place then ?
That's the transfer completed . Can I do anything else for you today ?
Could I have your Savings Book and the money , please . You are making a deposit of 800 RIB , is that correct ?
Please enter your PIN number on the keypad .
Doctor , here's my report for my IVP examination .
Oh , yes , is it dangerous ?
Do I have to have an operation ?
Good , I can still attend the Olympic Games .
Just whose fault is this damage ?
It certainly didn't arrive here that way .
How about taking the damaged portion at a lower price ?
I was thinking of 30 % off .
I ’ m glad to have the opportunity of visiting your corporation . I hope to conclude some substantial business with you .
I ’ m interested in your hardware . I ’ Ve seen the exhibits and studied your catalogues . I think some of the items will find a ready market in Canada . Here is a list of my requirements , for which I ’ d like to have your lowest quotations , C . I . F . Vancouver .
I ’ ll do that . Meanwhile , could you give me an indication of price ?
What about the commission ? From European suppliers I usually get a 3 to 5 percent commission for my imports . It ’ s the general practice .
You see , but I do business on a commission basis . A commission on your prices would make it easier for me to promote sales . Even two or three percent would help .
What's the cost of the trousers ?
Is there a price reduction ?
I have a question about my payment and need someone to help me .
I can ’ t figure out why my paycheck this week is smaller than last week ’ s .
I made a little bit of money , but not much .
I claimed the work I did on the last Continued Claim Form .
That being the case , I don ’ t think that I am going to show the income next time .
Hello ! We ’ Ve been waiting for our lunch order for over an hour . Did you forget our order ?
The name ’ s Stanley Morris and the order was for two chef ’ s salads .
Excuse me , is this the parcel post counter ?
( At counter 1 . ) Do you take parcels here ?
I want to send this package to Los Angeles , please .
I'd like to send it by regular mail .
Here is 200 .
I'd like to make a reservation to Los Angels for next Monday .
I'll need an economy ticket with an open return .
I guess that's OK . What time should I check in ?
Could I ask you for a favor ? My laser printer is out of ink and I need to print out something urgent . If you don ’ t mind , I would like to send you these files . Could you then print these for me ?
Thanks , Vivian .
Cute ... Here . These beans are already ground . Now for step three
You have to brew the grinds while they're fresh and drink it immediately for the best flavor .
There is no step four ...
This is the route I thought we could take on our hike on Saturday afternoon .
It ’ s about six or seven miles . That ’ s about ten kilometers .
Right . Then we turn left and walk up this small hill . The view from the top of the hill is worth the climb . We can eat a snack there .
We can spend a few minutes looking around the church . Then , we turn right and walk along this path .
Yes , we can , but it isn ’ t very interesting .
That ’ s right .
I think it will take about four hours , including breaks .
Bob returned from Japan last week . You know that ?
What does it cost to ride this bus ?
Have you been driving buses a long time ?
Do you like to drive the bus ?
I would have never dreamed of ever becoming a bus driver .
It was really fun chatting with you .
Have a good one .
Oh , my God ! What's this ?
Look ! This window is open .
Are you kidding ? It's winter . Why would I open it ?
No ! Oh , my God ! Someone has broken into the house .
I locked it when I left though .
I don't care about that , Allen ! What did he steal ? That's the question !
The TV's still here .
But what if someone's still up there ?
Have you got any outdoor interests ?
Oh , I know it . It is included in extreme sports . I think it's too dangerous for me .
I ’ m deeply grateful for all you ’ Ve done .
I have a sweet tooth . Chocolate is my favorite . So how about you ?
I can't stand being with you any more . I'm sick of your drinking .
How many chances have I given you , I've given up on you .
It's not just for your drinking . But you are lacking sense of responsibility .
Even if I was seriously ill you couldn't spare a moment .
Room Reservations . May I help you ?
In whose name was the reservation made ?
What was the date of the reservation ?
Excuse me , but is the reservation for yourself or for another party ?
May I have your name and phone number , please ?
May I take your order now ?
I recommend the roast pork chops .
Hey , Doug ! How ’ d it go at that meeting yesterday ? I know you were pretty anxious about it .
Great ! When do you take over ?
Is the room ready for the meeting , Miss Chen ?
How about the microphone and speakers ?
Good . Have you prepared some paper and pencils for the participants ?
Sandrawu Chunk International .
I can check that for you right now . Would you mind holding ?
Mr . Robson , I'm sorry . Our computer system is down . Could I call you back later ?
Yes , I have it right here . I'm so sorry about this .
Excuse me . which way is to the post office ?
Crown Hotel . Reservation Desk . Can I help you ?
What kind of room would you like , sir ? We have single rooms , double rooms , suites and deluxe suites in our hotel .
All right .
The current rate is $ 100 per night .
For $ 100 you'll have a radio , a color television , a telephone and a major international newspaper delivered to your room every day .
Excuse me , sir . But please call an ambulance . My friend suddenly got a sharp pain in the stomach .
Oh , is there ? Will you find someone to take us to the hospital then ?
Yes , he is .
Welcome to Al ’ s Garage . What seems to be the problem ?
Very wise decision . When was the last time you had a tune up ?
We usually recommend that you bring your car in every five thousand kilometers .
First of all , we change the motor oil and oil filter . If you don ’ t do this , it can cause your engine to wear faster and that means you would probably have to change the pistons and intake valves .
We also check your spark plugs , fuel filter , and other oil levels such as hydraulic fluid . We also check the clutch and brakes to determine when you will need new ones .
Which aisle has the produce ?
Are cherries on sale today ?
Welcome to IBA Consumer Credit . What can I assist you with ?
That's a problem facing many young families nowadays , and we are sympathetic to the problem . That's why we have just started a new scheme ; a Personal Automobile Consumer Loan .
What we usually do is find a suitable car dealer for you , who offer the type of car that you need . If it's a family car that you want , we have a very reliable dealer already contracted to us .
Yes . When you have decided exactly what you want and have a purchase price we can begin to process the loan . As long as you provide the proper documentation , of course .
A correctly filled in application form , ID card , proof of residency , proof of income , the agreement from the agent and of course the 20 % down payment .
The operation in the lab is radioactive and dangerous , so work with care . Have you got ear muffs and gloves ?
Yes , you have to . It is a safety rule of the company . You could not only lose your job but your hearing if you don't .
Can I help you ?
That's $ 38 , sir .
Sorry sir.We can't . Cash only .
Liz , do you have a minute ?
I need you to help me set up for my presentation Thursday morning .
Well , it isn't at this office . It's over at the Dayton Street office.Have you been there before ?
Good . So you will have no trouble finding it .
I will talk about developing sales through our website.All the branch heads will be there , and most of the staff .
Well , I need the display monitor.But Tom can set that up for me on Wednesday . I will need you to help with everything else .
I've got some great news for you !
yes , I'll be promoted to department manager .
thank you . Actually , I could not believe it at first . You know , there're so many outstanding people in our company . Many of them are qualified to fill that position .
thank you very much .
I appreciate it very much . You've been doing great . I expect to see you be promoted pretty soon .
next week .
I want to start a tradition of family vacations with our family right now before we have kids .
Yes , so this year we are going to take our first family vacation , just you and I .
I don't know yet .
I want to go all out if we can afford it .
About my driving test , did I do well ?
Are you telling me that I passed the test ?
What did I mess up on ?
Tell me .
That's not easy for me .
Am I still going to get my license ?
What do you think we need to do to get our new branch office running well ?
That ’ s very important . A friend recommended a good law firm to me . We ’ ll need someone to hire staff .
Yes . We have . We chose the location in the northeast of the city , not too far from the airport and on the edge of the CBD .
The offices there were too expensive . Have we negotiated any contracts yet ?
When will the branch office open ?
Has and advertising campaign been prepared ?
May I help you ?
Do you have an account with us ?
Do you want large or small bills ?
What denomination ?
Do you want the whole amount in traveler's check ?
I will take part in the finals soon .
Jim , what do you think of that first interviewee ?
Okay , what about the first woman ?
All right , and what about the older gentle ?
Ohhhh . I hate this part of my job .
Could I trouble you for a minute , Mr . Graham ?
I would like to leave a few minutes early today . Would that be all right ?
Maintenance Department . May I come in ?
Did you call us ?
What's the problem ?
Let me have a look . I think the batteries should be changed . Let me replace them with new ones . Now , it's working .
Is there anything else I can do for you ?
If you have any problems , just call us .
Melissa ? I ’ d like to invite you to my wife ’ s birthday party .
Her birthday is on the 9th . We ’ re going to have dinner at a Mexican restaurant , and then maybe go out dancing .
Let's go to Burger Queen for lunch . They have good cheese burgers .
Look at the long line , there are always a lot of people waiting in lines just for the cheese burger . It must be very delicious .
Come on . It is worth waiting . Their cheese burgers are really popular . Once you have it , you will love it .
Yup , they have good French fries as well . Not very thick , but crispy enough . You should try them with some mayonnaise sauce . That is the Belgium style . You will love it .
Come on . You just have it once in a while , not every day . It will not harm you .
Be patient . Good food never comes fast .
May I help you ?
You will need to wait a few minutes for fries . They're still in the fryer .
Your total comes to 7 dollars .
Thank you . Your cash back is 13 dollars . Pull into a parking states , and we'll bring you your fries in two minutes .
have you read the feature article about Oprah Winfrey in this magazine ?
apparently , she's being given an award for donating so much money to charity .
I heard that she's one of the wealthiest women in the world .
you know ; I heard that she was opening a school for underprivileged girls in Africa .
yes , she's not only building the school , but is also using her own money for the upkeep of the school and to pay the teachers a fair salary .
I agree . So many celebrities waste their money on sports cars , expensive clothing , and luxurious hotels .
What kind of jobs have you had ?
How did your previous employers treat you ?
What have you learned from the jobs you have had ?
When you worked in your previous company , which did you prefer , working with other people or by yourself ?
Excuse me , sir . Can you tell me where I can buy some chocolates ?
Thank you . How much is this kind of chocolate ?
Hello . This is Lucy from ABC Company . Is this Monica ?
I am calling to inform you that you have passed the first two rounds of interview . Could you please come for the final round ? It is scheduled on the morning of next Monday 10AM in the HR manager office .
Ok , see you then , bye .
Print shop . Seam speaking .
It usually takes 2 to 3 weeks to complete a job like that .
Good morning .
What's the problem ?
How long have you had that problem ?
Then , you'd better go to the Medical Department . But first , you should fill in the registration card and the registration fee is one Yuan .
Take the lift to the third floor and then go along until you see the sign on your right .
Johnny , have you tidied up your room yet ?
Do I have to remind you that your grandma is arriving tonight ?
Yes , so this place had better be clean . You know Grandma ...
Good morning , Madam . This is room service , may I help you ?
All right . What kind of room would you like ?
It's my pleasure . We have single rooms , double rooms , suites and luxury suites , ect . Well , here is an introduction to our hotel .
All right , madam . For which dates do you want to book the rooms ?
I see . Now please fill out the form .
Just a minute , madam . You should pay a deposit of 500 yuan beforehand .
Thank you . Please keep this receipt .
Yes , there is a 15 percent discount .
Good afternoon , sir , is there anything I can help you with today ?
Well , I would be happy to assist you in choosing the perfect gift for her . Is there anything particular that you have in mind ?
Well , you can give her a set of pearl earrings , or this beautiful heart-shaped pendant . What is her favorite gemstone ?
Don ’ t worry , we specialize in providing our customers a relaxed , pressure-free shopping environment . That stone is an amethyst . We have a range of beautiful amethyst pieces . Take a look at this bracelet . It ’ s 18K rose-gold , studded with amethyst and blue topaz . It ’ s a great statement piece .
We have this beautiful platinum pendant , or you could also get her a locket . You could also get her a timepiece — it ’ s both glamorous yet functional.If you tell me a little more about your girlfriend , maybe I can help you find something for her .
Perhaps you could give her a ring ?
Well sir , I believe your fifth anniversary is a great time to propose !
Hello , ABC Company .
I am sorry . He's out in a meeting now . Could I ask who is calling ?
He'll be back at about five in the afternoon . Could I take a message ?
Hi , are you busy ?
Okay , I'm putting together a report on the Allied Marketing Co . failure , and I seem to have run into a stone wall . Can you help me out ?
You were there when the problem started . I was hoping you could fill me in on the details .
Name it .
All right , I can do that , and as soon as we finish this , we can both work on my problem .
Give me the study . I'll start as soon as I get back to my office .
Good morning , I ’ d like to book a flight from Beijing to Shanghai , please .
I ’ d like to fly next Friday .
One-way , please . I ’ m flying back to London from Shanghai .
How long is the flight ?
Why did the boss come down on Joe like a ton of bricks .
How did he know that he had bad mouthed him ?
He is then in a very difficult situation .
What are you working on ?
What budget ?
How much money can you spend ?
Why only $ 300 ?
For what ?
Your budget is a good idea .
Could I speak to Mr . Wu , please ?
This is Kevin .
Hello , excuse me !
Yes . I wanna know where I can get on the bus going downtown .
Ok , I see . Thank you !
Evan , are you busy right now ?
Well , I need a hand with the fax machine . My fax is not going through .
Good afternoon , Mr Meng ! It's nice to see you today . It's been a while , hasn't it ?
I envy you , Mr Meng ! What can I do for you today ?
Right . Do you have the code for that one ?
What are you waiting for ? Get on that bus quickly .
On the bus . The driver collects the fares . You'll have to take your luggage on board .
I need somebody to come over and fix my internet .
For some reason it's just not connecting .
It hasn't been working the past few days .
It does , but it won't connect to anything .
Could you send someone to fix it today ?
When will they be here ?
What happens if we make a deal and thirty to sixty days after delivery the price goes down and you didn't get the best possible price ? How do I handle that ?
Right ! So how do I do that ? What will make you happy ?
Excuse me ?
What kind of change , just in prices ?
You mean on product availability , reliability and price ?
So it's like you want me to be your eyes and ears into the industry . I can do that , provided the company I'm working for isn't hurt .
Let's eat out .
Welcome to Bill ’ s Fabric World . What can I do for you today ?
Sure we do ! We have the best tailors in the country ! What is it that you need exactly ?
Excellent ! We have the finest cashmeres at affordable prices.How about we get you measured ? Let ’ s start off by measuring the width of your shoulders . Now , let ’ s measure the length of your arms and this bit around your neck here .
No problem ! Now for your pants , let me just measure your waist and the inseam .
Can you exchange this for US dollars , please ?
OK . Here .
Five tens , five fives and the rest in ones , please .
Welcome to Bill ’ s Fabric World . What can I do for you today ?
Sure we do ! We have the best tailors in the country ! What is it that you need exactly ?
Excellent ! We have the finest cashmeres at affordable prices.How about we get you measured ? Let ’ s start off by measuring the width of your shoulders . Now , let ’ s measure the length of your arms and this bit around your neck here .
No problem ! Now for your pants , let me just measure your waist and the inseam .
Sorry , I need a trip to the bog .
Good afternoon , Ma ’ am , My name is Mike and I am selling subscriptions to all sorts of periodicals .
Please ma ’ am , if you could spare five minutes of your time , I am sure we could find something that interests you !
We have a great variety of magazines all about cooking ! This one for example , is a bi monthly publication with recipes from all over the world !
Sure do ! This one is a quarterly publication , but each issue has over 200 color pages of recipes and also many home decorating ideas !
You mentioned you have a dog , most pet owners sign up for this weekly newsletter that has information on dog care , pet shops and even pet sitters !
Excuse me , could I have a menu please ?
I want to try the local specialty . Can you recommend me some ?
Why are you in court today ?
Is the officer that pulled you over here today ?
Tell me what happened .
The officer wouldn't lie about that .
There was no picture taken of your license plate ?
I'm just going to let you go .
Is that a no-smoking sign ?
What does that sign mean ?
How much is the admission fee for a student ?
Here you are . Where is the museum guide ?
Is it free ?
To start with , may I know why you are interested in working for our company ?
What was your chief responsibility in your past work ?
OK . Here's the final drawing ! It's for the trip !
Our red underwear didn't do any good at all !
So , what did you win ?
A bar of soap !
hello , this is the International Student Office . My name is Leah . How may I help you ?
ok . Can I ask who is calling , please ?
and what is your call regarding ?
ok , I'll try and put you through . Please hold .
... sorry , her line is busy at the moment . Can I take a message ?
ok . What's your number ?
let me repeat that back to you . That's zero , double seven , eight , seven , three , six , seven , double six , double eight .
I got it . When should I have her call you back ?
ok , Nathaniel . I'll have Ms . Collins call you back sometime tonight before 6 pm .
bye !
Hi , this is Tom Port . May I speak to Mr . Smith ?
No . Thanks . Can I leave a message for Mr . Smith ?
IBA , Maria speaking . How can I help ?
I'm here to help . Tell me your questions and I'll do my best to answer them .
What repayment period were you thinking of ?
A wise decision . If you decide to take out a short-term loan with us , say for 6 months or less , the interest rate shall be for that of a 6 - month loan .
Well , we could adjust the interest rate based on the original rate and the amount of days you actually borrowed the money for .
Can I reserve a hotel room ?
My name's John Sandals .
If my plans don't change , I'll need a room April 14 till April 17 .
Tell me how much it will be , and I can tell you if it's okay .
$ 308 a night ? That's a fair price .
Nonsmoking , please .
I have absolutely no problem with that .
Not a problem . The number is 626-555-1739 .
Hi , Mary , can I have a minute ?
Well , actually I want to tell you that I've put in notice .
Many reasons . I've been here for too long . Next year will be my five-year anniversary . I want a change of setting . Besides , our company is downsizing . I don't want to stay on just to be let go .
Maybe . But that's not kept the new boss from breathing down my neck . To be honest , I've got a better offer from another company .
Senior director of market research . In addition to a nice pay rise it has some nice perks , like a company car , one month paid vacation , and an apartment downtown . And it's an international company so I'll have lots of chances to travel and meet new people . I'm really looking forward to it .
Indeed . But let's stay in touch . I'll let you know how things go .
Hey ! A real cook gets down and dirty . Besides , I think I look good covered in baking mix ...
Well , your making cinnamon toast inspired me to go out and buy a waffle maker .
I know . You just add milk , eggs and a little oil to the baking mix and stir ...
Allow me to introduce my self.My name is Jack Black , manager of the company .
Pleasure is mine.Here ' s my card .
The May holiday is coming up soon . Are you planning on going on vacation ?
Where are you planning on going ?
I went a long time ago , before they built the new train that can take you there .
Personally , I think it ’ d be better to go when you have more time . A few days isn ’ t really enough to get acclimatize yourself and to go on a few excursions outside of the capital .
It ’ s a beautiful city , but I think it ’ s become too touristy . How about going to a cosmopolitan city like Shanghai or Hong Kong ?
Maybe you should consider going to a hot springs resort outside of Beijing . I heard they are very relaxing .
Since the May holiday is the high season , you should probably call ahead to reserve a room . Here ’ s the phone number .
Do you want to practice your driving right now ?
Are you buckled up ?
Start the car .
Take a left .
I'll tell you when to stop .
We're back now , so why don't you try parking ?
Jack , do say good-bye for me to the host . I've got to run .
My old man does not allow me to go back later than 11 p . m . Bye !
Oh , hey , Keri ! You cook , right ! You're a pretty good cook .
OK . I want to make an omelet , so actually this is really silly , I've never made one before . How do you make an omelet ?
OK . Yeah ! Yeah !
Oh , OK . Wow !
Wow . That sounds really good .
Wow . What fillings do you recommend ?
Hi there ! I am looking for a new car . I have this old Ford Pinto that I would like to trade in .
Perfect ! I like this one .
Sounds like a good car ! How many miles to the gallon ?
That is really convenient . Especially now that fuel prices are so high ! What ’ s under the hood ?
Now for the most difficult question . What is the price tag for this lovely vehicle ?
Hi , have you got the exact number of people who are going take part in this activity ?
They always push the time . How many of them are over fifty ?
OK , I see . As far as you think , how many buses should we get for them ?
I'll call the bus charter later . And have you announced the itinerary of this journey to all of them ?
That's possible . At that time , they can choose any activity they like .
Let me think ! Pills for carsick , traditional medicine for cold , some painkillers and something like that .
One more thing , have you got all people's phone numbers ?
Could you baby-sit for me tonight ?
Our dinner is ready .
Potatoes , tomatoes and cucumber .
It is said that greens can improve our metabolism . In addition , I want to keep fit .
I didn't buy any of it at all . Most health food are good for you , but don't taste good .
I am clear about your sweet tooth , so I made a mixed fruit dish for you .
Look , the printer isn ’ t functioning well . I ’ Ve pushed the start button . It is suppose to be working now but it remains like a log . What ’ s going on ?
I didn ’ t pay attention to that . I will try to get the paper out .
Good afternoon , sir . Please sit here .
How would you like your hair cut , sir ?
Very well , sir . Do you want me to trim your beard ?
Now have a look , please . Is it all right ?
Is that satisfactory ?
Do you want conditioner ?
Yes , sir .
How are you doing today ? How many in your book today ?
Smoking or non ?
Right , this way , please . Something to drink first ?
Wold you like to see menu first or wait for your friends ?
I can promise you that , if you buy our product , you will be getting A-l quality .
We spend a lot of money to make sure that our quality is much better . We won't sacrifice quality for quick profits .
Great , I'm glad we'll be able to do business together . I'll have some quotations ready for you by tomorrow morning .
sorry , Brad . But you are going to have to re-do this .
It ’ s badly organized . I can ’ t present this to the board .
Hello , you seem a little lost . Can I help you ?
I can do that for you . Could I see the Remittance slip ?
That's no problem . The amount is 2,000 RIB , is that correct ?
I just need to see some identification before I hand over the cash .
We'd like to welcome everyone to the Michelson Tools factory site , and thank everyone for being here today . My name is Paul Shafer , I'll be showing you around today . Please feel free to ask questions at any point during our tour , I'll be happy to answer questions for you .
That's an excellent question . I'll bet your wondering why we ask you to wear hard hats and safety googles while you's in the plant . The reason is simple , we care about your safety and we want to ensure there are no injuries today . As you will see , to maintain a high level of safety , we also require all of our staff to wear similar protective gear .
It should take about twenty minutes to go through the main plant , and maybe another ten to take a look at the laboratory . All together our tour should last about half an hour .
I can drink ten cups in fifteen minutes . I ’ m sure .
Did you promise me to get the bread ?
But you forgot to get the bread .
Well , I certainly did .
You are free . You can go now .
I'll do with the cake .
Can we talk about the working overtime issue ? What ’ s on your mind ?
Glad to hear that . Generally , it is 2 to 3 hours more than your working hours .
Hello , can I speak to Mr.Green ?
This is Steven speaking . I'd like to buy a stock .
I'd like to buy 1 000 shares of Duson .
Let me see . The offering price is near or at $ 88 .
Do you mean that I have to buy it at current price ?
I heard that this stock would go up . Hum , I will take it at current price .
Credit Services , how can I help you ?
Would that be our standard card , our gold card , or our platinum card ?
Well , the standard card has a lower credit limit , that's 20,000 RIB , whereas with the platinum card you can have a credit limit of 80,000 RIB .
It's all about credit rating and salary . If your credit rating and your salary are high enough , we can offer you the platinum card .
Yes , we have contracts with various luxury shops and health clubs , where if you use the card to purchase items from them , you can get some healthy discounts .
Can I help you ?
Yes , sir . Just as the sign says . How many ?
How many people are you paying the tax for ?
100 yuan each , so you owe me 200 yuan .
Here are your two receipts .
Just give these receipts to the lady at the door to immigration . Don't worry , she'll ask for them from you .
We are all the same the first time we travel overseas . You guys have a nice trip .
Hello ! So , you're back . Do you have everything with you ?
We will need detailed information regarding the full name of the company , the company address ...
And also , the bank and branch name the company holds an account with and the account number .
What's the purpose for this check ? Would you like to know its repayment capacity ?
As it's confidential there is a certain amount of red tape , but it shouldn't take too long . There is , of course a service fee of 300 RIB to be paid .
Good morning , and welcome to Live Tech . It is my honor to make this presentation for you . Let me begin by explaining some of our digital cameras ' selling points . You will see immediately that they are very stylish , but what you can't see is the cutting-edge technology inside . All of our cameras are light , compact , and easy to use .
Be my guest . Live Tech's digital cameras combine point-and-shoot simplicity with the ability to easily turn pictures into great-looking prints . Furthermore , it allows users to transfer pictures to a computer while the camera recharges .
Sure , Just push the button , like ...
I think you will find these are the best digital cameras on the market today .
Excuse me . I am looking for a book called Little Women , but I can't find it anywhere .
Will you have it later ?
Mom , I'm ready for school .
I don't have a fever , and I'm ready for my test .
I'm fine , Mom . I feel so much better . I want to go to school . I'm missing out on all the fun .
How can I get to Lakeside Park ?
Will it take me straight there ?
Good morning . What can I do for you , sir ?
Sure . Come to look at these styles . They sell very well .
How about these ? They are the current bestsellers .
Yes , I will find one for you . Here you are . It's made of exceptionally good quality , pure wool , and is very soft .
good afternoon , madam . How can I help you ?
first of all , we'll tailor a work-out plan according to your physical conditions and your personal needs .
well , we give each of our customers a qualified personal trainer . The trainer will give you a fitness assessment and then come up with the work-out plan .
since everyone is different , your personal trainer will help you find out all the exercise equipments that are suitable for you fitness level . Then you'llbe taught all the necessary techniques to us
that depends . We offer membership for one month , half a year and one year .
wise decision . that is 400 yuan . You'll find it's totally worth it .
Excuse me , sir , since my train leaves at 16:00 . Have you a 3 - hour tour ?
Well , I have just missed the place . How long does the tour take ?
I have found it quite different here from China since I came to the United States .
Some friends of mine took me to the mall to go shopping . It was so big . I think I could get lost if I went there alone .
Not really many . I was told that on weekends there were always the flea markets , so I decided to come to the flea market to buy a bargain .
I have heard about it while in China . it is called a " yard sale " . I didn't have any idea of that until today when I came here to the big " yard sale " .
Okay , here's the lease . Read it over before you sign it . As you can see , the deposit is $ 300 .
Yes , assuming there's been no damage to the apartment . Before you move in , you can make a list of any marks , scratches , and so forth that are already there .
May I see that ivory horse ?
It's genuine , I bet .
Congratulations ! I heard that you are going to take a two-week training course in the headquarter .
Sure it is . This is a changing world . Does the training course cover the new law and regulation issued last month ? They are very useful for us .
Well , good for you . I hope you can get what you want from the training .
George , did you remember to buy me the book ?
When will you buy it then ?
What can I do for you ?
Would you like regular car wash package ?
Well , we will wash the exterior form top to bottom . We use a special shampoo , which gives the body that extra shine .
Of course . We wash the windows inside and out .
We use a vacuum cleaner that removes all the dirt , and we throw away all of the trash that we can find .
Have you been taken care of ?
Is there any special brand you'd like ?
The franchised store is on the second floor .
Do you want some dessert ?
Oh , here comes our waitress with our check .
Yes , the service was quite good .
How much do you think we should leave for a tip ?
I agree that 20 % would be just about right .
Yes , what a nice dinner that was !
Taxi ! Taxi ! Could you help me load these luggage in the trunk ?
where are you going , Jane ?
I saw her yesterday . She was a little better .
No , you needn't . A number 13 bus will also take you to the hospital .
Yes . I caught a number 7 bus yesterday , and they said I had taken a wrong bus .
Excuse me , Don ? I hate to bother you , but I need your help on something . Do you have time to brief me on the Martin account today ?
I hate to make you work through your lunch break with how busy you are ...
How about this ... We can make it a working lunch this afternoon , and I'll order some Chinese food for delivery . It'll be my treat .
I insist . I really appreciate you taking time to work with me in . What is your favorite fast food ? I'll cater to your taste .
Can I make a reservation ?
7 o'clock tonight and there will be 5 persons .
Do you have a VIP room ?
Please point out the painful place with your finger . Is there any relation between the pain and the weather ?
Have you ever had any trauma ?
Does the pian become more intense at night ?
Do you have the sensation of ants crawling over the painful part ?
I'd like to treat you with acupuncture if you agree .
Acupuncture may cause just a little pain , but it also causes a certain feeling of numbness and distension . We'll try it every day for seven days . Will that be all right ?
Hello . This is Lucy from ABC Company . Is this Monica ?
I am calling to inform you that you have passed the first two rounds of interview . Could you please come for the final round ? It is scheduled on the morning of next Monday 10AM in the HR manager office .
Ok , see you then , bye .
May I help you ?
How long do you have ?
New York is full of place of interest , such as Times Square , Broadway , Wall street and Ground Zero and Statue of Liberty .
Excuse me , could you tell me which bus I should take to go to the railway station ?
How often dose this bus go there ?
I really can't wait that long . Are there any other buses that can take me there ?
Where can I find the bus ?
Thanks a lot .
Hello , miss . Check out please .
Sure , here you are .
Yes . I enjoy my stay here .
No , it hasn't . It's very dirty .
Mark should clean it . It's his turn .
No , it isn't . You always clean it after Mark .
Clean it now . Only lazy people say they'll work tomorrow .
Good evening , ma'am . Table for one ?
Will this table be all right ?
Certainly . How about this one ?
( Handing her a menu ) Your waiter will be here in a minute to take your order .
You're right . Watching movies at home is way cheaper than going to the theater , too . I like downloading movies too because it's easy and fast .
Have you ever heard of a movie rental company called Netflix ? They send the movies directly to your house in the mail .
Can you tell me what happened here ?
Did you see the car before it hit you ?
Which lane were you in ?
What was your speed then ?
Which direction were you coming from ? And which direction were you going ?
OK , please move your vehicle off to the side of the road . We will check on it . Do you feel like you need an ambulance , Miss ?
Good morning , Mr . Chu . Would you like me to brief your schedule for today ?
You are scheduled to meet Mr . Thompson of ABC Company at eleven this morning . Then , you have a lunch appointment with Mr . Li . And this afternoon at four you will attend a press conference .
All right . Do you want me to cancel the reservation for you ?
This shirt is really nice .
OK . I'll try on a medium size .
Where is the fitting room ?
It's too big tor me . Do you have a smaller one ?
Can I help you ?
Well , you heard right . You can get an excellent deal on a new computer here . We have great discounts for students .
Well , first let's consider your computer . Here , for example , is a system I highly recommend-the Power Macintosh G3 . it comes with 64 megabytes of total memory .
Yes , it is . It should be enough for any student needs you might have . What department are you in ?
Well , so you will mostly be using word processing , for writing papers . I recommend the Corel Word Perfect program for word processing . We can talk about software later . Let's talk about your hardware first . We have a special deal on right now . I should tell you about it , as it only goes until next Tuesday . If you buy one of these fifteen-inch color monitors with a Power Macintosh G3 , you can actually get 30 percent off the usual sale price .
Yes .
Yes . It's an excellent system .
Yes , it's a Macintosh . It's Apple . Mcintosh and Apple are the same thing .
I'm sorry , but our university computer center only sells Macintosh equipment .
Yes .
That's not true . Most of the students and professors in the university here use Macintosh . They find it is better for writing and word-processing , and that is what students mostly do . May I ask where you're from ?
Well , I know that in most Asian countries Apple is not very popular . But here in America , especially in universities and publishing companies , Apple is very commonly used .
There are several Chinese writing programs you can use with Macintosh . Chinese is no problem for Apple .
No , don't be sorry . It's reasonable to ask your friends . But believe me , most of the students here in the university-Asian students included-most of them use Apple .
Did you find everything ok today ?
Yes . But you must return it within 30 days .
There will be no charge at all . However you must show us the receipt . Could you sign it here , please ?
All right . Keep you receipt . If something comes up , you can show it to us and we will give you a refund .
Excuse me , here is my claim tag , but I can't find my baggage .
Just one piece .
It's a big leather suitcase with my name ' Lily ' on it .
What kind of jobs have you had ?
How did your previous employers treat you ?
What have you learned from the jobs your have had ?
When you worked in your previous company , which did you prefer , working with other people or by yourself ?
My name is Steven Smith and I'm calling to cancel my plane ticket .
It ’ s 7 p . m . today .
I need to continue to deal with my business . I haven ’ t finished it yet .
No . Thank you .
Excuse me . Can I get a ticket on the next flight to Frankfurt ?
What's the fare for a single ticket ?
Can you give me a special offer ?
How about a round trip ? Could you offer us something more ?
Hi . How can I help you ?
Yes , we are . What position are you looking for ?
I ’ m sorry . The application for this position has closed .
We have only one position open .
Gas Meter Reader . This is a wonderful job for the right person , regular hours , no night shifts , no supervisor behind you , and good pay .
Did you hear about that accident on the 5 ? There was a sixty-two-car pile up .
Early this morning .
Yeah . And a semi jack-knifed trying to miss a stalled car in the fast lane . You can imagine what happened after that .
The count is up to seven right now and several are in critical condition .
Are you OK there ?
Can I help ?
Ah ! It hurts . Don't touch it .
The shoulder .
It's not a cut . It's a gash ! It's bigger than a cut ! Ah ! I need a doctor .
I'm bleeding too much .
Yes . My bike has one under the seat . Get it , quick !
Wrap a few loops of the bandages around my upper arm , then twist.That will work as a tourniquet.After that , you can cut more of the bandages to cover the wound .
No , forget that ! Do the tourniquet first . I'm losing too much blood .
I ran it against that fence pole as I crashed . What do you think ? Damn , it hurts !
I'm lucky I wasn't killed . I must have been going around forty-five miles an hour.There was too much gravel on that corner . I slid out .
Make it tighter . I want the blood stopped.Then wrap some bandages around the cut . Then we can go . Ouch ! I hope I can walk .
Excuse me sir.May I come in ?
I'm sorry , but my sister was ill , so I
But it's true .
That's coincidence 。
I promise I will .
What's combined transportation ?
Why is it necessary ?
So , tell me , what makes you think we should give you a raise ?
Salaries are confidential , how do you know how much money these " other people " make ?
Those are company cars provided to the sales staff for their business trips . Also , some employees receive sales commissions . So good salesmen will naturally earn more .
I see your point . However , it might be hard to get a raise approved . Profits were down last quarter , and the whole company is tightening its belt , so anything that affects the annual budget
Waiter , can you come here for a moment ?
I'm afraid you've made a mistake . This isn't what I ordered .
And also this soup is cold .
I have been looking at this online catalog for over an hour and I still haven ’ t finished getting all the kitchen appliances that we need !
Well , the first thing on my list is a new blender . I decided to also get a juicer and a new coffee maker .
Yeah I know . I also decided to throw away the old toaster and get a new one . I am also getting a rice cooker and steamer to make some nice steamed fish or veggies .
Do you need any help ?
I like xeroxing .
OK , I will get right to that .
I just started working here .
I'd like to , but I am very busy .
Personal Loans , how may I help ?
Not a problem . We offer a Personal Loan for Studying Abroad for anyone who's studying overseas , regardless of the circumstances . Anyone is eligible to apply
Not exactly . Our policy states that the loange could be the person studying abroad , for example , you , or your direct relative or spouse .
There are no age limitations as such just that the loange should be below 55 years and of course , old enough to get a loan , meaning over 18 years of age .
Did you know that drinking beer helps you sing better ?
Well , usually people think I'm a terrible singer , but after we all have a few beers , they say I sound a lot better !
Then after a few beers , you'll be singing in Taiwanese ?
Hello , how can I help ?
That does depend on where you plan to travel . If you are planning to travel to Hong Kong or Macao we can exchange up to 1,000 USD for you . If your destination is elsewhere , we can exchange up to 2,000 USD .
What ’ s wrong ?
Oh no ! That ’ s terrible !
What happened ?
What are you going to do ?
Hello . miss . I am wondering if there is a meal served on this flight .
You have an unusual accent , Mr . Robbins . Where are you from originally ? If you don ’ t mind me asking .
I guess that must be what I ’ m hearing , I really couldn ’ t place it . Do go back to Madrid often ?
Good morning , Madam ! Can I help you ?
Oh , look at these two watches , aren't they lovely ?
How about this one ? It's graceful in style .
Sure .
500 dollars , Madam .
Surely . As this is the latest model , and you can also set the alarm .
Just do like this.Very simple .
Excuse me , what time do you expect to land in Berlin ?
Do you have any idea how long it will take to clean customs ?
Where did you work as a teacher before ?
What teaching experience have you had ?
Do you have wake-up service ?
OK . I understand .
Well , I would prefer you to call me up tomorrow at 6:30
Excuse me , Is this the bus I should take to get to the Central Park ?
Where should I change for the Park ?
But I don't know which stop is Tinge Depot .
Thank you .
Front Desk , may I help you ?
Is there anything uncomfortable in your room ?
May I have your room number , sir ?
OK . Mr . Wang , may I send a room attendant to check it for you first ?
( 15 minutes later ) Mr . Wang , we are deeply sorry for the inconvenience . The maintenance might last for a long time , may I offer you another room ?
Mary , you have found several companies that are hiring , right ?
Have you called to inquire about the positions ?
What's the matter ?
What a pity !
It's frustrating !
Wonder why they do that !
Don't be discouraged . Just keep trying and you will find a job eventually .
Well , this is certainly a nice place , Mr . Taylor . What sort of public transportation is nearby ?
Yes , two .
We send our kids to private school , but that ’ s good to know too .
Great . Well , we ’ ll have to think about it , but the place looks great .
Can you deliver it , please ?
In Camden Town .
All right . But I'm only in on Saturday .
Wow , this is the famous Empire State Building .
Would you like to go to the top ?
Hmm . You have three cameras . Are you a photographer ?
I see . And what's in this bag ?
I thought you said you didn't have any food with you today .
I'm sorry , Mr . Lee . Egg tarts are food too . We will have to confiscate these .
Yes , we will have to dispose of them .
I know . One out of every three travelers from Taiwan seems to be carrying them.They are being smuggled in by the thousands .
No , not today at least . Enjoy your visit to the United States , Mr . Lee .
Brooke , I have bad news .
I called the airlines to reconfirm the reservations today .
I'm sorry . I didn't reconfirm in time and they gave away half of the seats .
They said that they did . I've been so busy ...
I didn't think there would be a problem .
I'm sorry . We're still going . I got reservations for all of us on the 31st . It will be OK . Trust me .
That way they look longer .
Putting on mascara .
I won't .
Are you ready to go shopping ?
Good idea . Have you written down tea , eggs and potatoes ?
Let's just get both . Do you bring enough money ?
Hi , Jane . How are you doing this morning ?
Late night ?
My car has broken down . Could someone come right away and check it ?
I am on Route 80 , a few miles east of the University of Utah .
I am starving .
I'm still hungry .
I just need a snack .
I don't have the slightest clue .
I'm not sure what kind I want .
I think I will do that .
I've known from your resume that you are a college graduate .
What did you take as your major in college ?
What kinds of work were you in charge of in the previous company ?
All right , I see . Why do you want to work for a Sino-American joint venture enterprise now ?
Well , Mr . Zhang , you must know , what we need is a capable accountant , and we won't have enough time to tell him some other things .
Are you ready to order now , sir ?
What would you like to have for your appetizer , sir ?
And what would you like to have for the main course
Apple , banana and strawberry pie .
And what would you like for dessert ?
What flavor would you like ?
Waiter , the meat is overdone .
Is it ?
Welcome to our bar !
Here is the wine list .
What would you like ?
What about cocktail ?
I recommend Mao Tai , it's the best liquor in China .
Here you are , sir .
Johnny , are you just sitting around again ?
I'd say all you've done is moved the dirt from the windows on to your face and hands . Disgraceful !
Your best isn't good enough . Back in my day , I'd clean a whole hospital with a toothbrush and spit , and it'd be twice as clean as this sty !
Have you been feeling OK lately ?
Has anyone ever told you that you had high blood pressure ?
People with high blood pressure seldom know they have it , which is why we call it the silent killer .
We will pump air into this cuff to get a reading .
It tells me how hard your heart pumps blood and how much your arteries relax at rest .
Hello , sir . Can I help you ?
What size are you looking for ?
How about this one ?
What color do you like ?
How about that one ?
Sure . There is a changing room behind you .
There isn't much rice , is there ?
Are there any potatoes ?
I'm very hungry , Donald . What can I eat ?
But I want some rice and some meat .
Good . By the way , who's going to cook the meat ?
Have you read the new rules about using cell phone at work ?
Well , but for this one , don ’ t bring your cell phone to meetings , I think it is not reasonable . What if there are some important calls ?
What would you like for dessert , sir ? We have a choice of cake or ice cream .
oh , well , perhaps you'd like a cup of coffee or tea instead .
I have been getting headaches almost every day lately .
I never had very many headaches before , but the last few weeks I have been getting a lot of them .
My mother just passed away last Tuesday .
I have been working really hard , and sleep has not been a priority .
No , I haven ’ t hit my head .
Daniel . Mind your eye !
Can you help me with my timesheet ?
No , I don't know where to find one .
Yes , I can do that .
No , I don't know what that is .
Yes , I understand how to do this .
That was easy !
May I help you , sir ?
Should I take a look at your battery ?
Your car is ready .
250 yuan , please !
OK darling , I got some pizzas , potato chips , hot dogs and lots of cheese !
Humph ! Right , so what did you get ?
Organic ? What ’ s organic ? Do we need organic carrots ... ?
Oh , so organic vegetables are the ‘ green ’ option , right ?
Wait a minute , what's that ? ... Doughnuts ? They organic doughnuts , Kelly ?
Have you packed our passports ?
Of course . Otherwise I cannot go abroad .
Not at all . But we do need to keep it with us all the time .
Good morning , sir . Have a seat please .
Sure , here is my business card . I'm James Wilson . Let me explain to you how things are . In recent months , the demand for residential properties has become extremely high . The price of residential properly has risen almost twenty percent .
Don't worry , sir . I think it's a seller's market right now . Let me get down some information about your apartment first . what is your property's address ?
What is the square footage of your property ? How many bedrooms and living rooms ?
What is the orientation and view ?
The market price for Tong House is around five thousand Hong Kong dollars per square foot , but it also depends on the internal layout and condition of the house .
May I have your name and contact number , Sir ?
Thank you , Mr . Johnson . May I ask you one more question ? When will your property become available ?
Also , Mr . Johnson , I would like to remind you my company will charge a commission equivalent to one percent of the transaction price in the event of a successful selling of the property through our introduction .
Thank you very much . I will introduce your property to our clients . When they want to see your property , I will give you a call .
Which movie is your favorite to watch ?
Is that right ? Why ?
You're right . That movie is hilarious .
I went to see it the day it came out .
I couldn't help laughing , either .
I bought the movie . Would you like to come to my house and watch it ?
Have you been taken of , miss ?
We have quite a variety of shirts here .
Silk . You have a good taste . It's excellent for its handiness , elegance and beauty .
Good morning . I want to apply for a job in A your company as an assistant . Could you tell me the company address , please ?
Yes , please .
Are you being served , Sir ?
Would you sit here , please ? How would you like it cut ?
What , your short already , sir .
Should I just trim it ?
Oh , I see . You like Chinese style , don ’ t you ?
Would you like to have some shampoo , sir ?
How about oil or spray ?
There , how ’ s that ?
Are there any interesting articles in today ’ s newspapers ?
Is there anything of interest to us in the business sections ?
Are the reports favorable ?
That ’ s interesting . They must be thinking of moving into that market . Are there any interesting editorials ?
I ’ m not surprised . That article certainly added fuel to the debate . Ok . Thanks . Can you leave two articles and the advertisements with me ? I ’ d like to read them .
I want to get some cable .
What packages do you have ?
What else have you got ?
Is there a package with basic and movie channels ?
Let me get that package .
That's everything , but can I add channels later ?
Would you please wait this letter to see with the postages ?
By ordinary airmail please .
A post order for four hundred dollars .
Will I be informed that my friend gets the letter ?
I think we should do the floors before we work on the curtains and walls .
Hmm Maybe you're right . But I can't stand all this green carpet here . And besides , I know how to paint . I will just cover everything with drop cloth . I won't get anything on the floor .
Yes , I'm sure I've done a lot of house painting in my life . And my mother was very picky . If I got even a tiny drop of paint on her furniture , she would get furious . So I learned to be very careful .
Absolutely not . We can remove the carpet ourselves . Carpet is held down with carpet nails . You just need to pull it hard and it will come up .
Yes . But we should hire someone for that . That will probably be expensive . And it has to be done right .
What are we going to eat for dinner ?
I thought you were making dinner tonight .
Your food tastes so much better than mine .
You really want me to cook tonight ?
No problem .
Would you like me to come get you when the food is done ?
Jim , could you do me a favor ?
My car has a problem starting . Could you please take a look at it for me ?
Are you sure ?
Thanks for helping me out . I really appreciate it .
Personal Finance Department , Lucie speaking , how may I help ?
That's no problem . What exactly would you like to know ?
We have a wonderful new service which provides a wide range of banking services , 24/7 , wherever you are .
What would you like to drink ?
Forget about the coke . Let's drink some wine , shall we ?
What would you prefer ? Red wine or white ?
Excuse me , could you tell me how to get to the Cross Bakery building ?
Oh , you're kidding ! I thought I was heading east .
Okay , let me see if I've got that . I need to go down Elm until I hit Broadway , then I make a left and the building is on my left hand side . Is that right ?
Could I speak to Mary , please ?
This is Bob . Where have you been , Mary ? I have been trying to get on to you for the last half hour . Don ’ t you leave your home at 7
I arrived this morning . I would have rung you before but I have been terribly busy all day attending a conference . It has only just ended . Are you doing anything tonight , Mary ?
But that is terrible ! I am only here for one night !
I didn ’ t know myself till this morning when my boss suddenly dashed into the office and told me to rush up here to attend the conference .
Yes , he does but when he was driving up here last night he had an accident and was taken to hospital . So I am doing it instead . Mary , Must you go out tonight ? Couldn ’ t you get out of it ?
No , I will stay another day.my boss will get over it . Would you like to meet me for lunch tomorrow ?
It is all right . I will call the boss and tell him I am staying another day . I stayed an extra night in Boston last month and he didn ’ t seem to put about it .
I will tell you tomorrow . See you tomorrow , Mary .
Evening , table for three , please .
Yes , I do . I have made reservations under the name of Wang .
No smoking , please . Could we have table by the window ?
What am I supposed to do with this plastic cup ?
How , exactly , does this work ?
When I finish , what should I do then ?
What is my doctor testing me for ?
Will I know the results right away ?
Hi , Mike , where are you going ?
At this time ? Why don ’ t you go there tomorrow ? It is almost dark .
But I have seen many toys in your home .
But if he always destroys toys and asks you to buy new ones , what will you do ?
And you still buy him new ones ?
How do you choose which companies to work with ?
Do you think I could use your car tomorrow ? I ’ Ve got a date with this girl , see ? And ...
Nine thirty ? That ’ s no good . Couldn ’ t I have it a bit longer ? Even if I fill up the tank ?
Welcome to Game World . What can I do for you ?
Sure . This one here just came out . It's got great 3D graphics and a cool story line . It's also got a multiplayer function so you can play against other people on the Internet .
This one is also really cool . It's a sci-fi game in which you have to stop an alien invasion . The graphics on this one are spectacular .
Hello , this is Peter Dixon from NEZ news radio . May I speak to Mr . Wilson please ?
Good morning , Mr . Wilson . I ’ m calling to confirm the date of the next interview program .
Excuse me , I'm looking for your 3 - liter Pepsis , the ones that are on sale this week . There don't seem to be any in the soft drink section .
Yes , I would , thank you .
Tom , this is Mary Bobbins . She ’ s just come over from sales .
Yes , she ’ ll be working closely with you on the marketing end of things .
I'd like to pick up my package .
Could you show me your ID , Please ?
Please come in and sit down . I ’ m happy to finally meet you .
I ’ m sorry I kept you waiting .
Thank you . Can I get you some coffee or a cup of tea ?
Good , then let ’ s get to the interview .
Dentale Associates . I'm afraid there's nobody available to answer your call . Please leave your name and telephone number and we'll call you back . Please speak clearly after the beep .
What sort of shift-system do you operate ?
Do you ever have to do the night shift ?
Could you tell me which kind of payment you'll choose ?
Will you please have the check certified ?
It's just our policy . We would accept a certified check or a direct bank remittance .
Hi . Can I help you with anything ?
Sure . Let me get it out for you . What is your size ?
Here you go .
Actually , we have a few to choose from . They are over here .
Oh . I'm sorry . I'll check the price for you . It is $ 199 .
Yes . Why don't you try this one on .
Sure . Here you go .
Sure . Take your time .
Do you want an IBM-compatible PC or a Macintosh ?
Well , what do you plan to use your computer for ?
What can I do for you , Madam ?
What size do you take ?
How about this pair ? They're well-made .
In fact , They'll stretch a bit later .
All right.Here you are .
Hey daddy ! You look great today . I like your tie ! By the way , I was wondering can I &
I haven't even told you what it is yet !
Do you think I could borrow the car ? I ’ m going to concert tonight .
Egg ! I told you about it last week ! Smelly Toes is playing , and Eric asked if I would go with him !
Duh ! He's like the hottest and most popular guy at school ! Come on , dad ! Please !
Fine then ! Would you mind giving me 100 bucks ?
What ’ s up ?
Yes , . Do you mind I have a look at your computer ?
Well , it has nothing to do with virus . The problem is your attachment is a bit larger . It has exceeded the e-mail capacity .
What's good today ?
How is it done ?
Sound nice , I will try it .
What's the soup of the day ?
Don't throw paper on the floor , Bill .
Put it in the waste-paper basket , please .
In that case , take the basket outside and empty it .
Where did you empty the basket , Bill ?
Are you all right ?
What's going on ?
Are you serious ?
Did he hurt you ?
I can't believe that .
I'll take you , if you'd like .
Excuse me , would you like to be our guide ?
It's our first time to be here , so would you please arrange a schedule for us ?
Listen , Karen , I need your help . I don't know anyone here yet .
My mother-in-law just went into the hospital in L.A.Hank and I will be flying there tonight .
Doctors aren't sure yet.But the real problem is Suzy . She has a bad cold , and we don't want to take her with us . But we don't know who can stay with her .
Yes , I'd ask Jill , the girl I've had before , but I need someone overnight.Maybe even for two nights .
I don't want to do that to you , Karen .
Your own kids would get Suzy's cold . I think it would be better to have a good babysitter here . But I don't know who to ask . I need someone more mature than Jill . It might even be for two or three days .
I'd like to talk with her.This is short notice , I know . But Hank and I are leaving tonight .
I'm glad you know someone . I knew you would be the best person to ask about this . I don't want to insult Jill or her mother . I think Jill maybe could do it.But I'd rather have someone a little older .
So click here , then up to the top .
Then open that window . Yeah , that one .
And that's it . You're done .
Hello , I set up my laundry yesterday , are they being ready ?
Oh , no . I ’ m leaving for Japan at eleven this morning .
I thought it the same day service . Anyway , please do a hurry .
Well , then . Would you send to Japan , please ?
Excuse me . I lost my way . Could you tell me where the scholar cinema is , please ?
Is that near here ?
Good morning , sir . Can I help you ?
Please fill out this deposit form , first .
No , that's fine . Do you bring your bankbook with you ?
Wait a moment , please .
Is there anything else I can do for you ?
The deposit rate is 0.8 % every month .
Excuse me , doc . I am not feeling well . Can you help me ?
No , I haven't . Where do I go for that ?
Yes .
No , I'm here all by myself .
But I don't know where the registration office is .
Do I have to come back here after getting registered ?
Gynecology ?
I really appreciate your driving me around .
It would be hard for just me to do it . I don't know the city at all .
This one sounds good.Efficiency with view of the lake.Utilities and parking included . Newly remodeled kitchen . $ 470 .
No , I guess not . But that's what I want , isn't it ? An efficiency .
How about this one ? Downtown efficiency . Furnished ... What does furnished mean ?
That's good .
Furnished . Parking included . $ 400 .
Yes , but it's downtown . I would like to take look at this one .
256-7797 .
This one . Two male grad students seeking roommate.Must be quiet . Comfortable downtown apartment.Does this mean I have to share a room with them ?
That sounds alright .
Here's the number , 256-4367 .
Sounds good to me . I really appreciate your help on this .
I have a sore throat and my chest hurts .
Two or three days now .
What do you think I ought to do ?
I'm going crazy .
I've got a dozen things to do and they all have to be done immediately .
Excuse me , Miss . I feel like vomiting . Can I bother you for some ice water , please ?
Fine , please .
Thank you very much for your kindness .
Come to think of it , there is one rule in this house , Mary .
When you go out with friends , I don't want you to stay out too late .
We maintain a curfew for Cindy because she's just 16 .
You can stay out till 10 p . m .
What is this for ?
Okay , thanks .
Could I be of any help to you ?
Do you like miniskirt ? It's popular among young girls . The pleated skirt also sells well .
What about the divided skirt ?
Excuse me , professor . I need to go home now .
I just feel funny .
I have a terrible headache .
I already have some medicine at home if I could just get there .
Thank you , but the bus stops right at my house .
so , have you seen all three The Lord of the Rings movies ?
that's the Return of the King , right ?
I thought the special effects were amazing , but I got a bit confused . The plot was too complicated for me .
no . did you ?
yes , trying to keep track of all the characters was quite confusing for me .
most movies are . Another problem for me was the film was dubbed in German with English subtitles .
I heard that The Return of the King was nominated for 11 Oscars .
How may I help you ?
Everything on it ?
Would you like fries with that ?
Would you like anything to drink ?
Will that be all ?
Your total comes to $ 5.48 .
Excuse me , sir ? I ’ m afraid this is a no-smoking area .
I ’ m sorry , sir . Smoking is not permitted in this area .
Ladies and gentlemen , we are heading towards the first spot of our trip-the Louvre .
Yes . There are so many famous paintings on show . I am sure it will be an unforgettable trip .
Hi ! What are you watching ?
Wow ! So many people ! Where are they and what are they doing ?
Why do they go there ?
When muslims pray , they face towards mecca .
I heard about that . The pilgrims must walk around a large , sacred black stone .
Pilgrimages are common in many faiths .
Isn ’ t there a place in france where people go to get healed ?
Do you think that there is something magical about that place ?
Very good . Now , I have a couple of final questions .
Well , why should we hire you ?
Impressive ! So , what would you consider to be your greatest weakness ?
Great ... Well , let me tell you that I am very pleased with this interview . We are short-listing our candidates this week , and next week we will inform our short listed candidates of the day and time for a second interview with our CEO .
Wow . That girl who brings the fruit is really pretty ! I wish she wouldn't have rushed off so fast ...
" Tie a Yellow Ribbon on the Old Oak Tree " ? ! Where did you learn that song ?
I'm concerned about your car .
But I think I can help to fix it .
I feel terribly bored . I'm going to take a job .
Then I can buy my own car .
And pay for my own clothes .
Excuse me , is this where I can catch a bus to the museum ?
Thank you .
Yes .
Yes , I've got some coins . How much is the fare ?
I see . How often does this bus run at this time of day ?
Can I take a picture ?
What a pity . Do you have reproductions of this paint ?
Welcome to our Colonial Tramcar Restaurant , ma'am . Where would you like to sit ?
All right . Come with me , please . Here is your seat , ma'am . Would you like to order now ?
What would you like for a drink ?
What kind ?
Would Chablis be all right ?
What would you have for a la cane ?
Can I help you , sir ?
Oh , this way please.What size do you wear ?
How about this one ?
All right . I'll show you something darker.Do you like this one ?
Of course.Let me help you .
$ 280 .
What kind of jobs have you had ?
How many years have you worked as a Production Manager ?
Would you like to tell me something about your outstanding achievements ?
Wonderful . Then how many employers have you worked for ?
Then have you received any award at your present company ?
How would you evaluate the company you are with ?
How would your colleagues evaluate you ?
Can you get recommendations from your present employers ?
Do you have any questions ?
This is our best product .
They'll be done before the end of the week .
Doctor , may I ask my mother ’ s condition ?
Oh my god . Please save her life .
I see , D . But I plead you to help her .
How long do you expect her to live ?
Well , It ’ s not as crowded as we excepted , is it ?
Yes , Let ’ s .
Excuse me , sir , could you please tell me the way to Aidan Bookstore ?
Er ... Is it far from here ?
Then I'll walk.Many thanks .
What are your terms of sale ?
My understanding is that CIF means the seller is responsible for prepaying shipping costs and arranging for the insurance policy .
Is it possible to consider FOB ? That way , we will handle the insurance through our broker .
I ’ m thinking about redecorating my bedroom . I bought this magazine in order to get some ideas . What do you think of this ?
I ’ d like to have the bad and the wardrobe .
Yes , it would . It ’ s very expensive though .
Yes . I ’ m sure I could find something similar at one . I ’ d also like to get a new carpet for my bedroom .
Excuse me , can you tell me where the breakfast cereals are ?
Are the snack foods in that area , too ?
Okay , I'll go take a look . Thank you so much for your help .
How are you , Mr . Stone ? I m Farley .
Please have a seat . I know our employment officer has already given you information about your employee contract , but I'd like to go over the main details again before signing . First , you'llbe getting a monthly salary , with one month paid vacation after one year of employment .
Shall we have some soup first ?
Ok , and what about the main course ? Which would you rather have , fish or meat ?
Don't you like fish then ?
Shall we have some white wine then ?
What would you like for dessert ?
Fine , and after dinner , shall we go to a disco ?
How long have we had the A3 printer in the sales department ?
I'm not sure but there seems to be something wrong with it . Is it still under guarantee ?
Excuse me . I ’ m a stranger here and lost my way .
Sure . Can I get to the central department stall this way ?
Is it far ?
And do you know where the national bank is ?
Thanks very much .
Good morning , sir ! Please know some about our latest products .
They are our products . Please come in and have a look . This is the catalogue for our products .
Of course , here you are .
Would you sit down and write down your name and address here ?
Welcome to IBA . How can I help you ?
Oh , yes . I remember . You must be Mr Xie . It's nice to put a face to a voice .
JD185649000023 ? Yes , found it . 175,000 Euros , is that correct ? JD185649000023 ?
Yes , you can . Just wait a moment and I'll do that for you now .
Were you able to get a look at the suspect's face ?
I must ask you to pick him out of a line-up .
Look closely at the five men in this line-up .
Do you see the suspect ?
What number is the suspect ?
Thank you for all your help .
Hurry up , will you ?
Good evening . Welcome to Mansion Hotel .
Last name , Rodgers ?
Very well . Welcome , Mr . Rodgers . Would you please fill out the registration card ? How are you doing today ?
Mr . Rodgers , how would you handle your account ?
I will check to see if there any messages for you ? Well , here is one message for you .
Certainly , I can take care of that for you . What time would you like the wake-up call ?
Mr . Rodgers , this is George . He will take care of your luggage and show you to your room . If there is anything I can do for you , please let me know .
Morning , Mum !
No , I am not ill .
Nothing .
I ... I failed to pass the examination . How I wish I had studied hard .
I'm going to the United Stated to attend my daughter's commencement .
Yes . But I will not take much cash with me I can ask the bank to give me the traveler's checks . So it will be safer .
I will go to the bank , give them my check , show them one piece of my identifications , and the most important thing is that I should sign my name to endorse the check .
Is there anything I can do for you ?
Did you have anything particular in mind ?
Well , we have some handmade products . Let me show you some .
About how much were you planning to spend ?
Oh , in that case . This one is OK .
What are you doing this weekend ?
I'm not sure yet .
What movie are you going to see ?
There's nothing I can think of .
No , thanks , maybe another time .
Welcome to Lens Magic , ma ’ am.How can I help you ?
Well , we ’ Ve got several point-and-shoot cameras.These are all 35mm compact cameras with auto-focus and a built-in flash.We also have these Polaroid cameras .
Yes , it does.But you can turn it off if you want .
Lili , let ’ s take a vacation !
Well , Lili , we can visit different places in the state in our van . We are not going to take a plane or stay at a hotel this time . Trust me , it won ’ t cost much .
In the van .
Let ’ s see . Gas , food , recreation , we won ’ t spend much . Come on . Don ’ t hesitate . We need to get out of the house once in a while . We have been working hard , haven ’ t we ?
The sooner the better ! I can ’ t wait !
As long as we ’ re going , you can decide where to go . I trust your judgments . I know you miss Chinese food , so we can eat at a Chinese restaurant this time .
Hi . This is the Customer Service . How can I help you ?
Is it under warranty ?
Yes , it is still covered by our warranty . Tell me the mode number of your vacuum , please .
What ’ s your address , your name and your phone number ?
Okay . There are two Customer Service Offices in your area . The nearest one is Chadwick and Hacks Appliances .
Sure . 878 Fennel South .
You have to call the office first .
Dear fellows . As you know , Mr . Ross will be leaving us very soon after his short but meaningful visit to our company .
Just as what I said in my welcome speech , Mr . Ross's visit to our company is meaningful for both our two companies . Thank you very much for your visiting . We will miss you all the time .
That's our pleasure . Mr . Ross , your visit leaves gorgeous memory here . And I hope Mr.Halmiton , the president of your company can also have the chance to visit our company soon . Remember me to him , please .
What makes you think you are able to do the job ?
What kind of work were you responsible for in the past employment ?
I call this meeting to order . Thank you all in attendance today , I know it's a busy day for you all . We have a lot of material to cover today . Did everyone get an agenda ?
We should be able to finish everything up before then . Let's run through the major points first , and see where we're at . The first matter of business is to approve the minutes of our last meeting .
Good . Do I have a second ?
motion carried . Now , next on our agenda is our budget review . Margaret , can you please fill us in on where the budget review stands ?
What kind of action is required ?
Let's speed up . We're going to be late again .
Everything's gone wrong .
What are we going to do now ?
How do you feel about this restaurant ?
I really enjoyed the food .
I enjoyed the fish the most .
The macadamia cake was out-of-this-world !
Yes , the service really added to the experience .
Ann , let's go , or we will be late .
It is already 10:25 .
What time did you say the train is leaving ?
Yes , but what will happen if the bus is late ?
( still on the bus . ) What time is it ?
Good afternoon . Which service do you require .
What you need to do is apply for an amendment on your existing L / C .
You'll need to fill in this application form and there is a charge of 30 US dollars for this .
: How are you , Mr . Ding ? I ’ m John Brown .
Please have a seat . I know our employment officer has already given you the information about your employee contract , but I ’ d like to go over the main details again before signing the contract . First , you ’ ll be getting a monthly salary , with one month paid vacation after one year of service . No probation is involved .
You ’ ll be covered by our medical plan while on duty . Since you ’ ll be middle-anagement , you , re expected to be available up to one hour past normal working hours . Any approved overtime that will be paid at time , which you can take as salary or time off .
A reasonable number of sick days will be covered by the company . Any extended illness will be covered by insurance . Have you read the other terms of the contract ?
Do you have any questions ?
Yes it is , but you ’ ll have to discuss the details with your manager .
Excuse me . I have booked one ticket on BN118 for tomorrow.But now I've changed my plan.Can you help me refund the ticket ?
Here is the ticket .
I'm so glad we decided to go on a cruise for our vacation .
Ah , that's all part of the fun . What do you think of these shorts ?
They are . I think I'm going to get a hat too .
Wow . You look great .
Excuse me , sir . I can't find my baggage . Here is my claim tag .
One is a small-size Nike in red and the other is a big one in black . The two are tied together .
Hello . Can I talk to Miss Li , please ?
Miss Li . Li Lin .
Come on . I know Li Lin is there . Let me talk to her .
Sure .
It's 423-6681 . Isn't it right ?
I'm sorry to have bothered you .
Can I try this dress on ?
Well , I like the styte , but I don't think the color fits me . Could you bring me a green one ?
Excuse me , young man ?
Could you point me in the direction of the bank ? I ’ Ve lost my way .
Your luggage is over 8 kilograms .
You have to pay the excess luggage charge , please .
You look bright-eyed and bushy-tailed .
Congratulations ! Let's get together sometime .
Well , I am worried to death right now ! There is still no news from the company for me .
I would like the two clothes washed .
Thank you for your reminding.Yes , please have it dry cleaned .
Mr Moon , how good to see you again .
Well , Corporate Agreement Savings will be based on the Agreement Deposit Contract signed by the customer and the bank together . So , this contract decides the terms and the line of basic deposit withheld while settling the account . So , if we look within the line of basic deposit , the interest should be counted at the rate of Current Deposit on the day of settlement or withdrawal .
If it goes beyond the basic deposit , the agreement will be settled at the rate agreement savings which has been determined by the People's Bank of China on the day you wish to settle or withdraw .
You have to help to the laundry today .
Kenvir ? Hi , it's Alice . I'm very sorry that I have a big favor to ask you again .
Well , I've got a huge load of typing and Mr . Brown has insisted I get it done by tomorrow afternoon . Could you help me to type half of it ?
I have to go up to London for a couple of days next week.Would you like to come ?
Well , I prefer to go on the train , but I suppose you want me to take the car .
And I've got to drive.You know I'm not fond of that . I found it much more relaxing to sit in the train .
But very much quicker.But I know we'll never agree on this subject.You prefer the car . I prefer the train .
Hello , is that Susan who applied for an accountant in our company through the phone ?
I am the HR manager of the ABC Company . You are on the list of interviewees . Would you please come over to have an interview ?
It is enough for today . Do you have any last question ? If not , thank you for taking your time to come to our interview .
We will have an internal discussion and then we will contact to inform you of our decision on whether we continue with you or not .
Good morning . This is Apple Corporation . May I speak to Ballam ?
I ’ m calling to offer you the position of computer engineer .
Your starting salary is 3 , 000 yuan a month , but if you work well we will put you on our regular staff after six months time and your salary will be raised to 5,000 yuan a month .
What is the lowest salary you may consider ?
That ’ s all right . We will pay you 4 , 000 yuan a month for supporting your family . Would you like to start on next Monday ?
Good morning ! Marquette General Hospital . Tia speaking . May I help you ?
Your medical card No . , please ?
Thanks . Do you have an appointment , Ms . Wang ?
What is the matter ?
Have you taken your temperature ?
Anything else bothering you ?
Well , you can come to a work-in clinic today . You do not need an appointment .
Any time between 8 a . m . to 9 p . m .
You are very welcome . Anything else I can do for you today ?
Mr.Sun , would you mind if I ask you some questions , which may sound impolite ?
Can you tell me how old you are ?
Are you married ?
Can you tell me something about your family ?
Hello , Wendy speaking .
Hi , Gerry . How can I help you ?
Yes . But she is very busy right now . Can you call her later ?
Thanks , bye bye .
Excuse me , would you mind changing seats with me ?
Thank you . That's very kind of you .
Good morning , I ’ m Daniel . I ’ m applying for the positon of manager .
I got to know your company through such famous brands as LUX , LIPTON and WALLS . After making a customer survey , I was glad to find out how your products are appreciated by millions of Chinese .
It ’ s the job I ’ m interested in . And your company is the best-known . Although I don ’ t have much experience as a manager , the job description you sent to me was very interesting . It ’ s a job I ’ Ve been dreaming of and I feel suited to fill it .
I don ’ t think so . As the saying goes , “ A great oak needs deep roots . ” I ’ m really interested in this job .
Hello , Sir . What can we do for you today ?
Now , you can do it via our Atms . It's convenient and easy to use . And we have 4 machines in this branch , so the queues are not usually very long .
Are we supposed to get off right here ?
Where are we ?
You said this was the right stop .
Did we get off the bus too early ?
Why did you tell me to get off ?
I really don't feel like walking .
Have you got anything to declare , madam ?
Have you got any wine or spirits ?
What about cigarettes or cigars ?
How many , madam ?
Excuse me , sir ?
I'm afraid you can't smoke here .
Can't you see the notes here ?
It says No smoking .
Hi , this is Ralph Simmons . With whom am I speaking ?
I ’ m hoping you can sort a few things out for me . Could you pull up my account ?
OK.sir . Your room is done . Is there anything else I can do for you ?
OK.sir .
All the laundry will be ready by 5
911 . What can I do for you ?
When did it happen ?
Where did it happen ?
What was taken ?
How do you know there was a break-in ?
I will send a squad car to your house right now .
Mom , I just finished my paper . Can you proofread it before I hand it in ?
Thanks .
I really did ! I started thinking about what I wanted to say three weeks ago .
I'd like to speak to Robert .
Hello , Robert . This is Frank . I'm coming to Guangzhou on the the 7th and I'd like to call in to discuss the project plan .
Well , my flight leaves at 8 a . m . , and I'll arrive at 10 a . m . Shall we say 11 o'clock ?
Oh , yes . That's fine with me . Maybe we can have lunch together .
Hello , I'd like to see Mr . Baker for some business .
Would 9:00 o'clock tomorrow morning be alright ?
I'd like to rent a car .
Here is my international driver's license . What kinds of cars do you have ?
I'll take the Citroen C2 . What is the rate for the car per day ?
Full coverage , please .
Do I have to fill up when I check in ?
Excuse me , driver . Let me off here , please .
I have just changed my plan .
Hello . Thank you for calling Spend Mart .
Yes . How can I help you ?
Do you have the receipt with you ?
I like to apologize for the problem . Please come down with your receipt and sweater to exchange it for the size you want .
Excuse me .
I just checked in , and there's a problem with my room .
I asked for a non-smoking room , and I don't have one.My room smells like cigarette smoke . I can't stand it.Could you change my room , please ?
Thank you .
You're having coffee , aren't you ?
What are you going to have to eat ?
I have to go up to London for a couple of days next week . Would you like to come ?
Well , I prefer to go on the train , but I suppose you want me to take the car .
And I've got to drive . You know I'm not fond of that . I found it much more relaxing to sit in the train .
But very much quicker . But I know we'll never agree on this subject . You prefer the car . I prefer the train .
Hi , what're you reading ?
Not yet , but I saw the movie.Could I borrow it when you finish reading ?
Hello , may I speak to Mr . Robert the Human Resources Manager ?
OK , that's fine . Thank you .
What's your expected salary ?
How do you feel about an annual salary of 100,000 Yuan plus bonus .
That sounds very reasonable .
Are utilities included in the rent ?
Do I have to pay for electricity myself ?
Would you please explain for me what a business contract implies ?
What are the purposes of contract ?
When we draft a contract , which points should we pay special attention to ?
What can I do for you ?
You begin by applying for a corporate charter . And then stockholders hold a meeting to organize the corporation , an individual has limited liability and the right .
OK .
Are you through with your meal ?
Here you go . I can take care of it here when you are already .
No , I'm sorry we don't . We accept credit cards and cash .
Thank you , I'll be right back . Do you need any to go boxes ? I'd be glad to bring you some when I come back .
How do you like the food ?
Yes . I made it this afternoon . Would you like some more ?
Oh . Would you like some soup instead ?
Tomato and rice . Have you had that before ?
It's good , try it . What do you think ?
Yes .
Thanks , next time I'll make chicken soup for us .
Good afternoon . Can I help you ?
I'm sorry , Sir . She's currently away at our sub-branch . Is there anything I can help you with ?
Let me take a look ... ID , yes , form completed , yes , well , it looks in order , Sir .
We do require a deposit before we can issue you with a personal credit card .
The minimum deposit is 1,500 RIB . But you will need to pay some small additional handling charges as well .
Madam , is everything set up for your trip ?
You will be busier , right ?
That will be gorgeous !
Hello , this is Wal-mart . Can I help you ?
We close at 10:00 every day . And we open at 9:00 in the morning .
Same hours as on the weekdays .
Yes , it runs till the end of the month . But things are clearing out fast .
Good morning . Welcome to Time After Time Watches .
Well , you've come to the right place . What kind of watch are you looking for ?
Hmm ... This Rolex ? $ 1,000 .
This one is $ 500 .
Stephen , can you work overtime tonight ?
The holiday is coming so we need to finish our task .
Yes . The contract must be kept .
Did he say why ?
Don't worry . I will tell him about that .
What are the best places to visit here please ?
Great . What do you suggest we see ?
The exhibits are really special . I enjoy the paintings very much .
Some places aren't good to go.But I can show you the right bus to take . It will be no problem .
I have never done that myself . But I hear it is very interesting . You two should go .
Yes , but I'm very busy with work.And you know how it is , sometimes people don't visit the tourist sites in their own country .
May I have your order , please ?
OK . How do you like your steak , do you like it rare , medium or well done ?
Anything else ?
Where is your dressing room ?
( Person A comes out of the dressing room ) How did you like the sweater ?
Great . I can ring you up over here . It comes to $ 87.04 .
Do you have a credit card with us ?
If you open up a card , you can save 10 % on all your purchases today .
No problem . We always have this offer , so when ever you decide to , just let us know .
Is there anything else I can help you with ?
Yes . It cost $ 7 , and it takes one day .
Don ’ t be angry with them . After all , they are still children .
If I were you , I would not put crime in their doing these thing . We should encourage our children to do what they like , so long as they are not far off track .
Hello , Mr . Macmillan .
Much better , thanks .
Hey , The Cosby Show is on !
That's right .
I'm watching reruns of it .
Did you call me ?
What was your call about ?
What did he do ?
Exactly what did he do ?
I don't know what his problem is .
That won't happen again , I'm sorry .
You look really wiped out .
Not a good day , I hate to tell you that Mr . Emory wants to see the designs for the Polish Paste Ad tomorrow morning .
What is the most enjoyable part about your job ?
What do you find annoying ?
Excuse me , can you tell me where I can go fishing ?
I want to go fishing today , but I have left my rod and fishing line at home .
Can you tell me about some good deals on produce ?
What exactly are mangoes ?
Is the seed edible ?
How much does a mango cost ?
Maybe I won't like the taste .
How do I tell the difference between a ripe one and an unripe one ?
Where do most of them come from ?
Professor , excuse me , but I need to leave early .
I am not feeling well .
I think I am beginning to have an asthma attack .
No , I think that I should just go home because I have some medicine there .
I live in the dorms across the street , so I ’ ll be OK .
Mr . Smith , while you're out , the sales department called and asked you to lunch next Wednesday .
Oh , yes , Miss Chen informed that the monthly management meeting has been changed to July 11 and I've marked your diary accordingly .
we ’ Ve got a lot of work to do now , but take your time over this project . We don ’ t want to make any mistakes .
that ’ s right . We ’ ll finish them just in time . The Macy project can wait for the time being . We need to spend several days on that project , but it isn ’ t due to be finished until the end of the month , s
I ’ m going to give everyone on the team an extra day off . Everyone deserves it .
that ’ s true . Right . I ’ m going back to the meeting . It ’ s been going on for hours and there ’ s no indication that it ’ ll end soon .
good . I have to go right now . I really hope this meeting doesn ’ t last too long .
I ’ ll stop by if I have time later . Make sure everyone knows that we must stick to the deadlines .
Hello . I need to reserve a room .
Of course . I'm John Sandals .
Right now . I plan to be there in April from the 14th to the 17th .
Maybe . How much is a room ?
That sounds fine to me .
I hate cigarettes ! Nonsmoking .
That'll be no problem .
Sure ! My number is 626-555-1739 .
Good morning , madam .
May I help you ?
This way , please .
Hurry up , get in .
OK , make a left here . . . no wait , I meant make a right . Come on , speed up !
Don ’ t worry about it , just drive . Oh , no , the light is about to change . . . step on it !
Whatever . Just turn right here . . . The freeway will be packed at this hour . . . let ’ s take a side street . Go on ! Get out of our way ! Move , move !
Here , I know a short cut ... just go down here , and we ’ ll cut though Ashburn Heights . Let ’ s go , let ’ s go ! Watch out for that lady !
Yes ! We made it . 5 fifty-eight , just before the library closes .
Did you vote ?
Who was your vote for President ?
I didn ’ t expect him to win .
What made you think that ?
I thought his race would have kept him from winning .
That ’ s true .
This computer isn't working properly .
Here . Keep the change .
You're welcome . By the way , is there a pay phone near here ?
Caroline Menzies speaking .
I'm afraid she's in a meeting at the moment . Who's speaking ?
Can I take a message , Mr Laing ?
Certainly . Does she have your number ?
01705 ...
455623 .
OK . I'll make sure she gets the message .
What're you doing now ?
You're supposed to clean your teeth before you go to bed .
So how did your end-of-the-year review go ?
Did he actually say that ?
Are you sure you're not reading too much into what he said ?
Well , I think you may be overreacting . Mitch likes to give everybody constructive criticism and I think that's what he was doing .
Yes , I do . If you ask around , other people will tell you the same thing .
What's going on ?
I'm throwing a party next Saturday .
Yeah , are you going to come ?
Why not ?
Well , why don't you ?
Well , that's okay .
What are your strengths and weaknesses ?
What is your problem in working ?
Hello again . Have you come to a decision ?
Visible Certificates are registered and the holders of these can report any loss directly to the bank . Also , they can be cashed in advance , before the maturity is up .
Unfortunately , not . You see , because they are not registered , they can be bought and sold by anyone . They also can be cashed on maturity in any nationwide financial institution .
Technically , yes .
Hey Mei Hong , how are you getting to Xi ’ an next week ?
Yeah but the bus takes a long time . You could fly - it ’ s not so expensive these days .
Ok well , you let me know your schedule and I ’ ll book a ticket for you .
Can I help you , sir ?
What kind of presents do you want ?
OK . How about some very cool sneakers for your children ? Anyway , it won't cost you much . It's only around $ 59.95 for each pair . It might be cheaper than that in America .
Just a hunch , sir .
$ 59.95 .
Sorry , sir .
Because in this duty-free shop , your total expenditure cannot be over $ 300 and you also have one more present to buy for your wife .
That's good . And I can also recommend you a good one . It's the brand of DENY .
It's $ 60 here .
Of course not , sir .
I see by your resume that you have been working ?
Tell me what you know about our company , please .
What do you know about our major products and our share of the market ?
What made you decide to change your job ?
Do you like this job ?
What do you think is the most important qualification for a salesperson ?
I agree with you . Do you have any questions to ask about this job ?
I think the starting salary for a salesperson is between 1,500 - 2,000 Yuan . But the specific number will be determined according to your sales .
We cannot reach a final decision until we have talked to all of the other five applicants . Anyhow , we'll contact you within this month . All right . Nice meeting you . Good-bye .
Peter , it's time to eat breakfast .
Alright , you'd better hurry , your bus is coming .
Okay , now I ’ d like to find out more about your last job . I see you spent almost four years at the London Weekly , is that right ?
So , what changed ?
Wow , a real step up !
I see , so why did you decide to leave finally ?
Would you tell me how I should send this parcel to Shanghai , China ? It contains only books .
I wonder if I could have it insured here ?
Let me see ... I think I can have them insured for five hundred dollars .
What time does the next train to London leave ?
Is it a direct train to London ?
I see . One ticket to London , please .
Single , please .
Here you are .
Hello there , welcome to Wine World . Let me know if I can help you out at all .
OK , do you know what kind of food will be served ?
Hmm , that's a bit of a challenge . Sushi is notoriously difficult to pair with wine . Well , let's see . have to be a white wine , of course .
No , I don't think so . Sushi is a very delicately flavored food , and red wine would be a jarring contrast . You need a white wine , which has more subtle flavors , to complement the fish .
Yes , Chardonnay is a white wine , but I'm not sure it'd be your best bet . Chardonnay is one of the more fullbodied whites , and tends to be a bit oaky . I'd suggest that you go for something brighter , like this Sauvignon Blanc from New Zealand .
That's another varietal , or type of grape , just like Chardonnay .
It's OK , don't worry , we'll just choose a wine from the cooler . We don't have quite as extensive a selection over here , but ... this Rhone Valley white would be lovely .
Well , this is a French wine , so they don't always specify the varietal on the label . The French believe that the soil a grape is grown in is one of the most important factors in the final flavor of the wine . This wine is probably a blend of a few different types of grapes , mostly Viognier , I'd guess .
Yes , this is one of our best-sellers . It's not quite as dry as the Sauvignon Blanc we were looking at earlier , which means it's more approachable . It's light and crisp , with a bit of a vanilla aroma .
You look really nice today .
Really , where did you get it ?
It's really nice .
Thank you . I just got these shoes today .
These are called All Star Chuck Taylors .
They were about forty dollars .
Excuse me , but can you tell me the way to the Today Mall ?
How long will it take me to get there ?
I was really glad to hear about your promotion . Congratulations !
Sure , but the work you did was really exceptional ! You definitely deserved it !
You are always responsible and careful .
Thank you . I'll try my best . By the way , when do you take over the new position ?
So what are you responsible for ?
So you must get higher pay than before .
1,000 Yuan ? That's great ! So ...
Really ? Can I order anything I want ?
Good afternoon , Miss Qi .
How are you feeling today ?
That's good.Well , these are for you . I hope you will like them .
I've also brought some magazines for you . I hope they'll keep you from getting bored while you're in the hospital .
It's time for me to leave . I hope you will recover soon.See you later .
Where do you wish me to take you , sir ?
It takes about half an hour to get there .
How much do I owe you ?
Here ’ s 50 dollars . Keep the change .
It's your turn , sir . I'm sorry that you had to wait . Saturday is a busy day for us .
How do you want your hair cut ? Any particular way ?
Yes , sir . How about the sideburns ?
Can I use the clippers ?
Oh , all right , sir .
Don't you think it needs a little taken off on top , too ?
( Raising a lock ) About like this ?
Shave also , s ir ?
Do you mind if I smoke here ?
Can I just turn off the AC for now and open the window and smoke indoors ?
It ’ s very hot and that ’ s why I ’ d like to smoke inside .
Would you like to know about benefits and so forth ?
With this agreement we can bring over you many benefits . For example , head offices of your group companies can get really prompt integrated fund transfers and centralised allocations . This helps internal supervision and admin run smoothly .
I've enjoyed conversing with you .
I've got to go .
I have to do some things , and besides , it's not polite to be nosey .
I really don't think it's any of your business .
I apologize , but I'm getting off the phone now .
Hello , Fairbrook Consulting , how may I help you ?
Certainly , what day were you thinking of ?
Um . . . let me double check . . . unfortunately , she ’ s booked solid on Thursday , how does next Monday work for you ?
Sure , Tuesday ’ s perfect . May I ask where you ’ re calling from ?
What's the chef's specialty ?
Bring me one and besides , I would like to have a chicken cream soup .
Hello sir , welcome to Pistolera restaurant . May I take your order ?
I ' m sorry sir , but we ran out of chicken . May I suggest our delicious beef burritos or cheese quesadillas ? Both include a side of guacamole and jalapenos .
Of course sir . Our nachos come with melted cheese and chili .
Would you like anything to drink ?
Excuse me , Mr . Graham ? I have something I need to discuss with you .
I would really appreciate it if we could talk for a few minutes now . It ’ s about the overtime you ’ Ve asked me to put in .
Why are you up so early , Mary ?
What are you watching ?
At least five channels have morning cartoons on Saturdays .
I agree . And some cartoons are entertaining even for adults .
Let me suggest this one . It's an excellent watch , it looks good , and it's only $ 100 .
Uh , no . Analog watches don't come with stopwatches . You'll have to get a digital if you want a stopwatch .
Right here .
Yes . Make it out to Time After Time .
Dad , you've been driving for three hours . Why don't we have a switch ?
Trust me . I've been driving for two years .
Do you have any special interests besides your job ?
What do you think is the most important thing for you to be happy ?
Do you know which bus will take me from PHS to Sons ?
It's on Fair Oaks and Orange Grove .
Okay , which ones do I need to take ?
What do I do next ?
Then what should I do ?
Is that it ?
I have a little problem with room 507 .
This room is filthy with cockroaches .
I've already seen nine of them and , as they say , eight is enough !
You are not in a position to question my vision or my statement !
Are there any beds vacant ?
I prefer one facing the sea . Besides , it should have a shower .
Miss , which is the movie channel ? I can't find it .
I would like to make an appointment to discuss the problems I keep having with my apartment .
We gave you a list of problems last week .
Well , the garbage disposal doesn ’ t work , we have rats , and the toilet is backed up .
These things are your responsibility , and you need to fix them immediately .
If these problems are not addressed immediately , I will be contacting the health department this Friday and you will not get a rent check .
Has someone already helped you ?
Which do you like best ?
360 yuan .
Sorry , sir . This is the last one we have in stock .
I can give you a 10 % discount .
I'm afraid that's the best we can do .
Can you look after my son for me tonight ?
We're now staying at the Holiday Inn . How do we get to the airport ?
What is the earliest one ?
OK , thank you . By the way , what can I do if I want to put off my flight ?
OK . What can I do if l want to cancel the ticket ?
Welcome . May I help you ?
We have different colours of eye-shadow . May I know what colour you usually wear ?
Yes , I see . How do you like this one ?
Certainly .
Not from this brand , I'm afraid .
How about this one ?
OK , so this is the main factory area . We're now walking past the printing machine . It's printing in four colours at the moment .
They're setting up the machine for a new run .
About twenty minutes .
I've found a nice place in this district.Three bedrooms , a large kitchen , high ceilings , a tile bath and a big drawing room .
What about the one on the Yellow River Road ? It's a two-bedroom one , and renovated building with an eat-in kitchen .
How long have you been washing clothes here ?
How come ?
This is my first time washing clothes here .
I can't wash at home because my machine is broken .
That'll cost too much .
I have no choice .
I would like to buy a ticket to New York please .
I ’ d like to pack my bags and leave tonight .
Yes I know , but I just got the chance to leave and so I am going to take it no matter what .
I wish I could stay there , but unfortunately it will have to be a round trip ticket .
My return date will be the 14th .
Anything but a center seat is fine with me . The middle seat drives me crazy !
Will there be any layovers ?
Perfect ! I ’ m afraid to ask , but how much is it ?
The government is going to organize a folk-custom activity at the end of the month . And our community is supposed to put on a performance .
Stuff like that but I think the lion dance is a bit too difficult and dangerous .
Good idea . Shall we get everyone in the community ?
I know that they already have a Range Dance team and then what we need is just to do some rehearsals .
We can raise money in the community . You know each family 10 yuan maybe .
Doctor , what are some things I can do to stay as healthy as I can be ?
Sometimes I don ’ t know what the best foods are .
What things should I avoid ?
Beyond diet , what else can I do to be healthy ?
How about having a beer on the weekend ?
I feel terrible sick , miss . I wonder if I could change my seat to the front part .
Thank you .
How many people are there in your family ?
I have a large family . I have three older sisters , my twin sister , a younger brother , and my parents .
We're identical . I mean , we look exactly the same , but we complete opposites when it comes to everything else !
We used to be really close , but that all changed once she moved to Shanghai . How about your family ? You didn't mention to your biological father .
What about your step-brother's mother ? Does he keep in touch with her ?
Can you direct me to some fresh produce that's on sale ?
Mangoes ? What are mangoes ?
Can you eat the seed ?
Well , how much are they ?
Can you describe their taste ?
How can I tell if they're ripe ?
Where do they grow mangoes ?
Slow down ! You can't exceed the speed limits .
No , you can not . It is dangerous .
Look at this fair . This is my first chance to be involved in the fair . It is so gorgeous and amazing !
Now we should design our booth . Do you know the number for our booth , B ?
Lucky number . Find its location now .
Here it is . Well , remember to have our cards on to tell every visitor where we come from .
What did you usually do as a head nurse ?
How to maintain a high standard of nursing ?
May I help you ?
Is that a one-way or round trip ?
When would you want to leave ?
I am sorry . The flight on Nov . 21st is full.Do you mind if I put your name on the waiting list ?
Have you heard about Jessica's party on Saturday ?
Really ? I got mine from her this morning .
You're probably right , do you intend on going to the party ?
I know , it does sound pretty awesome .
It's supposed to start at about eight .
I really don't know , but I don't think she gave out that many yet .
Excuse me , could you tell me how much is the lipstick ?
Oh , it's too expensive . Can't you make it any cheaper ?
But the price is too high .
What about 15 yuan ?
All right , I'll take it .
Where are you going to spend your holidays this year , Harry ?
Will you travel by sea or by air ?
It ’ s cheaper , isn ’ t it ?
I ’ m sure you will enjoy yourselves .
Are you Liu Yan ?
Have you brought your credentials ?
Let me have a look .
Your resume says you worked at DK Company for two years . What were you responsible for ?
Have you received any honorable title personally ?
Good morning ! Can I help you ?
OK , come this way , please . How does this one fit you ?
Let me stretch it for you . How is that now ?
OK . Here you are .
Thirty-five yuan .
Thanks . Nothing else , today ?
Dad , can you buy a new camera ? My old one has gone west .
So , you didn ’ t buy a good one for me . This time how about a better one ?
First , tell me about your education , please .
Can you name some terms of payment ?
We'd like to rent a flat near the university .
Yes , we are . Obviously , we'd like something as cheap as possible . We've heard that there are places for 80 to 100 pounds a month .
Not really , no . We'd preferably like to live in a quiet street .
We'll need two bedrooms . The kitchen and dining room can be separate or combined .
How far away is it from the campus ?
That sounds ideal . Can we go to have a look at it ? we'd like to see it before making a final decision .
Everyone wants to be financial lose kill . You must invest your savings if you planed to retire rich . I ’ m thinking about buying stocks . It can be a good investment if I can manage well . What do you say ?
Wow , you sound very professional .
May I help you , Miss ?
OK . I'm sure you will love what this new automatic answering system can do for your business .
Watch our computer demonstration , please . You'll be convinced that our product is superior . ( After the demonstration )
Our systems are 100 % trouble-free .
Any of our new products shall go through a 1-3 month testing period .
Yes , our prices are negotiable , but our quality is not .
Your satisfaction is guaranteed , or we refund your money .
the bathroom looks lovely . Did you redecorate it yourself or did you get someone in to do it for you ?
so , let ’ s see . You have put new tiles on the floor and replaced a few tiles on the walls . You ’ Ve also added a small cupboard for toiletries . The bath , shower and waterbasin are the sam
how long did it take you to do the tiling .
I think you ’ Ve done a very good job . As least as good as a professional would do . Perhaps I can convince you to redo my bathroom ?
Excuse me , could you do me a favor ?
We are busy in preparing for the train.Would you please buy us some fruit ?
Apples and pears , one kilo for each af them , please .
I ’ m a bit worried about you going shopping by yourself this afternoon .
But what will you do if you need to know the price of something ?
Ok , but what will you do if you want to check the size of the clothes ?
And what will you do if you don ’ t have enough cash ?
Mr . Simpson , if you are free , how about a lunch ?
How about Thursday ?
I know of a place you'll like and you have got to be there .
OK , see you then .
What certificates of technical qualification have you got ?
Have you worked in a computer company before ?
Do you have any ideas on this work ?
Daddy , I am so glad you come out with us .
It doesn't matter . But I really haven't gone for a picnic for a long time .
It was boring . Just did my homework and practiced the piano .
Ahh , I was not available last Sunday . I was too busy almost as much as you .
Hooray ! I can play football with daddy . Mom and sister can play badminton .
That's great . We can also take the dragon kite with us . After the picnic , we can fly it .
What can I do for you ?
How long would you like to stay In these cities ?
There is a three-day package tour . You will have 3 full days in the cities . It is a general tour of the cities . The itinerary includes the places of interest such as Window of the World , China Folk Culture Village . Chen Clan Academy , Southern Yue Tomb , and Gongbei Market .
200 yuan for each person .
It includes your air fare , your hotel accommodations and the meals .
Where to , sir ?
Yes , of course . I live near the university . Hop in please .
Okay , we'll put it in the trunk . Ah , it is so heavy .
Hello , how can I help you today ?
OK , please fill in a Deposit Slip . All you need to do is to write the amount here and your name over here , on this line . I'll take care of the rest . First , could I see some ID ?
I'd like to help pitch in with dinner .
No , I'd like to do something special for you on your birthday .
OK.Now how can I help , hon ?
Easy , I can do that with my eyes closed.Done .
How many potatoes do you need ?
Gotcha , OK . Here they are .
Where is the peeler ?
What ? Oh shit ! I cut my finger .
Next is a ballet performance , but who is the dancer ?
Since when did Eddy start doing ballet ? !
Look ! He has a partner !
Gross !
But I think Eddy is going too far !
Oh ! Ouch ! That must've hurt !
Hi , how are you . Is Alice there ?
Why haven't you answered the phone ?
That's all right .
I want to do something tomorrow with you .
I was thinking about seeing a movie .
Until then .
I'm exhausted .
That's $ 60 in all .
Sure . You can go to the front desk to ask for more help .
What kind of car is best for me ?
The compact ? Why do you think that one is better than the others ?
That's true . What kind of safety features are we talking about ?
You mean it has a cheaper price than similar models ?
With the cost of gasoline these days , that is a big plus . I think this model may be just what I'm looking for .
I'd like to order dinner .
I'd like to order a bottle of champagne , lobster tail , and filet mignon , medium rare .
I'd prefer the filet , but the porterhouse will do .
Normally , I would take you up on that suggestion , but just the champagne will do for tonight .
That's fine .
Good morning , sir.Can I help you ?
Thank you , Mr.Wang.Do you have an appointment ?
I'm afraid Mr.Li is engaged at the moment . Would you mind waiting ?
About half an hour .
Can the Assistant Manager meet you instead ?
Do you want to make another appointment ?
Hello . Can I help you ?
Yes . We ’ ll close this position posting at the end of this month .
Go to the Human Resource Office , please . You can get it there .
It ’ s on the first floor , Room 120 .
Good luck .
Hi Anna , come in .
I know , I didn't have time to put things away before you got here .
Yes .
Actually most of them are dirty . I haven't done laundry in a while . I usually wait until I can do it at my parent's house .
I know I should , but that place isn't very convenient . You have to wait for a long time .
No I'm not ready yet . I still have to brush my teeth and wash my face . Can you wait for a few minutes ?
Can I help you ?
Sure . Please come this way .
Of course . Here is the fitting room .
Yes , here it is .
You look really beautiful in it .
How is your English ability ?
Could you tell me something about your English education ?
Have you passed College English Test Band 4 or Band 6 ?
Great . Can you file in English ?
You would be using a lot of English in this job . Can you manage English conversation ?
Excellent . How is your English ability in reading and writing ?
Welcome . Can I help you with anything ?
Let's see . How about a nice shirt and tie ? You can't go wrong there .
We have some nice pants . You can also get him a belt with it .
These slacks are very popular . He can wear them to dress up a little or on a normal casual day .
Yes . Right over here .
The pants are on sale for $ 40 , and the belt is $ 25 .
Just save the receipt and we will gladly return or exchange them for you .
Reservation , may I help you ?
For how many people ?
I'm coming to pick up my ticket . This is my reservation note .
Here you are . How much is the ticket ?
Can I pay by card ?
Good evening , madam . May I help you ?
Sure . Most facials start with a thorough cleaning . Then we usually use a toner to invigorate the skin , followed by exfoliation treatment-a peeling mask or scrub that removes the dead cells that make the skin lock dull . After that , we'll massage your face and neck with oil or cream to improve the circulation and relieve the tension , followed by a mask to moisturize and soften the skin .
We have half-hour and one-hour treatments .
Well , the half-hour facial costs 50 yuan and the one-hour costs 80 yuan . If you want make-up , another 20 yuan will do .
That's fine , madam .
Hello , I'm looking for a shop that sells inexpensive cashmere sweaters .
Why didn't I think of that ?
Thanks . That is a good suggestion .
My latte looks like that shoe polish we did an ad for last month .
It still tastes fine , though .
I ’ Ve just found a mouse in the house !
I found a mouse in our house , a grown mouse running around the dinning room .
It ’ s under the couch .
Ok , I don ’ t want a mouse in our house . We have the tidiest house in the town .
Hello . floor service , can I help you ?
No problem , what would you need , Mr . Smith ?
OK , I will send them to you soon .
Anything else , Mr . Smith ?
morning , Mary ? It ’ s John Kramer calling . You remember you handled my tax forms for me ?
Better than ever ! You won ’ t have to worry about “ finding ” extra money for me anymore ! We made nearly a quarter of million in profit last year !
I'm going on a guided tour in the mountain .
I like the sight and the sound.It worked on me like a magic when I was a child .
My Goodness ! What a busy line so early in the morning ! Hello .
Hi , Basil .
Yes , by all means . I was just about to leave .
I'll wait on the sidewalk . It's very kind of you .
Hi , Basil .
Do you mind if I take some notes while we drive ?
Yes , I finally have an inspiration .
I'm going to Bihai Park.Is this the right bus , please ?
How can I get it , please ?
Could I have a transfer please ?
I would like to take this opportunity to welcome Monica to our company and introduce her to her department and colleagues . For all of you , we hired Monica because she is a very professional accountant and we are very happy to have her in the finance department . She has lots of working experiences as an accountant and I am sure everybody in the department can benefit from this .
Excuse me . I'm your new neighbor , Jack . I just moved in .
I'm looking for a grocery store . Are there any around here ?
OK . And is there a laundromat near here ?
Thank you .
I'm hungry .
It wasn't enough , because I'm hungry again .
I'm going to get a snack .
I don't know .
I don't know what kind of sandwich I want .
I may just do that .
Why didn't you text me last night ?
I didn't get any of them . I was waiting for you to text me the address of where the party was and I never got your message .
Well , because I didn't have any credit on my phone . I used it all up this month .
I do , but if I don't have any credit in my phone , it won't let me call or send messages .
It's Chinese New Year ! That means it's time to eat hot pot !
You mean half-and-half ?
Two number 3s , please .
Diet Coke .
Regular , please .
No , thanks .
Well , that's why you'r here.My source for big TV sets overcharged me on the last shipment , so I need someone new . I wanted to meet you to see if we can work together . I think
Fine , but before you agree , don't you need to know what you're agreeing to ?
Ha , ha , ha ! That's fair.How did I do ?
Good , well , here's what I need from you . Are you ready ?
Well , I know you work for someone else , but as your client , please , we have to get this straight between us . I'm your client , not your company.As your client , I expect you to be square with me at all times . Can you do that ?
Are there any hobbies you do ?
Oh , you actually do that ?
Did you always know how to draw and paint ?
You had an art class ?
Well , it's good that you're so talented .
Talent is a great thing , I wish I had one .
Ladies and gentlemen . It's about time to land in New York . Here are a couple of forms for you to fill out .
They are E / D cards . All passengers except American citizens must complete these forms .
Do you drink much ?
How frequently do you drink ?
Only when I go out . I'm not a big drinker .
I usually only have 2 beers .
How much can you drink ?
Don't you spend a lot of money then ?
That's true .
I like beer , it's just that I get a headache when I drink more than 3 .
It'll take awhile , but I'm working on it .
I really love this meal .
Where did you learn to cook these amazing dishes ?
The chicken is out of this world !
I was wondering if there was shrimp in the soup .
It worked out well that the wine that I brought to share seems to blend well with this meal .
Does your chicken taste all right ?
My fish has good seasoning but is a little dry .
Yes , maybe they are short-handed in the kitchen tonight .
The vegetables seem to not be very fresh .
I usually enjoy the meals here , so I think that we should tell the waiter that there is something wrong with this meal .
I'm going to have to do some shopping today .
I want to find a new bedroom set .
I have no clue .
I don't know where to go to find a nice bedroom set .
Please do .
Are the bedroom sets at IKEA affordable ?
Welcome to the KFC Just-in-Time . Can I help you ?
Anything else , sir ?
What do you want for your drink ?
Your address , please .
Ok . got it.That ' ll be $ 6.50 . Thank you for your order.it will be there in 20 minutes .
What fruits are in season right now ?
Can I sample a grape ?
It tastes good . How much are the grapes per kilo ?
Hello , this is Sheila from Huawei Corp . Is that Li Lei ?
I am glad to tell you that you are supposed to come for an interview tomorrow . Are you free tomorrow ?
Could you arrange an appointment with Mr . Smith ?
How about tomorrow afternoon ?
I want to buy a shirt .
A white one , please .
What's the size ?
Are you looking for something special ?
Follow me , please . How do you like this one ?
Room service . Can I help you ?
What would you like , sir ?
It will take about 20 minutes , sir . Is that all right ?
It's your turn , sir . I'm sorry that you've had to wait .
OK , It's here , one of the best makes in China .
Excuse me , can I order now , please ?
I'd like the lasagna , please .
How much does it cost to rent a mid-size car ?
Fine . I'd like to reserve one for next Tuesday .
Yes . It's right here .
I've just taken a spanner set from the stores .
Sorry , what do you mean ?
Would you do me a favor ?
Excuse me . Do you mind if I ask some things about work for this company ?
I've heard that the company is very strict with its staff.Is that true ?
If you make mistakes in your job , you'll be fired . Is that right ?
Working here involves a busy schedule and overtime.Is that true ?
Red restaurant . Do you want to make a reservation ?
At what time ?
Hi , did you call for an exterminator ?
What sort of pest are we dealing with ?
Well , there ’ s nothing we can ’ t handle . I ’ ll spray the floorboards and walls to get rid of the cockroaches , but the termites will be harder to get rid of . We will have to cover the entire house and fumigate it . Unfortunately that means you will have to find a place to stay for the next three days .
John , it ’ s time to get up .
It is . Hurry up ! You ’ ll be late for school .
It ’ s nearly half past seven .
It ’ s slow . Hurry up ! The bus goes at twenty to eight .
Positive . I ’ ll put the radio on .
No , it isn ’ t . It ’ s stopped . I forgot to wind it up last night .
Are you sure this is the right restaurant ?
You don't think you could be wrong ?
I don't know . It looks a little wrong down .
You're a hundred percent sure you want to eat here ?
Good morning , Oriental Electric Limited .
That is all right . Maybe we can make another arrangement .
I'm afraid there is a bit of a problem . in fact , he has booked up the whole week except tomorrow afternoon .
Please let me check ... Tomorrow afternoon ... Yes , he'll be free from 3:00 tomorrow afternoon . Do you think it's convenient for you ?
All right . Let's change it . Tomorrow afternoon at three . I am going to schedule it for that time and inform Mr.Liu about the change .
Dad , how can we get to the zoo ?
Does this bus go there ?
Let's step in , Dad .
Dad . Here comes another bus .
Why ? Dad ?
How do we do timesheets here ?
Yes , I already have one .
I am kind of confused .
I'm not quite sure .
No , I have no idea what you are talking about .
Thanks for your help .
I was really glad to hear about your award , congratulations !
You ’ Ve been working there for so long with so much sacrifice . You definitely deserve it .
Do you like the cookies ?
Glad you like it .
Is Betty Sue in her office ?
I see .
Yes , please tell her I stopped by .
Ted . Oh , and could you give her this document for me ?
Excuse me , where am I on this map ?
Which bus should I take to railway station ?
Where am I supposed to change ?
Where can I find a spare hose for the pump ?
25 mm diameter .
Thanks . Have you got any light bulbs ?
Oh yes , some wire cutters .
Just one pair .
What would you want , coffee or tea ?
How do you like it ?
May I help you , sir ?
Please try these on .
Are you going home now ?
What are you going to do ? Are you going to work late ?
An apartment ? Why ?
Where are you living now ?
How are you going to find an apartment ?
Apartments in the city are expensive .
Excuse me , is there a swimming pool in your hotel ?
What's the fare ?
Well , we've finally put the finishing touches on the training programs for next year . Here's a report showing the projected costs as well as the expected return on investment .
Sure ! It's not a real figure , of course . It's just an estimate based on rehiring costs , and the potential lost revenue that results from incompetence .
A little of both . We'll have a few daylong sessions for things like business writing skills and software training . Those are available to everyone . We also have a variety of other programs
I opened my mail , found this eviction notice , and don ’ t know what to do with it .
Just for being a few days late ?
Are you taking my apartment away ?
Can I keep the apartment if I pay my rent in full ?
I will go write a check right now .
How ’ s your little girl , Debbie ?
How old is she ?
What can I do for you , Miss ?
That's right.The bus tour is really efficient and cheap .
Egg , this bathroom is a pigsty !
I just can't stand it . It's really gross in here ! There ' s a stain on the toilet seat , and the floor was wet and slippery . So I cleaned it !
I can't help myself ; it's just so disgusting in here !
Hang on . I'm just gonna quickly wipe the sink and sweep the floor .
What do you want to do tonight ?
I have no idea . Do you think we're in a rut ?
Well , we do the same things every weekend . We go to the same restaurants . We see the same friends . You know what I mean ?
Okay , I'll look in the events section of the paper to see what's going on tonight . Hmm , we could go to a concert . There is a good one tonight . I bet it's not sold out . But , we'll have to drive an hour to the venue .
I'm not really in the mood for dancing , actually . You know what ? I just feel like staying home tonight and vegging , after all . How about you ?
This is Action 5 News reporter Sarah O ’ Connell reporting live from Washington , D . C . where a protest has broken out . Thousands of angry citizens are protesting against the proposed bailout of the auto manufacturing industry ! Sir , sir , Sarah O ’ Connell , Action 5 news . Can you tell us what ’ s happening ?
Sir but what exactly is making everyone so angry ?
I see . But , many supporters of the bailout argue that it could help save the jobs of millions of hardworking Americans .
Mom , I want to move out .
Job ?
I thought I could just get you and Dad to pay for an apartment . I found a cheap one .
You ’ re right . If I ’ m going to live on my own , I have to be independent .
Would you please take a seat over there ? There are some interesting magazines on the coffee-table .
It shouldn't be long . Thirty minutes , tops . Are you in a hurry ?
Good idea . Do you want a wash or a massage ? Massage is especially good when you are tired .
Because it helps you speed up your circulation .
How do you like it ?
We have discount coupons . 100 Yuan for ten times . Would you like to have one ?
Of course .
Hello , May I help you ?
Oh , how nice ! There are bright rooms and the house is very quiet .
Well , each room is 40 dollars a week .
When do you want to move in ?
Fine , I'll be expecting you .
I need to get my prescription filled .
If I wanted to , could I have it mailed to me ?
Are there any special instructions about this medication ?
Can I take it with food ?
Are there any side effects with this medication ?
How much for a bus pass ?
Is there anything else that doesn't cost as much ?
How much does a student pass cost ?
It doesn't cost anything ?
Can you tell me how much that'll cost ?
Sounds good , let me get that .
Excuse me , how many sightseeing spots are there in the park ?
Do I have to buy extra ticket if I want to visit the main spots ?
Well , do you have through tickets ?
Are you going grocery shopping today ?
Yes , please get some white bread , thick cut , some ham , not the processed stuff , some gouda cheese , some galla apples and . . .
I was wondering if you'd let me stay here for a few days .
Can I see some men's watches ?
What functions does this watch have ?
Is it waterproof ?
Excuse me . Can I change my seat with you ? I want to sit beside my friend .
It's 9 - A in the middle part , a window seat too .
Yes , it is . Thank you very much . Let me help you to carry your baggage there .
Excuse me . Where are you going ?
I'm afraid you can't today .
Good evening , madam . May I help you ?
Yes , would you like smoking or non-smoking ?
Will you give me a hand , sir ?
Thank you very much .
I'll be glad when winter comes .
Because I love the snow .
Last year we made a big snowman .
It was seven feet tall .
It took us all day .
Of course . We gave him a big carrot for a nose .
I ’ d like to ask whether it is correct to partake in the firm ’ s insurance plan ?
Have you a full-day trip ?
Do I have to book the tour right now ?
Are the expressions of sight draft , time draft , usance draft and letter of credit adequate terms to express the different methods of payment ?
What if the sale is made on the basis of sight draft ?
Therefore , we must be very careful in building up clear expressions and complete understanding on both sides of trade .
How have you been feeling lately ?
Has your blood pressure been high before ?
Usually people with high blood pressure have no symptoms , so we call it the silent killer .
I am going to put a cuff on you to get a reading .
I get an idea of the pressure in your arteries when your heart is pumping blood versus at rest .
Miss , may I help you ?
It's because of the view .
Sure . Please take a look at the model of the building . Nice Garden has a total of two blocks which are labeled Block I and Block II . Block I has a total of thirty-eighth floors . The thirty-seventh and thirty-eighth are penthouses . There are four units in one floor . The sizes of the units are one thousand square feet and one thousand and five hundred square feet . The size with one thousand square feet has three bedrooms and the biggest size has four bedrooms .
There are three elevators between one hundred and forty-eight units .
There are a total of one hundred and sixty parking spaces on the second and third floor , in which twelve are for visitors and the rest are for residents .
Sure , on the fourth floor is a recreation quarter . There are two swimming pools . One is Olympic standard size and the other one is for children . Also , there is a gymnasium for resident members only .
The completion date will be July 1st 2007 .
Please check up the price list . The average unit price is five million Hong Kong dollars . There are eight different banks that will provide a seventy percent mortgage loan . Also , the developer will offer another ten percent mortgage to purchasers .
It's all written on the brochure price list . I believe there will be one right for you . Please hurry up because almost half of units have already gone .
You've got a beautiful singing voice !
Come on , You hit the high notes perfectly !
You're too modest . Pass me the catalogue ! I'd like to see which song to choose.Wow , this place has a large selection of songs . I dont know which to choose !
Funny.Oh , i like this song . It's by one of my favorite singers .
1021.It ' s a duet ! Come on , Pick the mic and sing along !
Mom , I don't feel well .
I feel dizzy .
Mom , I don't want to go to see a doctor .
Good afternoon , Mr . Yang . I'm Jill , Mr . Smith's secretary . Would you like to look around the factory first ?
Now this is our office block . We have all the administrative departments Sales , Accounting , Personnel , Market Research and so on .
That's the warehouse where the larger items of medical instruments are stored . We keep a stock of the fast-moving items so that urgent orders can be met quickly from stock . ( in the workshop ) This is one of our three workshops . This is the delivery bay here .
The steel sheets and bars come in , as you see , in different sizes and are unloaded onto the delivery bay here . We buy them in from a steel works in Wales . This is the new conveyor belt we installed last year . We doubled our output in this department as a result .
I take care of the letters . I may read , sort out and organize incoming mails .
Yes , except the personal mail . And I also need to prepare the materials for posting and check the e-mail box regularly .
How do you use an ATM card , Billy ?
Oh yes . I ’ Ve got it written down here . Just a minute .
OK , I ’ Ve entered my PIN . There are several options on the screen . I guess I just choose which service I want , don't I ?
I can just enter the amount using the key , right ?
How have you been doing ?
How long have you had this toothache ?
Is there anything that you ’ Ve done to your tooth that might have caused the pain ?
When you brush your teeth , what do you use ?
Does it bother you when you have to chew a lot ?
Hello , may I speak to Kevin , please ?
The doctor sent me over here to have my blood drawn .
What is this test for ?
What does that tell him ?
Will the blood test hurt ?
Ouch !
Could you please cover for me two hours this morning ?
I have to see the dentist . We have an appointment for this morning from 9 to 11 o ’ clock . So if there is any phone call , please pick up for me . If there is something urgent , tell them I will be back in two hours .
What is your understanding of a job ?
Why do you want to work for us ?
Hi , is that Li Ling ?
I am glad to inform you that you are expected to come for an interview in our head office tomorrow .
Excuse me , how long is the flight to Phoenix ?
Is that Phoenix time ?
Mrs . Sue ?
Mr . Brown will have to call you back in a little while .
Excuse me , do you speak English ?
Actually , yes . Could you show me how to use my key card ?
Ok , like this ?
Anything else I can do for you ?
OK , here you are.Anything else ?
You can buy a money order and mail mature immigration .
Please fill out the form for the money order.You also need to pay a one dollar fee .
You're welcome.Have a nice day .
Is that you , Bob ?
Well , we've been waiting for our luggage for about one hour .
It's blue , Samsonite bag .
This is room eleven-seven and my name is Terry Chen .
My friend's room ? Oh , I see . Thanks a lot .
Oops !
I overcooked the corn .
Hello , Matt !
Matt , I'm going to ask you some questions about pet.First question , do you have a pet ?
Wow , like how do they train the dogs ?
Well , how many dogs do they train at a time ?
Do you ever see the dogs you trained , like out on the street , or anything ?
Oh , wow , that's cool . Um , why do people keep pets ?
Yeah , that's true . OK , besides cats , dogs , and fish , what are some other pets people keep ?
I can't find my glasses and I can't see anything . Can you help me find a few things ?
My laptop , do you see it ?
Where's my book ?
The dictionary .
Where's my pencil ?
That's not a pencil . That's a pen .
How about my backpack ? Do you know where that is ?
Where are my shoes ?
I don't see them .
Thanks .
Oh ! Is it too hot ? I'm sorry .
OK ! Here you go .
I don't know how to adjust my life . Would you give me a piece of advice ?
Yes , I can't sleep well every night .
I drink a lot of wine .
I often feel so tired .
I sometimes find the shadow of death in front of me .
What time does the train for Boston leave ?
When does it arrive ?
How much is a one-way ticket ?
Are you going to come home late tonight ?
Excuse me , is this personnel division ?
I came about your advertisement for a senior production planner .
My name is Li Jean .
Yes , seven years .
Master of Marketing Management .
Yes . I worked at AB Company .
Because you need a senior production planner who is good at mathematics and fluent in English . I think I am fit for the position .
Hi , taxi .
The international airport , please . I have to be there by 8
Oh , that's my stop . How much do I need to pay ?
What arrangement will you make about payment ?
At sight of course .
I am afraid that can't be done . We have never done business on such terms .
We ask for full payment at sight , because we guarantee 90 % mechanical efficiency for all our products . You don't have the same guarantee from other suppliers . The usual percentage is around 85 .
Yes . We usually send technicians abroad to offer after-sales service to our customers .
Hey Lisa ... want to grab lunch with me ?
Yeah ... actually , we haven't hung out at all recently . You seem sort of under the weather . Is there something going on ?
Quit this company ? Oh ... wow .
One of the best in the company .
Oh , I get it . Simply put , you're bored , huh ?
Taxi !
Please rush me to the railway station
Can you speed up a bit ?
But I have no time to lose .
Can you drop me off here ?
I hear that you've got a chance to go to Europe for a half-year training program . Is it true ?
Congratulations ! How can you get such a good opportunity to be trained overseas ?
How nice ! But will you have to pay for the training ?
So awful ! I never fancy my salary is so little .
Bingo ! I never thought about that before . I am working so hard and my accomplishment is significant , you know .
I know I deserve it , but I can not find a way to talk with boss about this .
That sounds reasonable .
That's a point . It seems a little complicated . I will think about this for a while . I owe you one . After all , you give me an inspiration .
Welcome back , Sir . I trust the materials were helpful to you ?
Your credit is fine , Sir . Now , tell me , what is it that you need the loan for ?
I see . And what loan amount are you expecting ?
I'm sorry , Sir . The maximum we can lend you on this type of loan is 20,000 RIB , with no exceptions .
I need some documentation from you . Such as your resident permit , your occupation and salary details and I already have your credit details here .
How do you spend your spare time ? Are you interested in sports ?
Do you think you are introverted or extroverted ?
It is so wonderful that this transaction turned out to be the satisfaction of both parties .
Good afternoon , Mr Meng . It's a little late for you , isn't it ?
What can I help you with ?
Mmmm ... yes , many investors don't seem to be into stocks at the moment . Too risky ! How about Open-Ended funds ?
Exactly . Then each individual has the chance to diversify their portfolio over many different areas , it doesn't have to be stocks . And , we provide a Professional Fund Manager , so you know your investment will be safe with us .
Our Investment Financing Service will help you choose where to put your funds and look at both the pros and cons of each .
Looking through your C . V . , I see that you graduated from Oklahoma State University . Can you tell me what training you have had that would specifically relate to the cable television Industry ?
I see . Did you have anything specific in mind ?
That ’ s impressive . How would you make that pay ?
I see you have several good ideas . Now , I just have a few questions about your C . V . I notice that there is a five-year gap between your last job and now .
Excuse me , I ’ Ve been waiting here for fifteen minutes.Do you know why the traffic is so heavy ?
Oh , what a terrible situation ! This traffic is unbearable .
I agree with you . But now we have to wait . The sky is overcast , and it is very sultry . I fear a thunder storm is brewing .
Yes , I hope so . Thank you for telling me this .
Hello . Gail Willows speaking .
Hello , Daniel . What can I do for you ?
Oh , really ? Do you know which company it's from ?
Hello ! How can I help you , sir ?
Do you qualify for any of the Federal loan programs ?
Well . In that case we can offer you a private educational loan .
It's 7.2 % , fixed-rate loan .
Just fill out this application . We can let you know right away if you qualify .
Honey , can you set the table ?
Well , make sure to put out the pepper and salt shakers . I don ’ t know if your brother is coming tonight so set an extra place mat just in case .
Yeah , go ahead , forks , spoons and knives . I roasted some meat so be sure to put out some steak knives as well .
Honey ? Have you seen our soup bowls ?
Would you like to see our new shirts ?
But they ’ re very nice , you know .
And not expensive either .
Everybody is buying them .
Yes , they ’ re very fashionable , you see .
I see .
Welcome to our International Business Counter . How can I help ?
Not a problem . Could you tell me you L / C number , please ?
OK , just checking for you ... yes , they have arrived . How would you like me to handle them ?
Hello , may I help you ?
Oh , how nice.They ' re bright rooms and the house is very quiet .
Well , gentleman.Each room is $ 40 a week if you think that's OK .
When do you want to move in ?
Who's the woman you talked to just now ?
Dinner's ready ! Come and get it !
Thank you for calling the Twin Theatre .
The next show is at two o'clock .
Besides , yours don't have side pockets like mine .
Just the necessities
No , but you never know when you'll need a flashlight .
Have you a wine list ?
Oh . I see . Don't you have Mao Tai ?
Reservations . Can I help you ?
How long will you be staying , sir ?
What kind of room do you want ?
A single room with a front view is 100 dollars per night , one with a rear is 80 dollars .
Do you have any plan to buy a house in this city ?
Our monthly salary can not buy one square meter of the house here .
More and more people need to buy houses , but the market can not meet the needs , so this caused the bubble in real estate industry .
Have you watched the TV series , Humble Abode ?
Good afternoon .
Yes , we have a reservation for three nights.Mona White . I called last week .
Yes , that was for two single rooms , wasn't it ?
Are they quiet rooms ?
but there's a lovely view .
What's up ?
Next Saturday , I'm going to have a party .
You are coming ?
Why is that ?
Why not ?
I understand , I guess .
May I help you ?
Take the right road and walk ten minutes . You will see the Star Travel Agency .
Do you think you can fix my computer ?
You must know you've been scheduled to have an operation the day after
The operation starts at 10 0 ' clock . But you'll get an injection of anaesthesia about 30 to 45 minutes in advance . If your family comes to see you before the operation , they should come before 8: 30 .
It's nothing . Did your doctor explain to you about what operation you are going to have ?
OK . Have you signed the consent ?
I am sorry to say this but I seem to have lost the key to the safe .
Yes , I believe so . How should I compensate for this ?
What ? 100 US dollars ? Is it covered by the insurance ?
Our offer is RIB 300 per tape-recorder , F . O . B . Tianjin .
That's the best price we can offer .
Where are you going , Jane ?
I saw her yesterday . She was a little better .
No , you needn't . A number 13 bus will also take you to the hospital .
Yes . I caught a number 7 bus yesterday , and they said I had taken a wrong bus .
I think I may rent out this apartment that I found .
I was looking through the ads today , and I found it in there .
Yeah , and it ’ s affordable too .
First of all , it ’ s absolutely gorgeous .
It ’ s only $ 725 a month .
I know it is .
Good morning , sir . I am ready to check out now .
May I have my bill now ?
Excuse me .
I'm in a hurry . How long will it take ?
Do you think the traffic will be heavy ?
Hi Benjamin . My name is Dr . Green . What seems to be the matter ?
What are your symptoms ?
It sounds like you might be a bit dehydrated . Do you feel thirsty most of the day ?
Have you been drinking plenty of water ?
Ok . Well , we'll have a nurse take some blood in a few minutes to see if you're dehydrated . First , let me feel your pulse .
Is anyone else sick in your home ?
I see . I'll have the lab techs run some tests to check for mono as well then . The nurse will come in then to take your blood , we'll run some tests , and then you can go home . You should hear from us by this afternoon .
What is your temperature now ?
How high was your temperature yesterday ?
Will you open your mouth ? Your throat is swollen .
Is there anything I can do for you ?
When did you lose it ?
Can you make a description of your wallet ?
What is the proper way to sit at a dinner table ?
Yes .
Are you ready to order ?
Would you like fries with that ?
And to drink ?
Is this dine-in or take-out ?
Are you paying in cash or by credit card ?
Here's your key , sir . Room number 1405.The bellboy will take your luggage to your room . Have a pleasant stay !
What can I do ?
Did you go to any illegal website ?
Yes , your computer can be easily infected by virus if you do that .
That's wise .
One minute . Oh , yes , it was infected by a virus , and you had no antivirus software .
Of course . You'd better learn something about it .
Don't worry , it should have been protected automatically . And I take an anti-virus software with me . Do you want me to install it now ?
What ’ s the postage on this letter to hongkong , please ?
Yes , Five one dollar stamps , please .
Excuse me , could you tell me which line I ’ m supposed to stand in to buy bubble wrap and to post a package ?
That ’ s a really long line . How long do you think it ’ ll take to get through all those people ?
Can I buy stamps here ?
I need 30 for my Christmas cards .
Twenty of them are going abroad to China and America .
No .
And the bubble wrap ?
Good morning , Madam . Can I help you ?
May I have your name , please ?
I see . Wait for a moment please . I am sorry , Mrs . Clinton , but the remittance doesn't appear to have arrived yet .
If the money was sent by cable , it would have taken about one or two days . But if it was sent by airmail , it would take at least one week .
Or would you like us to phone you when the money arrives ?
Could you please tell me your phone number , so we'll give you a ring as soon as the remittance has arrived ?
Hi . Are you new in this class ?
Did you just arrive in this country ? You look a little nervous .
I took this course last semester too . Now I am taking it again !
Wow , you have a lot of questions ! I learned a lot . In fact , that ’ s why I am taking it again . I get lots of practice in speaking , and also in writing . I ’ m sure you ’ ll be glad you took this course . I ’ ll even help you study if you ’ d like .
Welcome to our company Mr white . My name is Yan Hua , the secretary of Mr Wang .
Would you like to have a cup of tea or coffee ?
Glad you like it . By the way , is this your first time to China , Mr . White ?
We also hope to expand our business with you .
I think you probably know China has adopted a flexible policy in her foreign trade .
Right . Seeing is believing .
I have to talk to you !
I know , Blake . But you ’ Ve been avoiding me all morning , and we have got to talk about this deal with the Mc Kinsey Food Company .
Do you have any direct flights to Toronto ?
When does the flight depart ?
How long is the layover ?
And how long do I have to stay in Berlin for the connecting flight ?
So the time for the total journey is about ... ?
Let me count . Ok , it works out for my schedule . Thanks a lot !
I'm checking out now . Can I have my bill , please ?
It's 876 . Here is my key card .
Can I pay with traveler's check ?
Good morning , sir . What can I do for you ?
Yes , sir . May I have your room number ?
Right , just wait a minute . I will get your bill ready for you right away .
Have you used your mini-bar since breakfast ?
Very good sir . Here is your bill . Please check and sign it .
That's for the breakfast you ordered from the service .
That's all right . Well , it's all together $ 260 .
Put all baggage on the conveyor belt.Walk through the detector gate one at a time , please .
What for ?
Really ? I'm in a hurry.All right .
I'm embarrassed ! I forgot completely about them . I'm terribly sorry .
Lucy , take my picture here , OK ?
What's the matter ?
Is it broken ?
What is it ?
Where can we get batteries ?
May I take your order ?
Anything else ?
Let me help you with that .
You really shouldn't be lifting this by yourself .
Why are you reading the classifieds ? What do you need ?
Are you having any luck ?
Do you mind if I go with you ?
I learned to negotiate 9 from my mother . I thought I was pretty good at bargaining , but I had a problem the other day at Kimble ’ s Department Store .
Yes , sir . Where would you like to go ?
Is it the one on Xi Shut Street ?
Well , how does it look ?
Let me pay for it now .
I think I'll use my credit card .
Here's my John Hancock .
Hello , I need a wake-up call tomorrow morning .
Actually , I need two calls , one at 7 and the other at 7 fifteen .
Do you know what , let's change the second call to 7 thirty .
Not at the moment , thank you .
You see , the bungee participants take a deep breath when they stand at the starting spot and then , like diving , their heads are over heels and they jump off into the realm of the combination of heaven and earth The wind roars at their ears and their bodies rapidly descend . They do not even have enough time to do several gymnastic movements and they are rebounded to the upper air by the cord .
A young French fellow recalled his first bungee experience and said , When I fastened the cord and walked to the platform , I was extremely nervous . When I looked down , I was nervous even more.If the cord had broken , I would be knocked to bake meat . However , I knew my worries were unwanted . I was afraid if I retreated others might say something about me . I had to harden my heart and impose my head downward . I only felt wind wiring at my ears . My body rapidly descended . I thought that after only seven or eight seconds I was rebounded to upper air by the cord . In fact it was 30 seconds . Maybe because of my nervousness , I only felt seven or eight seconds . When rebounding to the high altitude , I felt a sudden sense of relief . I did not feel nervous very much , but very comfortable .
Hello , is that John ?
I am calling to tell you some issues about the interview .
Welcome . How can I help you ?
This way please . We have a full range of products from cosmetics to skin cleansers .
Your T-zone gets oily easily , but your cheeks are dry in winter . Am I right ?
This " Cream of Olives " is our bestseller for combination skin . You can try it on your hand .
All right . Anything else ?
Stephanie ! Did you just get to school ? But you were up and about when I left the dorm this morning ! That was about an hour and a half ago . This happens all the time ! Why do you always take so long to get ready the morning ?
Please explain because it makes no sense to me . How can a girl ’ s routine be so complicated ? You get up , you shower , you get dressed , you brush your teeth , you ’ re out the door . Half an hour , tops .
True , I hardly ever see you without your hair done and your makeup on , even when you show up to class in sweatpants . Tell me , how long does it take you to choose that outfit in the morning ?
I have redecorated my bedroom . I decide to repaint the walls and change the pictures . I also bought a new pair of curtains . What do you think of it ?
I bought a new mattress and some fresh bedclothes . I also bought a new dressing table and a new bedside table .
do you think that I should get a new wardrobe ?
yes . I have so many clothes stuffed into it . Perhaps I should get rid of some of them . There are clothes in there that I never wear anymore .
that ’ s a good idea . After I get rid of the old clothes I no longer wear , I can see what new clothes I need to buy .
George speaks Japanese better than Frank .
My pal , you are so nervous recently . You don't need to be like that .
Just use your head . If you were definitely making some big mistakes , you would be informed .
That is merely a dream . Remember , there is always room for us to have further improvement . I think we did the good job in the whole period .
Hello , Could I speak to Mary , please ? This is Mrs . Fort here .
Ah , Mary , good evening . Look , I was wondering if you like to come to a party we are having on Friday ? There are many coming from the office .
I have the chills and an upset stomach .
For most of the week .
What do you think I should do ?
Good Morning.What can I do for you ?
Do you have a registration card ?
Then you need to register as a new patient.Can I have a look at you ID card ? I need your name , age , occupation , address and contacting number .
Thanks . Which kind of medicine do you prefer , western medicine or traditional Chinese medicine ?
Hi , Andy . I am going to Isabel ’ s . Are you coming ?
That is no problem at all . Isabel ’ s is having a clearance sale , and today is the last day . You don't want to miss such a good chance , do you ?
All right , but hurry up . It takes you hours to change .
I think so . They don't sell shoddy cloth for one thing .
She already bought that evening gown .
Yesterday . She wore that gown last night , and showed it off to everybody at Mr . Mile ’ s party .
Hurry up , will you ? We ’ ll have to go to the gas station first .
Hey there ! I ’ Ve been hoping to run into you . Are you busy tomorrow morning ?
I was hoping to talk to you about the sales projections for next year . I ’ m having a little trouble figuring out how to use the spreadsheet you set up for me . It has a lot of complicated form
Ooh . Sorry , that ’ s not good for me . I am tied up all day Friday . We ’ ll have to do it next week . I am wide open then .
Next time you buy veggies or fruits , have them bagged and weighed before you come here .
The total comes to US $ 65.81 . How will you pay today ?
Slide your card through the card ID pad and punch in your PIN .
One moment . Do you want to withdraw some cash while you're at it ?
Paper or plastic ?
Do you want paper or plastic bags for your groceries ?
May , do you mind helping me prepare for the picnic ?
Yes . It says it will be sunny all day . No sign of rain at all.This is your father's favorite sausage . Sandwiches for you and Daniel .
Okay . Please take some fruit salad and crackers for me .
All set . May , can you help me take all these things to the living room ?
Ask Daniel to give you a hand ?
Good morning , sir . Is there anything I can do for you ?
How about this one ? It's the special local product .
Hi , Deny . Are still working ?
So , you are leaving , aren't you ?
How nice ! I can see you are busying packing . I'm sorry to interrupt you .
Yes , could you please go over this for me ? and see if there is any mistake in it ?
Excuse me for taking your time .
Could you tell me something about your previous job ?
Didn't you like it ?
Why do you choose our company ?
What do you know about our company ?
John , I was talking to the travel agent about where we might be taking our vacation this year .
What are you talking about ?
You and I have been together for a whole year , and our vacation time should be about the two of us !
With that attitude , I don't really think we have much more to discuss here .
Which kinds of meat are most popular in your country ?
Yes , we do.We also eat a lot of lamb .
That ’ s right.They taste so good.We eat them with mint sauce.Have you ever tried them ?
I certainly can.If I can get some from the butchers , I ’ ll cook them for you .
Have you found another job yet , Sally ?
What kind of job are you looking for ?
You haven't had any experience in either of those fields .
Come on in . Let me show you around . Here ’ s the living room .
This is the kitchen .
Yes . We just renovated a few month ago .
Here ’ s the master bedroom .
$ 900 a month .
Yes . It includes electricity , water , gas and cable , but the telephone is extra .
The end of this month .
Sure .
Hello . Is everything OK ? Can I help you ?
That's no problem . Is it cash ?
Of course . If you could sign your name on the bottom line here , and write your address here . And please sign and date the back of every cheque and of course I'll need to see your passport .
Would you please recommend a diamond for me ?
I prefer a diamond mounted in a ring .
Do you guarantee its quality ?
Good morning , sir . May I help you ?
Do you want it for yourself or for your girlfriend ?
Please excuse me for what I said just now . What do you think of this one ?
Sorry . It is the smallest size we have .
Oh , yes . There is a big one at the right corner of the street . Perhaps you will get one there .
So people can go and root for their old school team ?
You don't sound too excited about going to your reunion .
Are you nervous about meeting up with your ex , Femi ?
Sorry , honey , something has cropped up again . I have to deal with it . Perhaps I will go to back home till very late .
Oh , come on . I will be back as early as possible .
Excuse me . I was wondering how to order office supplies .
I need paper , ink cartridges , and paper clips .
I need all of my supplies right away .
I will check to see what my budget is .
Please deliver them to my office .
Beijing Hotel . May I help you ?
For what time , sir ?
From August fifth to eighth . Just a moment . Yes , we have a vacancy for that period . What's your name , please ?
That's OK , Mr . Li , a double room with bath from the fifth of August to the eighth .
By the way , how do you like to pay for it ? This hotel prefers cash .
Not until you have paid 10 percent margin .
Excuse me for being late to work .
My car broke down .
Yes , I'll work on it .
Great ! Fill me in .
I don't understand the projected revenues .
Hello , this is Steven . May I speak to Mr . Xu ?
I need to make an appointment with you today .
3 o'ctock this afternoon .
Yes . That would be better .
No . Just let me see a doctor . I'm worried about my arm .
Steve Schliessman . S C H L I E S S M A N .
349-95- 8821 .
Yes , I do . Blue Cross .
No , I don't .
Can I sit down now ?
I want to make dinner tonight .
I don't have any idea what to cook .
Can you tell me how to make it ?
Okay , but what do I have to do to prepare it ?
What do I do after that ?
What else do I have to do ?
Hello , Mr Trent . What can I do for you this afternoon ?
Oh , I see . When are you leaving ?
Yes , of course . Well , let's get started . Would you show me your passport , please ?
Can I help you ?
To buy or to rent ?
How much do you want to pay ?
Well , I've got one here . It's 260 a month .
It's got a kitchen , a bathroom , and one bedroom .
Yes , I think so . There is also an interesting one . It's opposite the park .
It's 325 a month . It's the biggest we've got in this area .
Well , There're two bedrooms , a sitting room , a kitchen and a bathroom .
What kind of personality do you think you have ?
Do you think you are introverted or extroverted ?
Are you more of a follower or a leader ?
Hello ! I'm sorry to bother you . This is a complimentary fruit tray . Your food will be ready soon .
Actually , uh , I made it myself ...
Can I help you find something ?
Is there one in particular that you like ?
Ah yes , that is a great refrigerator .
It's both affordable and it comes with all the appliances .
It comes with an ice maker , water dispenser , and there is a lot of room inside .
Be my guest .
Excuse me , does this bus go to the new bookstore ?
Thank you . How much is the fare to that stop ?
How many stops are there ?
Could you please tell me when we get there ?
By the way , do I need a transfer again after No . 50 ?
There is a problem in my apartment .
A pipe broke in my wall , and water is leaking .
Yes , it ’ s creating mildew on the walls .
I can call a plumber to fix it right now .
Well , you can ’ t do it until tomorrow , and I need it fixed now .
You ’ re okay with me calling someone ?
What are you doing , Victor ?
What for ?
Party ? What party ?
Oh , I forget . Who ’ s invited ?
Can I help you get ready ?
Ok , just leave it to me . I ’ ll take care of it .
What did you do at the office today ?
What kind of things did you need to check ?
I see . Did anything else happen ?
It must be difficult to remember the details for each individual client .
I hate dealing with complaints . Was it a legitimate complaint ?
You certainly had a busy day .
Good morning , sir . Is there anything I can do for you ?
Sure . How do you like your suit ?
May I help you ?
What dose she look like ?
What was she wearing ?
When did you last see her ?
How long has it been ?
This is my first trip to Hong Kong , and I'd like to see some of the city's sights .
Only three days on business so I won't have a long time .
Do you have some information on these ?
Good afternoon , sir . May I help you ?
Do you want to mail it by air or by sea ?
How are you doing today ?
What can I do for you ?
How much would you like to take out ?
Which account would you like to take the money from ?
Okay , here you go .
Can I do anything else for you ?
I can ’ t believe the cost of apartments in New York City .
Of course I had heard about that , but now I know how expensive it is to rent a place here .
Why ? You pay so much for such a tiny space to live .
Would you like me to type it for you ?
Not at all . I ’ ll be glad to do it .
Shall I right out again first ?
Can I print it ?
Is this the right bus for San Francisco ?
When's the first stop ?
Thank you .
Sure , but only in the rear , and only cigarettes . And alcohol is not allowed .
What is the best way to find a job here ?
I don't know .
It doesn't matter right now , either one would be OK .
OK , I'll go check it out .
I am not sure .
Are you a visitor here ?
Have you been used to your new life ?
Did you see the news today ?
You know about the blackout last night , right ?
A bunch of people went looting last night .
They took full advantage of the lights being out .
The news reported that four stores were broken into .
The police don't know who did it .
Who is on duty ?
Your duty is to keep a check on those prisoners from now on .
Let's cross here .
Now we have to walk all the way down to the end of the street .
Sir , may I please see your license and registration ? Do you know how fast you were going ?
You're not sure ? You were going at 90 miles per hour ! That's 25 mph over the legal speed limit ! Have you been drinking ?
Then how can you explain your behavior ?
Not paying attention to the speedometer ? Why not ?
On a cell phone ?
Paul ? I need to work out a time to get together with your people .
It would be best if everybody could be there . How about next week sometime ?
Can I help you , sir ?
Can I have your key and room number , please ?
Here's your bill , sir . Could you please check it ?
Here you are , sir . You're all set . I hope you enjoyed your stay . And that next time you're in town , you will stay with us again .
The bell captain will put it in the storage room . When you're ready to leave , you can claim your luggage from him .
I like the Honda Accord you showed me before . I think it's more practical for my needs .
What does it come with standard ?
Cruise control ? I don't like that .
I think it's dangerous . What if I can't turn it off ?
I wish it didn't have cruise control . My wife doesn't like it either .
I suppose . And what about the sunroof ? Is that standard ?
I see . Another important question is the time I can get this car . I need a new car rather soon .
That's good enough , I think . What colors does the new Accord come in ?
My brother has last year's Accord.And his car is a kind of soft purple color mixed with silver . I really like that color . I wonder if I can get that color on my Accord .
Yes , I think that's it . Can I get that on the Accord ?
Well , I think I want to order the new Accord then.It looks like an excellent car .
Yes , I know . I think Honda is the most reliable car on the road . I would never change to anything else.The Honda I have now almost never has service problems . It runs smooth as silk .
Good morning . sir . How may I serve you today ?
Sure . Large or medium ?
Anything else to go ?
You've got it .
Sure . It's seven eighty-nine .
Could I help you on your new project ?
I want to help with both .
Most of the time that is what I prefer .
I am not sure yet .
I will do that .
To start with , may I know why you are interested in working for our company ?
Now you are with Quandong Company . What is your chief responsibility there ?
Do you have any questions about the job ?
Certainly . This is an international company , and ther're good chances for you to work overseas .
Ouch ! I just bit my tongue .
Hello , miss . I would like to check out .
Why ? I have stayed for 3 nights .
Excuse me , do you serve breakfast here ?
An American one , please . I am in a hurry .
What do you want , Essie ?
I don't want coffee . I'd like some orange juice .
I don't like coffee in this cafe .
What's the problem , sir ?
Do you keep the receipt ?
What do you want me to do about it ?
Alison , would you like to have some more ?
Actually you haven't had much .
That sounds ridiculous . Why ?
Do you have any tables ?
It's a nice color , and the style is not bad , but a bit too small . I'd like to get a slightly larger one .
Mmm , I like it . How much is it ?
Here is the money . Could you deliver this to my house ?
Here is my name card . Thanks .
Well , what did you think about the last candidate ? Do you think we should hire her ?
What made you think that she wasn't very confident ?
She was a bit nervous , I guess . What else ?
you're right . If she walked into meetings with our clients like that , it would make our company look bad , wouldn't it ?
I agree . I guess I was paying more attention to her answers than her body language .
That's true . I guess we'll have to keep looking for a manager then .
Fill it up with regular , please .
No , thanks . I'm in a hurry . How much is it ?
My throat is really dry .
Yes , I'm parched .
I was thinking about getting a soda .
Why not ?
I don't know what else to drink .
I would like some water .
I have a feeling you will get this job .
Just remember to be professional and polite . Oh , and don ’ t forget to smile .
Have you updated your resume recently ?
You ’ d better double-and-triple check it . You don ’ t want to have any embarrassing typos on your resume . Otherwise , you might shoot yourself in the foot .
Definitely . Oh , do you have a reference letter ?
I ’ m included on your list of references , right ? My praise of you could really make a difference .
Lindsay Tipping gave me your name as a reference . We are considering hiring her as an editor for our magazine .
How long was she employed with your company ?
Freelance , hmm . How do you think she will manage in an office environment ?
Hello . Do you have anything for a little girl ?
That's a great idea . Show me the Barbie dolls .
How lovely ! How much is she ?
No problem . Let me have one .
No , thank you . That's all I need at the moment .
I'll give you cash .
I'd like to have internet on my computer .
What are my options ?
Which one would you recommend ?
Why is DEL better ?
What exactly does that mean ?
That means that I can't use my phone and the internet at the same time , right ?
So , now I need your help again , if you don't mind . I'm taking a date to a restaurant .
She strikes me as being very sophisticated . Only the best will do for her .
I don't want to be cooped up in my own hotel tonight . How about another restaurant ?
Yes , that sounds like a winner . Would you please call them to reserve a table ?
Would you like a lift home ?
Can I get you any dessert ?
Excellent choice . ( He brings her the pie . After she finishes , the waiter comes back . ) Would you like anything else ?
Here you are . Thank you and have a nice evening .
Do you like Barry ?
I agree . I like his brother Paul . They are not alike .
What kind of person do you consider yourself to be ?
Oh , I don't think you're shy ! You are always chatting with new people when we go to a party .
You're right . I love going out and making new friends .
Have you given the puppies anything to eat today ?
Great ! Could you please bathe them later ?
Thank you ! Remember that they go to the vet this Saturday .
We need to have them there at 11
Hi , is that Jason ?
I am calling to let you know that you are expected to come for an interview in our branch .
I came here to get a chest X-ray .
What comes next ?
Should I do anything else ?
Is this OK ?
How come you are walking away ?
Will I be finished then ?
I'd like to check out .
No . I'd like to do that now .
Do you have a free moment ?
I am having some trouble . How do you use this printer ?
Silly me .
Oh , and it's out of paper . Do you have any more ?
I would like to buy one round trip plane ticket to Hong Kong , please .
Leaving on September 5th and returning to New York City on October 9th .
I prefer to sit next to a window .
I have a Master Card .
Body language in the interview is closely related to the job-hunter's image .
You should look the interviewer in the eye so as to show that you are carefully listening to him .
When you are seated , bent forward a little with your hands crossed , to show you respect the interviewer .
Proper posture can show your confidence .
Pay attention to keeping eye contact as well .
In a word , you should keep decent manners in the interview .
Hello , Elizabeth . How are you ?
Are you sure you're all right ? You look a bit worried today . Is anything wrong ?
Of course , if I can .
Oh dear ! That's terrible ! What was in your wallet ?
Well , if were you , I'd go to the police station straight away and report it .
Oh dear ! What a pity ! Are you sure you lost the wallet in the theatre ?
I think you should put an advertisement in the China Daily , saying when and where you lost it .
Good morning . Sales Division . Alex speaking .
Oh yeah ? I could use some . What ’ s up ?
Could you give me an expense report ? I would like to attach the invoices for my phone bill this season .
That is very kind of you . I ’ m just running out of glue .
Hi , Francis , morning ! How are you doing today ?
Indeed , I agree that is not a good start . How about the meeting ? You missed anything important ?
Was he unhappy with you not attending the meeting ?
is that your rabbit ?
that's good of you . why did you decide to get a rabbit .
rabbits aren't usually that affectionate , are they ?
i didn't know that . Are rabbits difficult to take care of ?
that sounds pretty easy . Do rabbits make your house smell ?
can you train a rabbit to do things ?
that's amazing ! Has she bitten you yet ?
Excuse me , but could you tell me if this bus goes to the National History Museum ?
I see . Where do I have to change then ?
How far is it ?
I see . Thanks a lot .
Excuse me , do you go to the Central Park ?
Could you please tell me when I get to the Central Park ?
( A few minutes later . ) Should I get off at the next stop ?
Is it a long ride ?
OK . I know . Thank you .
Hi Steve . What do you think of the new supplier ?
That's good service . Do we have to pay extra for that ?
Bill , where are we going to stay tonight ?
What's that ?
Well , that sounds good , I have never lived in a motel .
Oh , man . I had the best supper last night . My wife made a stir-fry and it was amazing !
Well , you can keep the vegetables , I ’ ll take the meat . The stir fry my wife made was really hearty , with chunks of beef and slivers of bell peppers and onion ...
What do you plan on making as a side dish for dinner ?
Do you know what kind ?
I wouldn't mind eating some corn .
What do you mean ?
You should throw some corn on the grill .
That sounds good .
Do you mind if I smoke ?
I wonder if you could help me ?
Could you take a picture of me to my friend ?
Where's the nearest tailor's ?
The jacket is tight in the shoulders and long in the sleeve . What about the price there ?
Is there a better tailor's around here ?
Where do you live ?
What's your permanent address ?
Where is your birthplace ?
Where is your domicile ?
Give me your telephone number , please .
I can't get into my room . I mean I left my room key inside .
Oh , did they ? Well , would you give us an extra key to the room ?
By the way , what should I do with the key when I go out ?
This is my favourite restaurant .
Yes , there might be some food you have never eaten before .
Oh yes . Like this , for example . Have you ever eaten jellyfish before ?
What about these ? Have you ever tried pig ’ s brains ?
Here is my boarding pass.Can you tell me where my seat is ?
Thank you . Can you please put my luggage in the overhead bin for me ?
Excuse me , How do I get to the Grand hotel ?
The Grand hotel , is it far from here ?
Well Mr . Black , I appreciate your interest in our company , but I doubt you can do this job properly .
I wish I could . But you even don ’ t have a B . A , so I ’ m sorry to say there ’ s no chance .
Mr . Black , I don ’ t think my boss will talk to you . It ’ s a Chinaman ’ s chance .
Can I go to my room , now ?
How about the repair fee ?
Great ! When can your technicians come to our factory ?
I've just contacted our technicians . They say they can go to your factory tomorrow afternoon . Can you tell me your factory's address , so they can find you easier ?
To provide the As excellent after-sales service is our motto . Please wait for our maintenance staff in your factory tomorrow afternoon . They will be there on time .
Can you drive ?
Are you willing to drive yourself if the job requires ?
One more thing , if you are wanted in this position , you must prepare to travel aboard frequently .
Would you mind relocating ?
It ’ s quite far away , though it's located in another part of the city . Are you planning to find a boarding house nearby ?
Good . Do you have any particular conditions that you want us to take into consideration ?
Then you'll need to know it's a hard job . You'll often have to work overtime or even on weekends .
Who's calling , please ?
What is it , John ?
I'm sorry , I've lost my tags and receipt . What can I do about it ?
It's a suitcase . Its colour is blue .
It's like this , it's square with a leather cover .
Yes , it is the right one
Here it is .
Ann ! Don ’ t you see the children are making so much noise here ? Why don ’ t you keep them occupied and out their mother ’ s hair ?
Ann , it's terrible !
Look , this is a pimple !
How come ?
I have no bad habit . I sleep eight hours a day , never eat spicy food , clean the face twice a day and so on . I have done a lot .
I wasn't aware of that !
I am afraid the label is not quite suitable for this locality . Could you quote us for the order with neutral cases ?
In that case , we'd like you to make some changes in the labeling .
First , the languages on the label should be in both English and French . Second , the red color doesn't suit our national customs . Could you print the label in some light colors such as yellowish or bluish ?
The brand name and the nice artwork need not be changed , but the net weight must be placed on the lower part of the panel .
I am interested in buying a house and need some information .
I am interested in Pasadena or Arcadia .
We need a medium-sized house with at least 3 bedrooms and 2 bathrooms .
Yes , we want to stay in the ABC School District .
I would love to have a home with a view .
Can you hold the end of this tape measure ?
I ' m taking some measurements for new curtains .
I thought we'll just fix up the wood floor.and use some paint for the walls .
What should I do when I find a job ?
Does it make a difference ?
If I get work for a few weeks , will I be terminated from EDD ?
I think mum should not take sides . After all , we are all her children .
It ’ s unfair .
How can I help you ?
What kind would you like to open ?
Do you already have an account with us ?
Do you want to transfer money from that account ?
How much ?
It ’ ll only take me a minute to complete your transaction .
I'd like to speak Dr.Johnson .
This is Robert Jordan.Would you ask him to call me back , please ?
Is there a bus in Altadena that'll take me to downtown LA ?
The 486 really goes downtown ?
How long is the bus ride ?
Is that right ?
Is that a crowded bus ?
Thank you very much .
Hello . My name ’ s Linda Brown . What can I do for you today ?
Certainly . First , I would like to ask you some questions to identify your needs before I show you what we have .
What price range are you interested in ?
Okay . Do you have a special location in mind ?
When would you like to move in ?
How about the end of this month ?
Are there any special features that you would like to have , such as , a dishwasher , a balcony , a swimming pool , central air conditionining , etc . ?
Okay . Here are the photos of the apartments that fit your preferences .
Yes . It ’ s only 5 minutes walk from the campus .
Is there any way of ensuring we'll have enough time for our talks ?
So our evenings will be quite full then ?
Don't use a hair spray . I want my hair set and dried .
That's all right.Thank you .
Shall I take a picture of all of you ?
All right . Say cheese !
You ’ re welcome . I hope it'll come out well .
Can I have a look at your international timetable ?
Yes . Do you have any direct flight to Tokyo ?
What about a flight to Paris ?
Excuse me . I wonder if you can help me .
I'm completely lost . I'm trying to find the way to my daughter's home .
Her home is between the China hotel and Li Sheng Theater .
I'm grateful to you .
How is your job search 1 going , Janet ?
Are you serious ? You studied mathematics at college for four years , and now you have a job working with your hands !
I can see that . But I didn ’ t know you had experience in that line of work .
Mom . I have to go school shopping . There's only one more week left .
I have this list of stuff that I need and I only have half the dough .
Do I have a choice ? Uh . That's a no . What can I do ?
What seems to be the problem , kid ?
Ah ... How long have you been like this ?
Do you have any stomachache ?
Open your mouth and say ah ... God , you are suffering from the swelling of tonsils .
Yes , I am sure that you got the flu . You need a shot .
Yes , that's for sure . But it is not that bad . It's gonna be all right .
Be brave , young man . Only girls cry when given an injection .
Would you consider an offer of $ 56,000 per year ?
Our standard package includes health insurance , two weeks vacation and a company car .
Uh ... not normally . What do you have in mind ?
What an interesting idea , Ms . Wilson . Would you also be willing to accept a cut in initial salary ?
Now tell me , what's your problem ?
Do you have a fever ?
Certainly not . Take one of these white pills three times a day .
Hi Jane , you look great .
Yes , I took off 4 kilos . I am glad you notice it .
No no , I just changed my eating habits . I eat a balanced meal . and I eat less than before .
What a beautiful day !
I was worried about canceling the climbing .
What about taking the cable car ?
Wow , What a long queue this is !
Daddy , look ahead in the distance , the mountains there . They roll all the way up to the sky .
So you wanna stay here ?
What can I do to help you ?
I could do some typing for you .
Sure I will get to do that right now .
I have worked here long time .
I'm not sure . Let me think about it .
Good morning , I ’ m Daniel . I ’ m applying for the positon of manager .
I got to know your company through such famous brands as LUX , LIPTON and WALLS . After making a customer survey , I was glad to find out how your products are appreciated by millions of Chinese .
It ’ s the job I ’ m interested in . And your company is the best-known . Although I don ’ t have much experience as a manager , the job description you sent to me was very interesting . It ’ s a job I ’ Ve been dreaming of and I feel suited to fill it .
I don ’ t think so . As the saying goes , A great oak needs deep roots . I ’ m really interested in this job .
Excuse me , can I order now , please ?
I ’ d like the lasagna , please .
What can I do for you ?
We have many pairs for couples . Look at this counter .
You have a very good taste , this pair is the latest product .
Both of them are luminous with a time reminder function . They don't need battery , because they can absorb energy from the sun .
In addition , they are waterproof and shockproof .
We guarantee the quality of the product for 12 months . We also provide a worldwide warranty .
2,200 $ .
We look forward to your early reply and trust that through our mutual cooperation we shall be able to conclude this transaction with you in the near future .
Hello , is there anything I can do for you ?
Have you made a reservation ?
So your room number is 201 . Are you a member of our hotel ?
I know why Mr . Fro didn't like our ad idea ! He doesn't know the first thing about coffee .
Let's take him some of Kitty's best and make the pitch again .
Can I help you , madam ?
Would you like to try this one on ?
All right.How about this one ?
Hello ? Is this the Maintenance Department ?
We ’ re having a lot of trouble with our printer . Could you come and take a look at it sometime this afternoon ?
I'm sorry , Julia ! I can't get home early this evening .
I know , darling . But I do have a lot of work to do , hope you can understand me .
Hello , Julia ? I can't hear you clearly . I'm afraid the line is out of order . Okay , B , listen ! How about I hang up now and call you back later ?
What can I help you with today ?
What's the problem ?
Is there anything else wrong with it ?
I can come down and fix that for you if you'd like .
How does this afternoon at 2:30 sound to you ?
Alright , so I'll see you then ?
Room service.May I come in ?
Sir , this is the coffee and bread you want.Can I put it here ?
$ 6 .
Excuse me , could you tell me whether there is a restaurant near here ?
I'm afraid there must be a lot of people there .
But we don't know the telephone number .
You are so kind ! Thank you very much .
Pardon me . Does your hotel have a fitness facility ?
Great ! Where is it ?
Do I have to pay extra ?
What are the gym hours ?
Great ! Is a trainer available ?
How do you think the report I wrote ?
I jumped the gun .
Excuse me . Do you know how to get to the mall ?
Do you know the address ?
Can you write it down for me please ?
Is it faster if I take Highland avenue ?
Excuse me , sir . Can I help you ?
This is the house I want to rent .
No problem . First , it's comfortable and cozy . Second , it has a lovely view of the city . Third , it has all kinds of electric appliances that we need , such as refrigerator , electric stove , heating apparatus , washing machine and dishwasher . Forth is the most important , the electricity is free of charge . Finally , it's located in the center of the city and the transportation is convenient .
200 dollars per week .
It certainly is . But to tell you the truth , the room is so large that I can share it with someone else , and that will decrease the total amount of the rent .
Don't you think I can save some bus fares since it ’ s easy to go anywhere from here and it ’ s near the place where I work ?
Twice a week for work and once for shopping .
You ran the stop sign . May I see your driver's licence , please ?
That doesn't justify your violation . May I see your licence , please ?
Well , sir , your insurance looks good , but I still have to write you a ticket .
Tell me , Mr . Han . What do you suggest if we establish long term business relations ?
I am all ears .
Sure . As for our financial situation , you can inquire about them in the national bank . They handle all our financial documents .
A very good question . It's very honorable for me to tell you that our business relations cover all over the world and they all have very good business reputation .
We deal with kid's clothing , women's clothing , and men's clothing . You name it we deal with it .
As for the regular customers , we have some favorable terms for them .
For the substantial regular customers , we offer 5 % commissions .
Excuse me . I'd like to cash the traveler's check .
In tens and fifties , please .
Hi , I ’ m the superintendent of this building . What can I do for you ?
Sure . Let ’ s go .
$ 850 a month .
No . Utilities are extra .
It ’ s on the other side of this floor .
We allow one or two pets but you have to pay a $ 300 deposit .
If your pet ruins the apartment walls or carpet we ’ ll keep your pet deposit . If not , we ’ ll return your deposit when you move out . But be careful , we don ’ t allow pet snakes in the apartment .
We do . We will spray the apartments before you move in .
Will you tell me the situation ?
And then ?
I'm afraid you must give up the cash . Are you insured ?
Mr.Sellers ? It's Steven speaking , your tenant . We've just suffered a power failure.What should I do now ?
Yes , I do .
How do I know if it's blown out ?
Then what shall I do ?
Can I bring you anything else ?
Let me get this .
Are you sure ?
Verry sorry to have kept you waiting so long . What do you want , Madam ?
How long would you like your haircut today ?
You wanna tight , medium or naturally curly perm ?
How about you hair style ?
Well , with perm we can do very kinds patterns such as bob , chocolate hairstyle or bang.Which do you prefer ?
It looks wonderful .
What do you think of it ?
Is there anything I can do for you ?
Yes.we have herb medicine and ready-made medicine .
I want to check out today . My plane leaves at 3 p . m .
I am in Room 205 . My name is Bill Smith . When shall I check out ?
Oh , I didn't know that .
That's very considerate of you . May I have my bill ?
How much is it ?
I'd like it to be charged to my credit card .
Show me your passport and declaration please .
Do you have anything to declare ?
I am calling to apply to work in your agency of entry .
Yes . I know many ambassadors in Chinese Embassy and British Embassy in China .
Good morning , Mrs . Smith .
What kind of books does she like ?
Excuse me !
We're ready to order . A cup of coffee for me , and a glass of oranges for her .
Just black coffee . Do you serve anything else besides drinks , say cake .
I feel chilly and I've got a pain in my abdomen .
Almost a week .
What should I do ?
Lisa , are there family rules in this house ?
Like what ?
Is there anything else ?
Her room is very neat and clean .
Wangfujing Grand Hotels . How can I help you ?
Could you hold the line , please ? I will check out our room availability for those days ... Yes . we have a few vacancies next weekend . We have double rooms , suites and deluxe suites in Japanese , Roman . French and presidential styles , which one do you like best ?
OK . Could I have your name , please ?
OK , Ms . Monica . I've reserved a double room for you next Saturday and Sunday night . We will see you then !
Calvin , how much money did you spend last weekend ?
Why don ’ t you help me save money ? You are always spending money .
I ’ m sorry . I guess I ’ m too extreme when it comes putting money in the bank .
What did you say ?
Well , I feel a little tired .
Then can you wait a few minutes ? I want to finish writing this letter .
I won't be long . No more than ten minutes . Why don't you go ahead and I'll meet you in the park ?
Hello , China Travel Agency . Can I help you ?
Just a moment , please . I'm sorry but the flights are fully booked on that day . The next available flight is on May 2nd . They have two flights , one is at 9:30 a . m . and another at 2:00 p . m . Both flights have seats available .
One way trip or round trip ?
Economy fare for one way trip is 2,300 yuan .
Yes , I have confirmed your ticket .
Great Britain Airline , anything I can do for you ?
Hold on please , I will check for you . Flight GB152 takes off every day at 13
We can't go that way , the road is blocked for the next few days .
Some high speed chase scene , I think .
I think that they get a pretty good payoff .
I don't know about all of that , but think about it , their business gets free publicity !
Can I help you ?
A single ?
Please fill out this form , sir .
Here are your keys . Check out time is noon .
Mr . Lee , all ready to check out ? We ’ Ve already prepared your bill , and housekeeping has done a quick check of the room . How will you be paying ?
The bill is itemized , so take some time to look through it and make sure we ’ Ve charged you for the correct services . Most of your extra charges were for phone calls and room service .
That ’ s the mini-bar . Each day we check what ’ s missing and restock it . The items you consume are put on your bill .
Those are for pay-per-view movies . Each time you selected a movie , the entertainment system prompted you to confirm that you really wanted it , right ?
Hello , Vicki .
Well , you can have it for eleven hundred — as a friend .
What ? Seven hundred ?
No , one thousand at least .
You ’ re a thief , Vicki . But I guess , eight hundred and fifty is all right .
There's so much to do and so little time .
Yes . We're going to be married in my hometown church , the first minute of the new millennium !
All set . And we're having a red bean cake and dim sum for the Taiwanese guests , just like your mom wanted .
Hi ! How are things going with you ?
Believe it or not , the company I worked for closed down , so I ’ m out of a job .
I am not being all that particular right now because I just need to keep a roof over my head .
I wish that I could get the opportunity to be interviewed .
I read about that , and the position sounded great !
how are you doing ?
what happened to him ?
was it his first offence ?
what happened to him then ?
did they take his license away ?
what do you think will happen to him ?
that doesn't sound too promising . Does he have a defence lawyer ?
my sister is a lawyer . I can ask her if she can help him .
Did you get a good look at the suspect ?
Do you think you could pick him out of a line-up ?
Could you please look at the five men in this line-up ?
Do you recognize the suspect ?
What number ?
Thank you very much for your cooperation .
Hello , Green Trading Company . What can I do for you ?
Yes , it will be at three o ' clock this afternoon .
Didn't we make that appointment a long time ago ?
How about Friday afternoon ?
Did you hear the news ?
Our cousin went into labor and had her baby last week .
I would've thought that somebody would have told you .
Well , she did , her baby was 8 pounds 6 ounces .
Are you going to go and visit her and the baby ?
Good ! I just thought I'd let you know .
Didn ’ t you punch in this morning , Monica ?
That ’ s ok . I should have told you earlier . This is a company rule .
According to the company rule , we should punch in before 8 o ’ clock and punch out after 5 o ’ clock every work day .
From 11:30 to 1 o ’ clock .
Could you give some information on your European tours ?
I would be interested in a ten-day trip around Christmas time .
What is the cost ?
That sounds reasonable . Let me think it over . And I'll call your back to make reservation .
Are you through with your meal ?
Here is your check , 86 dollars in all . Can I take care of it here when you are ready ?
No , I'm sorry we don't . We accept credit cards and cash .
I'll be right back .
I see . I'll bring some to-go boxes for you .
I'd like to see a tea set , please ?
They're OK , but I prefer chinese ones .
Could you help me figure out how to look for a job ?
I want to work in an office .
I want to work full-time .
I am confused a bit but I am sure that I can figure it out .
No , I don't think I need to do that .
So how ’ s everything going for Christmas ?
What ’ s that ? Don ’ t tell me you ’ Ve still got Christmas cards to write , it usually takes my wife a month to write all of ours .
He still doesn ’ t know that Santa isn ’ t real ? How old is he , eight ?
You think it ’ s better that he should be told ?
That happened to my oldest girl . She became really upset when her classmates told her Santa wasn ’ t real .
I'd like to open a one-year time deposit account and a checking account .
Okay , here are the forms . Can I use traveler's checks to open the account ?
It ’ s a beautiful day here in New Zealand at the Men ’ s Volleyball world championship . My name is Rick Fields and I ’ m joined by the man with the plan , Bob Copeland .
The ref signals the start of the game and here we go . Ribero serves and China quickly receives the ball . Chen bumps it to the setter , and ... a very nice set by Chen !
It ’ s China ’ s service now . What a superb jump serve by Li , oh , and we have a let serve . The ball was coming in fast and almost made it over the net .
Oh , my God ! I feel nothing is going smooth .
Good afternoon , Chloe , I ’ m Doctor Evans.What seems to be the problem ?
Ah I see , yes you do sound rather croaky.Well let ’ s have a look , shall we ? Could you please open your mouth and say ah .
Good , yes , your tonsils are a little swollen and red . How are your ears , blocked at all ?
Ok Chloe , can you please breathe in and out slowly for me while I listen to your chest ? You really are all bunged up , you don ’ t sound too good at all . Ok , I ’ m going to set you up with a bunch o
Absolutely not ! You are highly contagious ! You don ’ t want to infect the rest of your co-workers do you ? I recommend staying in bed for at least three days and drinking plenty of fluids so yo
Ha-ha , sure not a problem ! Here you are.Now off you go and away to bed . If you have any questions just give me a call ! Feel better soon and take care .
Maria sings like a lark , doesn't she ?
Maybe she'll make a famous singer in the future .
What did you say your stop was ?
Oh , then you should have gotten off at the last stop .
In 1986 , a New Zealander Hackett popularized Bungee as a commercialized sport of mass entertainment . This sport is very challenging . It is a test of people's psychological ability of endurance . Especially when descending , as if they are watching a fast forward tape and when they bounce back , they sway around . The timid people will shrink back at the sight of it . Even if they jump off , they find it hard to avoid screaming with closed eyes . No wonder people give the title ' brave ' to anyone who jumps off .
Entrusting life to the care of a rope indeed requires infinite courage .
Excuse me . What's the actual flying time from here to San Francisco ?
Can you tell me what time we're arriving ?
I see .
How many pieces of luggage do you want to check , sir ?
Ok.Is this your luggage properly labelled , sir ?
Ok.Would you please put all your luggage on the scales ?
Hand-baggage is not to be weighed , sir ... I'm sorry , sir , you're 25 kilos overweight . I'm afraid there'll be an excess luggage charge , sir .
Would you like to introduce me to Mr.Johnson ?
Amy , you don't look so well . What happened ?
Do you feel anything else ?
Have you had similar feelings before ?
Don't worry . I believe you are just not agreeing with the local climate . I will get you some medicine . You will be alright after a good rest .
Who wants to go first ? Allen ?
OK . Put on something by the Backstreet Boys !
Good day . Is this the Business Centre ?
I want to make a deposit .
A Current Deposit , please .
Arm ... just the usual , Current Deposit please .
Is there anything I can do for you ?
Yes , sir . We promised that .
Good morning .
I want to place a long-distance call to London . Is this the right counter ?
All right . Can you tell me when I will be able to get through ?
Have you given the puppies food yet ?
Good job ! Please give them a bath later on today .
Thanks . But don't forget that they have a vet appointment this Saturday .
They need to be there at eleven in the morning .
Which do you prefer , sour peppery soup or four-jewel soup ?
May I know your full name ?
How do you spell your family name ?
What is your present address ?
May I ask your telephone number ?
Where are you from ?
May I ask the date of your birth ?
This is a very good meeting , Liz .
I think we have . Is there anything else to discuss ?
Then let's call it a day , shall we ?
Hi , I am so glad to see you .
You know , I'm about to graduate and I have to look for a job as soon as possible . But I haven ’ t the faintest idea of how to go about finding a job .
I guess first I should prepare a resume , right ?
Then what else should I put into my resume ?
I got it . Then I should mention my educating background and working experience , should I ?
I see . Is that all there is to it ?
Oh , good point . You mean here I should show off my special skills and talents to impress the boss .
That's easy .
Would you like to order now , madam ?
How would you like your steak , rare , medium , or well-done ?
What kind of potatoes would like to go with that , mushed , boiled , or baked ?
Good , and would you care for soup or salad to start with ?
Will you have desert to be , madam ?
Did you get your bus pass ?
Why haven't you got it ?
I know where to get them from .
They sell them at the business office on campus .
I'm sure you didn't .
Don't mention it .
There're traffic jam everywhere this hour of the day !
This sucks . I hate buying lingerie . Okay , just find something and get out of here . Alright , these are fine . Oh , no , don ’ t come over here , don ’ t come over here .
Um , I ’ m just having a look around . It ’ s my girlfriend ’ s birthday tomorrow . I'm trying to find her something .
Sure that ’ s fine.This is so awkward ... what ones do I pick ? What size is she ?
Just pick something and get the hell out of here.Um , I'll go with these two.This is mortifying . I just want to get this over with.She better thank me for this ...
Finally !
OK , folks , let's get to work . We need to come up with some ideas for the new essentials perfume campaign . This is a really big contract and we are under a lot of pressure here to impress the client .
Isn ’ t he the best instructor ? I think he ’ s so hot . Wow ! I really feel energized , don ’ t you ?
What ’ s wrong ? Didn ’ t you think it was fun ? !
Oh , no , get off it . It wasn ’ t such a killer class . You just have to get into it . Like they say , no pain , no gain .
Look , next time get yourself some comfy shoes . You ’ re gonna come back again with me , aren ’ t you ?
I found an apartment to rent .
I found it in today ’ s apartment ads .
I actually found it in the ads , and it ’ s not too expensive either .
All you really need to know is that the apartment looks great .
Every month I ’ d only have to pay $ 725 .
It is , isn ’ t it ?
Please pull your vehicle over to the side of the road . Please roll down your window .
Have you been drinking ?
Really ? But I can smell alcohol on your breath . Blow to the breathalyzer , please .
If you refuse the blow , you'll receive a ticket and your vehicle will be impounded .
Your BAC exceeds legal limit .
I'll have to write you a ticket and impound your vehicle .
I want to subscribe to The New York Times.How do you feel about it ?
Excuse me , sir . I've made a tough decision and here is my resignation .
I'm sorry to bring up my resignation at this moment , but I've decided to study abroad .
Thank you , sir . I'd like to say that I ’ Ve really enjoyed working with you . However , I think it ’ s about time for me to leave .
your muscles are a spectacle !
By the way , do you work out ?
I'll try one of these on . ( The customer tries one of the shoes on . ) It's too big . It slides up and down my heel when I walk around .
Not really . It pinches my toes .
I don't know ... well , I guess I'll take them , since you don't seem to have anything better .
Why have you stopped production ?
OK . Make sure the power is switched off then tighten up all the bolts on the unit and replace the broken blade . Why is there oil all over the floor ?
Could you drive me to the bank ?
Go down this road and then turn left .
I'm really glad that you came to see me .
I was missing you too .
I've actually been busy lately .
I've just been working really hard .
Tell me what you've been doing .
Well whatever , I'm glad you came .
Good coming .
Never mind , come right in . I've almost finished.You always keep the room neat and tidy , I must say.It saves me a lot of work , but you should let me do it .
It's very considerate of you to do so . Do you have any laundry today ?
Excuse me , where is the nearest gas station ?
To the traffic lights ?
Left at the lights ?
Right at the bridge ?
Wow ! So many students crowded in . More than I excepted , we are lucky to arrive in hour earlier . Or else we definedly have problems to getting good seats .
Yeah , I hate sitting in the front row .
That would be great .
Can I help you ?
May I have your name , please ?
OK . Let me see . Air China has a flight on October 15th at 10:00 in the morning .
Single or return ?
Economy fare for single ticket from New York to Beijing is 400 dollars .
Yes . Please arrive at the airport one hour before departure .
I would like to take my vacation next month .
I would like to take my two weeks vacation time .
Great . I will make my reservations as necessary .
Can you tell me what happened here ?
Did you see the car before it hit you ?
Which lane were you in ?
What was your speed then ?
Which direction were you coming from ? And which direction were you going ?
OK , please move your vehicle off to the side of the road . We will check on it . Do you feel like you need an ambulance , Miss ?
Could you hold the elevator , please ? Thanks a lot .
I'm headed to the 18th floor , the top floor .
Do you work there ? I have an interview today with Dale Mendoza . Do you know her ?
Do you have anything to declare ?
You can take 100 cigarettes and 2 bottles of wine with you free of charge .
Ms . Wang , this is Mr . Cooper , president of Ivy Publishing .
Nice to meet you , Ms . Wang . You must be exhausted after your long trip from Canada .
How do you like it ?
Sure . We can deliver it to your home .
How much altogether ?
Do you receive cash only ?
Excuse me , where is the nearest bank ?
Could you tell me your education background ?
Where did you go to university ?
What degree did you get ?
What was your major ?
What was you G . P . A ?
Do you plan to pursue further education ?
When do you think you will do that ?
May I come in ?
Hello , Mr . Liang . I've done with the work . My report is here so please give me new instructions .
Would you please have a look at my report ? I hope the project meets your demand .
If you have any questions about it , please don't hesitate to tell me . I'll go . Bye .
I ’ ll take this blouse and skirt please .
Can I pay by card ?
Do you have a United States R . N . license ( i . e . Registered Nurse license ) ?
Could you tell me about your professional education ?
What can I do for you ?
OK , let me see . This white shirt can be washed in water with hands , but this suit and the woolen sweater should be dry-cleaned .
Yes , the cost for dry-cleaning is three times of that for ordinary laundering . But for suits and sweaters , you can only take them to the dry cleaners ' .
Did it ever shrink or fade ? Generally speaking , the dark-colored clothes always fade away gradually .
Never mind . You can leave them to me .
It's very simple . Divide the clothes by the colors , and wash them in cold water . If you've got some special stains on them like sugar , coffee or something else please let the dry cleaner know .
Good morning , Mr Croft .
Do you have an appointment ?
Is it urgent ?
Can you come at 10 am on Monday , April 24th ?
The dentist is very busy at the moment . Can you come at 2 PM ?
I'm afraid that he can't , Mr Croft . Can't you wait till this afternoon ?
What are you guys doing over there ?
I ’ Ve been waiting for a response on the Blake Building design for nearly two weeks .
How can I help you ?
Did you have anything specific in mind ?
Well , you made a good choice . Coming to us , I mean . We have a full range of products from cosmetics to skin cleansers and moisturizers .
Our foundation is very high quality , only the finest ingredients . It will moisturize your skin and it has a sun block rating of 8 .
Let me show you . We have this rose colour . We also have different shoes of beige .
ln this size , we sell it for 53.95 .
What you're paying for , Ma'am , are the ingredients . It is a very high quality product .
I'm going to New York for the first time , but I don't have a tour guide . Can you give me any suggestions ?
That's interesting . What does it do ?
Good . Where can I get the questionnaire ?
Can I order take-out here ?
Then could I have four orders , please ?
Will it take long ?
Hi , may I get you anything to drink ?
Would you like an appetizer ?
Sure , would you like anything else ?
Okay , tell me when you want to order the rest of your food .
What would you like ?
Sure , will there be anything else that I can get you ?
I saw your ad in The New York Times . I am seriously considering one of the apartments listed in it .
The two-bedroom apartment on 38th east street .
That's why I think it may suit my needs .
The ad says the rent would be 840 dollars per month . Is it true ?
Will it possible for me to rent the apartment on a month-by-month basis ?
So click here , then up to the top .
Then open that window . Yeah , that one .
And that's it . You're done .
How do you like your job here , Linda ?
Why ?
I'm happy to hear that , but publishing is more than just talking to writers . it involves a lot of work , patience and responsibility . Most of the work is boring .
Do you have any complaints ?
Yes , you have many opportunities to grow in this company as long as you do well .
Hello.This is room 1205.Our message lamp is flaming .
Thank you .
Would you bring the message to my room ?
Then I'll come down and pick up the message immediately .
What's the matter with you , Mary ? You look a bit pale .
Have you taken any medicine ?
Excuse me . When's the next bus ?
Oh , good . That'll be the number forty four ?
So when's the next forty-four ? Will it be here soon ?
So when will it be here then ?
Never ?
Excuse me , this is my first time on a plane . How do I check in ?
Yes . Here you are .
No , I only have a handbag .
Is that all ?
Did you watch the finale last night ? My favorite singer won !
Yeah , he got booted after his initial performance in the audition , but he did not give up . He then tried at another two auditions .
Me too .
Yeah , there're so many excellent candidates out there . Who knows which one will make it to the final ?
He really did a great job in the finale , especially in the PK round . He performed so well that the majority of the audience cast their votes for him .
Can you change American dollars into French francs .
Fifty dollars . What is the exchange rate today ?
Yes , please . and you can cash my travelers check . Can ’ t you ?
I won ’ t to be here tomorrow . What are you business hours ?
Thank you .
I'll be late because I have waited so long !
I'd better take a taxi .
Does the material stand washing ?
Is it drip-dry ?
Hello , Mr . Smith , I am returning to Shanghai by the 10:00 plane . I am calling to thank you for all your help during my stay here .
Next time you are in Shanghai , please let me know , and let me be of some assistance to you .
do you have any plans for dinner tonight ?
I was thinking maybe we could make dinner together tonight . What do you think ?
I could teach you how to cook something healthy . Frozen pizza are so bad for you !
I recently saw a piece for spicy chicken curry in a magadize . Maybe we could try that ?
I bought all the ingredients this morning , so let's start !
first , you need to wash the vegetables and then chop them into little pieces .
yes . Once it gets hot , put a little oil in it , add the vegetables and stir-fry them for a few minutes .
that needs to be cut into thin strips about 3 cm long and then it can be stir-fried on its own until its cooked through .
I'll prepare it . Do you prefer white rice or brown rice ?
I'm going to need a taxi .
A private vehicle , huh ? No , a taxi is okay .
No , I wouldn't be caught dead in a limo .
I'm headed to Rockefeller Center .
Right now .
Good , I'm leaving my room in about one minute .
Good morning , I want a room tonight .
Single , please .
Yes . I made a reservation in shanghai .
Yeah . Let me see . Is this the one you want ?
Wu Mei . That ’ s my name .
Is this room with a bath room ?
Can you give me a quiet room ?
What ’ s the room rate ?
Three nights I scheduled .
Is that right ?
Your room Number is 827 . The bail-boy will take your bags and show you to your room .
Good morning . Ru Via Hotel , Room Reservation . Can I help you ?
How and in whose name has the reservation been made ?
Please wait a moment . I'll check it in the computer . Thanks for your waiting . You've booked 10 standard rooms for trade negotiation for March 5th , 6th and 7th , is it correct ?
How much is an airmail letter to Japan ?
I'd like a 20 - cent stamp , please .
When you are in a restaurant and you want the waiter to bring the bill , what do you do to attract his attention ?
I went out with my girlfriend to a nice restaurant last night and I noticed that many people shouted for the bill .
That ’ s what I thought . I just thought I ’ d ask you and see what you thought of it . Anyway , what did you do yesterday evening ?
Did you ? How is he these days ?
I need to move some furniture . Could you help me to lift it ?
Can I ask you a question ?
How do you get along with the American students in your classes ?
Really ? Why not ? Don ’ t you go up and talk to them ?
You won ’ t get anywhere that way . You ’ re the one who needs to practice English , so you should make the first move . Besides , most American students are really friendly and outgoing . They will be glad to talk to you .
Miss , please give something to drink .
Do you have whisky ?
Well , in that case please give me some free drink .
Hmm . Not bad . I think I look younger with shorter hair .
I just want a light wave . I look really silly if my hair is too curly .
Super . How long will I have to sit under the Hot Cap ?
Decent dressing and appearance , which contribute to a good first impression of the interviewer , are surely quite important .
Whatever you wear , it should perfectly reflect your confidence and vitality
Gentlemen should wear western-style suits in the interview , which will help you look handsome .
But those fashionable and shiny clothes should be avoided .
You should present the best of yourself in order to achieve success in the interview .
In a word , dressing and appearance are indeed important , but it should never be all .
There's a problem with my credit card .
A charge came up on my bill that I didn't make .
The charge was for a $ 350 purse , but I did not buy it .
I would know if I bought something that expensive .
It was bought on November 12th at 3
Until this investigation is finished , will I have to pay for the charge ?
Good evening , welcome to Rainbow Restaurant . May I take your coat , please ?
Have you booked already ?
I ’ d like to be fitted for a suit please .
Well , I thought that I would choose either this one or that one . I really want a dark blue suit . Which do you recommend .
Yes . I can feel the difference in material . There ’ s not much difference in price . Ok , I ’ ll take the more expensive one .
That ’ s fine . I would also like a few shirts and a jacket . I don ’ t need them specially made . Those shirts over there look very nice . Are they made of cotton ?
I ’ ll take three light blue ones , please .
Just a casual one - a sport jacket . This one looks nice . I ’ ll just try it on ... yes , that ’ s fine . I ’ ll take it . Here ’ s my credit card .
I've been working hard for a whole year . I really need a break .
You said it . I'm looking forward to my annual vacation .
Later this month . I can't wait !
Can I help you ?
We have various colors . How about this one ?
You have a very good taste . It's our best seller .
I can ’ t make out anything , the words are too light . I thought they have already changed the toner cartridge this month .
Ok , no problem . We do it ourselves .
How are your Chinese and English ?
How would you consider your salary if you succeed in becoming a translator in our company ?
Hi . Is there anything I can do for you ?
If you could show me your details , please . What can I do ?
We can amend it for you as long as your customer agrees to the amendment .
Hello , Oriental Hotel .
I ’ m sorry , Mr . Baker ’ s not in . May I take your message ?
I ’ d like to talk to you for a second , please .
I ’ d like to know why you ’ re always taking credit for work we ’ Ve done together like that line in the new Ice Cream ad ?
Taylor , you're looking a little pale . Are you sure you want to hand out nametags ?
True . Keep up the good work . Hello , welcome to the reunion of the Class of ' 93 .
And don't forget to put in an order for your reunion memory book .
Would you like something to eat ?
Would you like to call home ?
Please use the phone .
Welcome , what would you like to order ?
Would you like everything on it ?
Do you want any fries ?
Can I get you anything to drink ?
Is that everything ?
You're welcome , and your total is $ 5.48 .
Mike , I'm afraid I can't come back home for dinner tonight .
I'm sorry . Our company has just opened . There are always too many things to handle . You know that .
Please forgive me . You have my word . I'll spend some time with you on the weekend . I promise .
I am fed up the ready-made suit . Can you recommend me some stuff for me to make one ?
Taxi .
I am going to the railway station .
Thank you . Can we get there in half an hour ?
My train will leave at 3:00 , I'll have to arrive there before 2:50 .
Can't we go faster ?
What do you know about our company ?
Very good . If you enter this company , what department would you like to work in ?
OK . Oh , how much do you make at your current job , if you don ’ t mind my asking ?
Well , the starting salary for a clerk in our company is 2,500 yuan monthly and after three months he would get a raise if his work is satisfactory .
Sure , we provide semi-annual bonus , a small bonus at Spring Festival , four weeks paid vacation a year .
We can buy that for you .
Hello . In order to kill your time you can experience our facial massage for free .
This way please . First , we should clean your face with our clarifying cream . And then we use the massage cream . Next do the massage . I hope that you can feel comfortable .
I need help picking out a lotion .
I picked up some poison oak while hiking , and I can ’ t stop itching .
Do you find that one works better than the other ?
Is there anything I can take that will help with the itching ?
Thank you for helping me figure out what to do with my poison oak .
I'm free on Sunday . I'd like to take a look in Beijing City , could you tell me where to go ?
Any place will be fine . you make the decision .
I will pick you up at your hotel at eight in the morning .
Linda , have you prepared fully for tomorrow's meeting ?
Great , we don't expect any big problems to happen .
Thank you , 175 yuan .
Here is your change and your receipt.Do you have goods unpaid on you , sir
I'm sorry I need to call the security to have a look .
Sorry , sir , it's my job to make sure the goods are paid .
Sure . Ah ... That's the problem . Have you paid for it
Let me see ... Oh , I am awfully sorry sir .
Paul , a company called me for an interview .
How ?
OK .
Is a white blouse OK ?
How about make up ?
What will you have ?
Which do you prefer , meat or fish ?
Then why don't you try the Chef's Steak Special ?
I am here to sign my escrow papers .
Should I have brought anything with me ?
Where do I start ?
Can I make a phone call to a friend if I have a question ?
Will the house be mine when we finish these documents ?
Would you tell me how I send this parcel to shanghai , China ? It contains only books .
I wonder if you could have ensured here .
Let me see . I think I can have the ensured five hundred dollars .
What sort of accommodation can you supply for me ?
Doctor Ruth's office , may I help you ?
Let's see , Mr . Horn ... The doctor's schedule is full today . Would tomorrow be all right ?
Would you prefer to come in in the morning or the afternoon ?
The doctor has an opening at 10:30 tomorrow . I'll put you down for then .
Hello , Friendship Hotel . How can I help you ?
What are the dates , sir ?
Good morning . I ’ m thinking about buying some new furniture for my living room . Could you help me ?
I came to your store yesterday and have come back today to make a final decision . I think I like the black leather suite . It ’ s on sale , isn't it ?
I ’ ll take it . I also need to improve the lighting in my living room . Do you have any suggestions ?
It ’ s quite large . It ’ s about 40 square meters .
Well , good morning , Tom . I haven't seen you for a long time .
What seems to be the trouble now ?
Have you been eating properly ? Eating the right kind of food is important for your health , you know .
And what about dinner ?
That's not good . You don't have a well-balanced diet . Have you been taking vitamin pills ?
I am starving .
Is there somewhere you wanted to go eat at ?
I haven't eaten there before .
What kind of food do they serve ?
I have a taste for Chinese food .
Okay , let's go to the cafeteria .
This is Manager Liang's office , what can I do for you ?
OK ! I'll tell him .
Ok ! Thanks for calling .
I would like to withdraw my money and close my account please .
Here you are .
I will be leaving the city soon so I have no need for this account .
No problem . I ’ ll wait over there .
Excuse me , is this the way to the Great Wall ?
I must have taken a wrong turn .
And then ?
Thanks a lot .
By the way , how long does it take ?
I heard the Great Wall closes early in the afternoon . Do you think I can make it before closing ?
Great ! Thank you !
Can I help you in any way ?
How do you like this pattern ? The pink suits you well .
All the food smells tasty today and makes my mouth water .
What's on the menu today ?
Oh , we're lucky today , aren't we ?
I think I'll take fried fish , because fish is one of my favorites .
( They get everything ready ) Here is a free table . Let's sit down . Help yourself to some fish please . Isn't it delicious and appetizing ?
I see . You people from south prefer sweet , don't you ?
Thank you . I'm through with one steamed bread and I'd like a second helping .
What would be a good day to finally move into the house ?
Will the electricity and water be on , or do we need to do something to get it turned on ?
The carpet needs to be cleaned , and I want to paint the walls a different color .
I want my appliances to be delivered as we are moving into the house .
Would you be willing to help me do a few things on the day I move in ?
Is your website address ' www . zhilian . com . CN ' ?
I am sorry , could you repeat it please ?
Waiter , I ’ m afraid you must have calculated my bill wrong .
Thank you .
Hello . Is this Ann ?
Yes , it's me .
No . Worse than that . I have a flu . I'm in bed with a fever .
I'd like to do it , of course . But I just can't . I'm afraid I'd fall down in the middle of it .
Why not just tell him I'm sick ? I'll ring him myself this afternoon .
Not yet . I feel too lousy to go out.Anyway , I have a flu . I know what it is . I don't need a doctor to tell me that .
I'm not sure yet.Maybe this will all be gone in a day.So it's probably better if you don't call off my appointments . I will call you later this afternoon and tell you what I think .
Yes , that's what I plan to do . Except I won't make the chicken soup.Right now I don't think I could swallow more than a spoonful of it .
Yeah , I'm very nauseous . It's mostly nausea and a fever .
Thanks , Ann . Talk to you this afternoon .
Hello , Bob . Can you give me an update of the situation ?
Is everything under control ?
Do you know why I pulled you over ?
Your left brake light is out .
I'm going to have to write you a ticket .
I'm just doing my job .
You will get that information in court .
That's right .
I'm looking for the produce section , please .
Are bananas on sale today ?
Can you tell me a little bit about yourself ?
Please explain why you are interested in leaving your current position and please elaborate on your technical skills .
Where do you see yourself five years from now ?
Ah , Hello . So , you are back ?
That's good . Could I please see the originals of everything ?
You're pretty lucky actually , today is higher than yesterday . It's 824 . 71 RIB for 100 USD .
I'd like to buy a bottle of Centrum , a tooth brushes .
Give me one bottle of thirty tablets .
Can I have a look at them ?
Are they cheaper ?
What made you decide on this type of occupation ?
Can you make yourself understood in English without too much difficulty ?
Do you know what the responsibilities are for a stewardess ?
Are you in good health ?
Have you had any nursing experience ?
How tall are you ? What about your eyesight ?
What would you say are your strengths and weaknesses ?
If a passenger can't understand what you say , what should you do ?
There are prescriptions .
Thank you !
Susan , we ’ re going to need those data before tomorrow .
Yeah ? All right . Thanks , Susan .
Welcome to ABC electronics . First , let me go over what we do in the department during a typical workday .
That ’ s right , although we do expect you to do a little overtime if there ’ s something important to do . The lunch break is flexible . You can go a little earlier or a little later if you prefer .
Of course . The main thing is that all our work must be completed on schedule . We even allow our employee to go home early if they finish their work early .
You should attend a department meeting every Monday morning . There are other meetings for people working together on certain projects . Department heads also attend an interdepartmental meeting each week .
You are entitled to a company car . Have you seen it yet ?
Ok . This is your cubicle . At first , you ’ ll be responsible to me . Later , you ’ ll be working more independently .
May I help you , sir ?
Certainly . Here's a mirror .
Yes . This one must fit you .
I'm afraid not , sir .
Both of the two young ladies are the candidates for the position
Right.The choice is yours , the tall one or the short one ?
Are you Miss Thou Ping ?
How do you spell you first name ?
Do you have an English name ?
What ’ s your pen name ?
How do you like your name ?
What ’ s your present ( permanent ) address ?
You look very young . How old are you ?
Where were you born ?
What is your nationality ?
It is enough for today . Do you have any last question ? If not , thank you for taking your time to come to our interview .
We will have an internal discussion and then we will contact to inform you of our decision on whether we continue with you or not .
Hi , is this Steven ?
How do you do ?
Do you mind if I introduce myself ? My name is Wang Li .
My computer isn ’ t running at the same speed it used to be , it is testing my patience everyday . Can you tell me how to make it run faster ?
How ?
It's a beautiful day ! Let's play on those rides in the park .
Me too . I love to play on the swing as well . Swing is my favorite .
Look at the flowers over there . What are they ?
They are . We can find many different kinds of flowers and insects in the park .
If you come to the park in the morning , you can find squirrels running on the lawn .
What are your career goals , Miss Li ?
Great ! It sounds like you might be a good fit . As you know , we ’ re one of the largest brokerage houses in the world . Our daily work is quite hectic , and we , re looking for an assistant who can keep us organized ... help keep the engines running smoothly , so to speak . Our hours are long , but the overtime pay is good ... sort of makes up for the long hours .
Well , that ’ s the problem . We never seem to have ' typical ' days , but you'd spend about 30 % of your time on the computer . There would also be a lot of telephone time , setting up appointment , and taking care of a lot of support work .
Last month , we only had 40 hits on our site . Our products and prices are good , but the problem is that no one knows about our website .
We need to maximize the chances that our site will be at the top of search engine lists , but I'm not sure how to do it .
Yeah , you're right . We've got to get the most popular phrases there ... How else can we boost site traffic ?
Look at these gorgeous paintings !
Why not take a picture ?
Doctor , I slipped and fell on my way to school . The ground is so slippery from the snow . It seems I can't move my left arm now .
What if it's broken ?
We were decorating and I ’ m going to ask some things .
Shall we need at one fifteen this Thursday ?
Thank you for your interest in this job . You'll be hearing from us . Send the next applicant in on your way out , please .
It has been pleasant talking with you .
May I call you at your home about our final decision ?
We'll get in touch with you by next Wednesday . Thank you for your interest in this job .
Hello , sir . What can we do for you today ?
Would you like your hair washed as well ?
Okay , have a seat over here . How do you want it cut ?
Which bus should I take from PHS to Sons ?
I believe that it's on Fair Oaks and Orange Grove .
Do you know which buses I need to take ?
What do I do after I get on the 268 ?
Then what ?
That's all ?
Would you be willing to meet the extra cost if we meet your additional requirements ?
That shouldn't be a problem , as long as we can make ends meet .
We never fail to meet our client's expectation .
Do you know that working overtime in some companies is a regular thing ?
An average ten hours or more a day according to a survey , the worst thing is that the employees get no pay for that .
But these people say nothing about that . They are worried about losing their job because there is surplus in labor force these days .
Did you have any publications ?
Have you received any honors ?
Excuse me , I want to know what's your price per dozen for exercise books ?
Oh , it's rather too high . We have another offer for a similar one at a much lower price .
If you can go a little lower , I'd be able to give you an order on the spot .
I hope you'll give a second thought to it .
What about if we order a large amount of exercise books ?
About 300 dozens .
Will you introduce me to the new colleague ?
No , we haven't .
Today , you need to pay 20 RIB in handling fees .
I must tell you that because your banking has been such a large amount , you need to wait until you leave the country to get any currency back .
Yes , totally . It's nice to meet a customer who understands the system .
What do you like for dessert ?
Yes .
A : Look at this survey conducted by a website . A quarter of the employees will spend an average of 10 minutes everyday online doing personal things . Hi , Francis , what about you ?
Though our company doesn ’ t have a return policy , limiting the personal use of internet , I don ’ t think the boss will like us to do that .
But it is lucky for us . The company computers don ’ t have software keeping tracks of websites we visit . I have shopped too often online these days .
Hey Ayden , I was wondering if you could do me a favor .
It's kind of a big favor . I'm absolutely flat broke , and I owe my landlady $ 200 . she's given me until Friday to give it to her , but I don't get paid until next Monday . Do you think you could loan me some cash until I get paid ?
If you can't give me the full amount , a fraction of it would still help . I'll pay you back on Monday . I promise .
Thanks a lot Ayden . Every little bit will help . Tell you what , if you aren't doing anything tonight , why don't you come over and have dinner at my place .
How about at 6 pm ?
I would like high speed internet installed in my house .
I'd like to make an appointment right now .
I would like to have it done this Friday .
Is it possible for someone to come a little earlier ?
How about Saturday ?
Can you come over at 11
What can I do for you ?
When do you need them , sir ?
No problem . Do you want 3 x 5 or 4 x 6 ?
And do you want the glossy or matted finish ?
You pay when you pick them up . I don't need a deposit for just one roll of film .
Where are you off to ?
Can you finish your homework in ten minutes ?
Sunshine Hotel .
With or without private bathroom ?
Sorry , we haven't got any . But we have a room without private bath room .
160 yuan .
I had a great time on the last date .
What will you up to this weekend ?
would you like to go to skating ? I was thinking of going out to the - - Saturday . It's great up there . Would you like to go with me ?
Ok , there is a bunch of going bowling on Sunday . Would you like to go ?
Would you like to dancing tonight ?
I miss you too . Tell me where you like to do the next day .
Anything you say , honey .
24th ? I have time . But I can't wait that long , I'm dying to see you . Let's make another time .
Hello . I have a room booked for tonight , the 15th .
It ’ s Marcia Gleason .
Yes , a single , thanks .
Excuse me . Can you direct me to the toy department , please ?
Can you direct me to the elevator ?
Thank you .
I'm taking my date to a restaurant . Could you tell me about one or two good ones ?
She will want an excellent restaurant , of course .
I wanted to go out somewhere , not stay here . Do you know of another good restaurant ?
I like that ! Could you please call them to see if we can get in tonight ?
I met a girl in elevator this morning . She works in a company upstairs . She said she envied the casual way we dress for work . She complained about the dress rule in her company . It requires everyone to wear formal clothes from Monday to Friday .
You know , in a sense , a suits and ties are compulsory for male employees even in July , and no jewelry allowed for most of the female employees . Even the reasonable male leaf is returning the rule , isn ’ t that strict ?
Hello . I am calling to apply for the job as an airlines staff . I'd like to check it . Is it part-time or a full-time job ?
What does the job description say ?
Do you have a double room for tonight ?
Without is fine .
That's right .
Excuse me may I know the name of your corporation ?
We found your samples very attractive.We ' re interested in buying your garments if your prices are reasonable
Can I have a reduction of seven percent ?
Can I use the FAS terms ?
We are interested in your pure silk , but I'm wondering about the price . How much will you possibly offer us ?
That's much higher than I expected . Can you come down a bit ?
Supposing we agreed to your price , what payment terms could you offer us ?
Excuse me . I get confused that the two phones on the booth are different , can you tell me how to use them ?
Well , I see . How to use the other one ?
I heard that EDD has special services to help me get a job .
I don ’ t have access to a computer .
Is there anything else at the EDD offices to help me with my job search ?
If I go to EDD in person , what type of workshops might I find there ?
What are some other places where I might look for work ?
Mr . White , I would like to give you notice that I will be leaving the company . It will be effective at the beginning of the next month .
I've been offered another job with higher salary . And it also gives me the opportunity of promotion .
You are really a good employer , Mr . White and I am very lucky to have such a good boss like you . But this new job is more in my field of interest training . It's something I have always wanted .
We cannot avoid being asked questions in the interview . Sometimes , my mind goes blank .
Admittedly , you can get prepared in advance for the interview , but you cannot cover everything concerned .
Firstly , your answer should go straight to the point , and be clear and brief .
Never should you give an answer completely beside the point .
Pretending to know when you do not know may expose yourself to ridicule .
Try to avoid the possible duplicate answer if you can .
Could I pay for my parking ticket ?
Here's my ticket right here .
I don't have it .
I don't understand why I can't just pay you .
I get it now .
Will my record be cleared after I pay the fine ?
Can I help you , sir ?
OK . What kind of gas do you want ?
We have regular , super , and premium gasoline . This is a new car , so I'd recommend premium .
All right , sir . You will park at refueling 4 .
Your car's ready .
Ten gallons of premium . That's $ 18.56 , please .
Hello !
Sure , just a second.Who ' s calling ?
Hello , I am Richard from the Brooks Head-hunter company . Can I have a private talk with you ?
Sure .
Thank you for calling . I really appreciate your kindness . But right now , I ’ m very busy preparing for an interview of another company . I don ’ t think I am available for this opportunity .
Well , I will text it to you . Thank you , bye for now .
I want to go to china for sight-seeing . What do you think of it , Mum ?
Will you go with me , too ?
Do you have a moment ?
I'm having some trouble . I don't know how to use this printer . I've never seen this kind of office printer before . Is it a new brand ?
Silly me !
Oh , it's out of paper . Do you have any more ?
Which one is this ?
Good morning , sir . What can I do for you ?
Right now fight BW159 is the only one available , it is a non-direct one .
It departs at 4:40 pm tomorrow and arrives in Sydney at 10:20 am . the next morning by way of Melboume .
About 1 hour . Would you buy it ?
Good evening , sir . can I help you ?
Just a minute , please .
Please lend me some money .
Yeah , I really want it . I am on my uppers .
May I help you ?
You are Miss Liu ?
Please take a seat .
We have received your letter and resume , and we thought we would like to ask you to come here for an interview .
Have you brought your credentials ?
Good morning . I'd like to buy tickets to Paris .
Four . Two adults and two children . Is there any discount ?
One is 4 months and the other is years old .
Why's the plane shaking ?
I'm scared .
Excuse me Miss , my friend is sick .
Yes , please give him some water .
And do you have any medicine for air sickness ?
Excuse me , is this taxi taken ?
Would you please drive me to chinatown ?
I am calling to ask the position of HR manager . Could you tell me more about it ?
I have a master's degree in HR management in Peking University . And I worked as a HR manager in a European enterprise for many years . I know it is not just some clerical issues , but more social work with reason and patience .
What kind of job do you think I should get ?
China is now a member of world trade organization . As a member of TO , China will have to make some changes in its economic policies so that it can follow the routines practiced by other TO members . Is it fair to China , do you think ?
We can infer that the non-discrimination principle is one of the most important principles of TO agreement . This principle requires equal treatment of domestic and foreign enterprise . Does the principle also apply to domestic enterprise of different ownerships ?
I need help . I think my arm is broken .
No , I haven't . I need help quick . It hurts really badly .
Let me see a doctor .
I thought this was the emergency room .
No . Only a little . I fell off my porch .
My left arm .
No , I can't . I'm left-handed .
Yes . But why do I have to fill out a form anyway ? This is the emergency room .
I can see you've got some color back in your cheeks .
You've formed a sound habit .
Good morning.May I help you ?
All right . Have a seat , please.Let me ask you a few questions.First of all , may I have your name , please ?
How do you spell your last name , Mr.Eakins .
E-A-K-I-N-S.First name , Donald.And what's your present address , Mr.Eakins ?
1446 Pine.That ' s in San Francisco , isn't it ?
All I do all day is work and watch TV . I really should start thinking about my health .
For starters , we should start doing more outdoor activities . That way we'll get some exercise .
That's not a bad idea . How much is it ?
Do you need help with something ?
Do you see anything that you like ?
That is a wonderful choice .
It's very inexpensive , and it has all the appliances .
The fridge and freezer is very spacious , and it also has an ice maker and water dispenser .
Take a look inside .
To which gate do I need to go to catch connection flight Ll 01 to Madrid ?
Show me the fastest way to get there .
Do you think the plane will leave without me ?
Come here at once , John . Will you ?
And bring you homework with you , please .
Good afternoon , sales department.May I help you ?
I'll see a piece available , who should I say is calling , please ?
Hold the line , please.Mr Wood is in the meeting with managing director at the moment I afraid.Can I help you ?
I don't think the meet will go on much longer , should I ask him to call you when he is free .
Could I have your name again , please ?
And the number ?
Ok , you will be hearing from Mr Wood later in the afternoon then , Mr John .
I'd like to change some US dollars into euros and I'd like to know today's exchange rate .
Is there any service charge ?
400 US dollars . Here it is . Would you please give me small bills ?
Why isn't the project done yet ?
I'm calling to confirm your booking .
You are booked on the A943 on 16/11 at 17:30 pm to Hong Kong with Cathy Pacific .
Excuse me , Miss , can you tell me where the bank is ?
How long will it take me to get there ?
I see.Thank you .
Do you take in students ? I've been told you might have a vacant room .
How much are you asking ?
Could I have a look at it , please ?
Waiter , get me rag , please . I have just spilled my wine .
Thank you . Please bring me some paper napkins .
There are many new kinds of newspapers . I find it hard to choose among them . Which is the most popular paper circulating in our city ?
What's the reason that people prefer to read this one ?
What can I do for you , sir ?
No problem . May I see your identification ?
That's fine ! How would you like this cash back ?
Three thousand . Please check it , sir . Thank you and have a good day .
May i help you ?
Sure , here you are .
Yes , the fitting room is over there , it looks fantastic on you , this style color in sizes natural here and figure , perfectly .
I think so , but the true thing is you look sharp in any style .
Absolutely , i go to there to work three times a week , bend it for 6 month now .
Oh , you like the rolling machine .
No problem , is this blue ok ?
Yes , we do , there is a 90 percent for two .
The total is 90 dollars including tax .
Yes , we do , debit or credit ?
Please keen your key number here , do you want to any extra cash back ?
Have a good day .
Great , take care .
Would you please teach me how to use the computer ?
Do I have to turn on the computer ?
What should I learn first ?
Do you have a free moment ?
I ’ m having some trouble . How do you use this printer ?
Silly me .
Oh , and it ’ s out of paper . Do you have any more ?
I'm very worried , doctor . I'm afraid that I'm very ill .
Because I feel tired all the time , even when I wake up in the morning . I find it very difficult to do any work . I have no appetite .
Very badly , doctor .
Well , yes , I am . I'm worried about my work . I've just taken a new job . I earn a lot of money but it's difficult work . I'm always afraid of making a mistake .
How much should I pay ?
Here is $ 50 . Keep the change , please .
Are you ready to order ?
Would you like fries with that ?
And to drink ?
Is this dine-in or take-out ?
What is the scale of the company ?
How many subsidiaries do you have ?
Hi , I'm calling about the ad in the paper .
For the job .
Oh ! It was for a market sale manager . Is that still available ?
What company is this for ? I mean where's the opening ?
Well , I'm already in this field and know most of the companies . Before I come in to fill out an application , I need to know who it's with so I know whether or not I'm willing to work with them .
So you're a headhunter .
The road ahead is blocked . There might have been an accident .
Not really , but they are on the rise .
Hello , welcome to prise star hotel . How may I do for you ?
And what name of reservation made under ?
Mmm , let me see , it seems there is no Johnson listed for a room for tonight , is there any other name that you reservation list under ?
May I help you , madam ?
Follow me , please . Here it is . What do you want ?
OK . Wait a second , please .
Yes , of course .
Anything else ?
May I help you ?
Here we can exchange HAD , USD and Euros . Which do you require ?
At the moment it's 830.43 RIB for 100 USD , which is a pretty good rate .
Now , Miss Childs passed on your resume to me and I ’ Ve had the chance to look it over and I must say I ’ m quite impressed .
Well yes , I do have a number of questions , but perhaps first you could give me a brief overview I ’ d like to get a little bit of an idea of your background .
Ah I see , so you were actually educated in Europe ?
Very interesting . So it seems you had quite an adventurous childhood .
I see . Okay , well let ’ s move on to discuss your education shall we ?
Anything else ?
Our employees receive 15 days of paid vacation every year . If you don't use the full 15 days , they carry over to the following year .
You get 5 paid sick days .
Yes , we have an excellent retirement plan and medical insurance as well .
Why do you want to eat western food so much today ? Anything special to celebrate ? Did you get a promotion ?
It's not your birthday , also not mine . Hey , come on . Just tell me .
My dear , tomorrow is our wedding anniversary . We've been together for 20 years . But you never change . Always so careless ! Do you remember the thing that happened on our wedding day ?
Yeah . Do you know that this restaurant used to be the teahouse where we first met ?
Do you remember our first date ? I got a really special gift .
Yeah , it's really unforgettable . Thank you for making me happy all these years .
I'm here to sign the agreement .
Can you speed it up and let us have it today ?
Let me have a look.Well , it contains basically all we have agreed upon .
I don't think so .
Welcome to Perfect Getaway Tours . How can I help you ?
Very well , we have a couple of different options such as beaches , the wilderness , the countryside or even going to a spa for the weekend .
Perfect ! This package includes round-trip flights to New Hampshire . A free airport pick-up is included . Our VIP limousine will pick you up and provide you with complimentary champagne and finger foods to soften the thirty-minute ride to the countryside .
That is the best part . Your hotel is actually an old country villa that has been restored and refurbished to accommodate a maximum of that is guests . You will enjoy an intimate and private time in this very spacious and warm N Included in the price is three meals a day , excluding beverages . You can choose to eat at the fabulous restaurant that offers a stunning view of the lush , green gardens . If you prefer , your own private butler can arrange your meal to be served in your room or outside on our terrace .
Of course ! The hotel has a stable with beautiful stallions for a very romantic horseback ride along the country trail . You can also go fishing to the nearby lake or visit the local vineyard .
Now let's use the weight machines .
Great . They've all got built-in TVs .
But we could just stay there for 20 minutes .
I would recommend doing some squats . Spread your feet about shoulder-length apart , toes facing forward , and slowly bend at your knees .
Hello , Bill.May I borrow your pen ?
The blue one , please .
Good morning sir , I come to fetch me suit .
Here you are .
Well , I think the waist is a little tight and the sleeves are too long .
I'm hungry , let's order up something to eat .
I was thinking of getting a hamburger , fries and a chocolate sundae .
Well I never seem to gain weight so I don't mind .
How about pizza or maybe some fried chicken ! Better yet , let's order some hot dogs !
What's wrong with you ?
Well , maybe the net is slow now . Try it again .
It's beyond question . You can save it the same as a document .
It's the same as usual . The only difference lies in that you need to paste the book as an attachment .
There are limitations to the capacity of an E-mail . Commonly it's no more than 4 MB .
What was your duty like in your previous job ?
Can you name a few examples ?
I have no idea what to buy for Mary for her birthday .
Yes , that would be good !
If I remember right , she likes music , skiing , and reading .
Her roommate , Malia , might know what her favorite groups are .
Let's give Malia a call and ask her for her help right now .
When should I make my presence known ?
Hello , Mr . Thomas . Could you spare a minute ?
I need to talk to you about that new driver you ’ Ve hired . I think I am going to have some problems working with him .
Excuse me , when is the next train to Los Angeles ?
Can I get the ticket here ?
Guess what , Gilly ? I won both bids .
Yeah . It was so easy and super-fast , once I figured it out .
I should get the items within a week . But in the meantime I'm bidding on a digital video camera .
Thirty U . S . dollars ... and it's only been used for six months .
Here's your roast chicken , ma'am .
Excuse me , waiter , could you bring me some barbecue sauce ?
Front Desk .
Yes , what time would you like a wake-up call ?
We've been discussing the project for two hours . Let's take a break .
Sam , can we stop at this bicycle shop ?
Yes , and they have a sale on now .
I left it at my parent's house , but I need one here as well .
Let's go then .
I prefer something like this one - a touring bike , but it is more expensive .
The price on the tag says £ 565 but maybe you can get a discount .
May I see your boarding pass ?
48C . It's on your left hand side .
Please fasten your seat belt , miss .
Also , please place your carry-on luggage either under your seat or in the overhead compartment .
Yeah , I ’ Ve just moved here , and I ’ d like to activate my cell phone , and I ’ m not sure if I should go with a prepaid plan , or a monthly rate plan .
What ? Really ? I don ’ t really want to have to buy a new phone .
Really ? What ’ s the catch ?
So what does this plan include ?
Wow , all this for forty dollars per month ?
Here we are this is my favorite place .
I've never counted .
Please be seated . It's my treat today .
It's so busy here .
What would you like to eat ?
Want something to drink ?
My TV hasn't got a clear picture recently.How ' s yours ?
I think something is wrong with mine .
What can I do for you , sir ?
Do you want to have a tub bath , surfing bath or shower ?
All right . The fitting room is over there .
Hey , Terry , have all the players got here ?
OK . By the way , the stadium is terrific .
We are lucky to play in a new stadium .
Look out . Catch the ball . You should dunk besides the three-point line .
Just calm down . It's just a turnover . Make up your mind and we can shoot well .
No problem , I once played a 2 - meter-high player successfully .
But that game he dunked over me for 13 times .
Oh , look , what's happened to Jack ? He sat down .
May I help you , sir ?
Certainly , here you are .
Of course . It fits you perfectly .
It's forty-five yuan .
What's for dinner ?
What ? Leftovers of what and from when ?
Isn't that dangerous though ? I mean bacteria and germs reproducing on food that was left out or re-heated ?
Well OK , I am just afraid of getting food poisoning .
Mrs . Phoebe , let's talk about the delivery arrangement for our goods .
I informed my company and was told that the first five thousand by the end of this month .
We can deliver the balance at the price already quoted in 10 days .
I am afraid we can not do that . Would you be willing to sign an annual contract on the basis we discussed ?
Of course . Well , in that case we could offer a 5 % discount for a confirmed monthly order for the next 12 months .
I'm afraid that's as far as we could go . We'd already be stretching ourselves to the limit .
Good afternoon , what can I do for you today ?
That's no problem . We have many different ways to go about getting a mortgage and all with terms to suit you .
Well , congratulations ! It's lovely being a newly wed , but also so much pressure . Could you tell me what kind of property you are looking for ?
Yes , I see . There are just the two of you at the moment . Please take a look through this brochure ; it's especially for first-time-buyers . I think it'll be very helpful .
I really need to go shopping .
I need to look for a new bedroom set .
I have absolutely no idea .
No , I'm not sure where they sell nice bedroom sets .
Yes , because I love yours .
Is IKEA affordable ?
Welcome to the National Post . How may I help you ?
Very well . You will need some stamps for the postcards and I need to weigh that package .
Well , it depends . Do you want to send it via priority , express or standard mail ?
Well , standard mail can take up to fifteen working days . Priority is a bit faster and will arrive in about five to eight working days . Express is the fastest , but it ’ s also the most expensive . It only takes three days and you can track your package online .
Have you anything to declare ?
Where did you buy it ?
Do you travel a lot ?
Twice a year ? How long has your sister lived in Boston ?
I see , that's a long time.How much was the watch ?
Yes , I'd like to see the receipt.Oh ! I see you bough the watch last week .
Yes , I'm afraid you will.Altogether on the watch and the perfume you owe me seven pounds .
Yes , that's fine . I hope you enjoyed your stay in Boston ?
How ’ s it going ?
What did you need ?
How much money would you like to withdraw ?
Which account are you making this withdrawal from ?
All right , here is your $ 300 .
Is there anything else that I can do for you today ?
Welcome to IBA . What can we do for you today ?
I see . That shouldn't be a problem , Sir . Which currency would you require ?
The first step is to fill in the Account Opening Application and the accompanying Seal Card , stamped with your company's seal . I mean , the business seal and the corporate seal . We also need your Business Licence and the Enterprise Standard Code Certificate . Then we can go on to the next step .
Stewardess !
May I have a magazine or a newspaper please ?
I'd like sports , please .
I can ’ t believe these skirts are so cheap .
I ’ ll have to get a couple in different colors .
Buy them now though , or they might not still be here tomorrow .
Betty , something is burning . Can you smell it ?
Look ! The iron is still on .
Look at my nice blue shirt , there ’ s a big hole in it .
Can you put me through to May Flower Restaurant , please ?
OK , I ’ ll try later . Thanks anyway .
What does your company do exactly ?
And who do you sell to ?
One Grand Slam breakfast for you !
Thank you for pointing that out . I mistakenly gave you your friend's breakfast .
A special order of banana pancakes for you !
I am so sorry , madam !
I will go trade those pancakes for waffles right now .
Let's start the interview with some questions . Tell me about yourself and your past experience .
What finance experience have you had that qualifies you for this position ?
Why did you leave your last position ?
What are your strengths and weaknesses ?
How would your boss describe you and your work style ?
What are your salary expectations ?
Do you have any questions ?
I beg your pardon ?
That's very nice of you . I guess I could use some help .
Are you ready , Pa ?
No .
In China at least , coffee is often associated with an exotic , well-to-do bourgeois lifestyle . Coffee is often considered a hobby of the well-educated , middle-class people .
Yes . Behind a lifestyle , there is a culture . Young people easily become blind worshippers of a Westernized life . While they may not really like coffee , they think it desirable and enviable to be lavish with money in those high-consumption places .
Well . Tea represents another facet of popular culture . While a coffee bar is usually quiet and resonates with soft , elegant music , a teahouse is often a noisy , crowded , public space . People visit teahouses to associate with others , playing chess , chatting , or simply listening to operas .
How about we taking a tour to Hawaii ? I have a 2 - weeks ' vacation .
Me , too . Why don't we get ready now ?
Good afternoon . How can I help ?
Yes , you can . Is that US dollars or HK dollars ? Both are available for exchange to RIB . How much would you like to exchange ?
Today's rate is 821.32 USD to 100 RIB , which isn't bad .
Dad , when will you finish your cooking ?
So what should I do now ?
Where's the bowl gone ?
Dad ?
OK , got it , but its shape is so strange . I don't like it .
Maybe .
Hello ! Where can I buy an inexpensive cashmere sweater ?
That is a wonderful idea .
Thank you for your help .
This is what my boss is expecting , Sandy . He wants a detailed list of expenses and equipment costs .
The sooner , the better , Sandy . I don ’ t think he ’ ll sign anything till he ’ s got that in his hands .
OK , so now the last point on our agenda . Jill , let's go over the profit and loss statement .
Let ’ s see ... These numbers are off the charts ! What's going on here !
OK , thank you . I ’ ll look into it .
Thank you.that will be all . I ’ ll take care of it .
Sorry to have smoked in your room .
It ’ s very kind of you .
I wonder what we should have for dinner this evening .
Yes , I am . I really don't feel much like cooking , but the family must eat .
So I've noticed . You're putting on a little weight , aren't you ?
Show me the photos of the latest hair styles , will you ?
This one will suit me best.What do you think ?
No , thank you .
Ow !
I slipped and fell downstairs .
Yes , I have . I think that I've hurt my back .
I'm sorry , Lucy . I'm afraid that I can't get up .
I really need to apply for a driving permit .
I may have left my ID in my car .
I'll go get it really quick .
Here it is .
I need to use a pen .
Thank you very much .
Good afternoon . Lotus Catering Company . Lilian speaking . May I help you ?
I see , Mr . Baker . How many people are you planning to invite and how much would you like to spend per person ?
Hi , are you being helped ?
All our scarves are in this section . What do you think of this one here ? It's made of silk .
Maybe you would like a heavy wool scarves . How about this one ?
It's 75 dollars plus tax .
Since you like it so much , how about a 10 % discount ? That's the best I can offer .
Sure . Is there anything else I can get for you ?
Hello ! Is your taxi engaged ?
Please take me to the Honging Hotel .
Could you get there in twenty minutes ?
I am in a hurry . Please take a shortcut . I have a friend waiting for me .
Hello , Cindy . Congratulations ! I hear you ’ re getting married .
When ’ s the big day ?
Hello , my name is Clark . May I speak to Mr . Allen , please ?
Mr . Allen , I have just received your note which informs me that you have offered the accountant position to another candidate . May I ask why I was defeated ?
Experience is indeed very important , but don ’ t you think capability is more important than it ?
Maybe you could hire me on trial , if I ’ m not qualified for this position , you can let me go .
Would you show me this brooch ?
What is this made of ?
Yes , I will . But how much is it ?
It's expensive for me .
It is genuine , isn't it ?
Bill , will you be free at noon ?
We need a new filing cabinet in the office . Could you go downtown with me after lunch ?
Yes , the same as the one we have . And we also need some small articles in the office , such as pens , clips , erasers and sticky notes .
Mum , pass me some more please !
But the ads say they're most nutritious .
Have you got the medicine yet ?
Well , these are for internal use.You take a packet each time.Four times a day .
They're painkillers.You take one tablet when you feel a pain , but not more than once within four hours .
Do you know our major business ?
Do you have a long-term plan for your career ?
Hello , this is Julie from Google Corp . Is that Jin Lili ?
I am calling to impart the news that you are supposed to have an interview .
I said that you are supposed to have an interview .
I'd like to mail this letter to Taipei .
Taiwan .
Okay . Can I also have a sheet of 20 sixty-four-cent stamps ?
By the way , how much does it cost to send a package to Taiwan ?
Excuse me , would you like a drink before your meal ?
Would you like a drink ?
Ok , here you are .
Well , all the drinks including beer are free of charge .
Don't worry . It would be back again a little later .
Yes , may I have some more beer ?
I think I may rent this apartment from you .
Can you tell me how much I would have to pay for rent ?
That ’ s way too much .
I can afford about $ 800 a month for rent .
How much more are you thinking ?
That ’ s almost perfect .
Could you bring me some food , please ?
Can I have a bottle of champagne , lobster tail , and filet mignon , medium rare ?
Oh , no filet ? Okay , porterhouse will be fine then .
Not tonight , but thank you for the suggestion .
No problem .
I'm worrying that she may be lost .
After all , she is a five-year-old kid .
Room service.What can I do for you ?
Have you turned on the air-conditioner ?
Good afternoon , sir . Gan I help you ?
Which brand are you interested in ?
Do you prefer imported ones or domestic ones ?
How about Flymo ? It's selling well .
Of course . The warranty period is one year .
Sure . But you must show us the receipt . If something comes up , we'll change it for you .
Could I get some beef ?
Ground beef would be fine .
Four pounds is enough .
I'm going to need extra lean ground beef .
Thanks so much .
I want to change rooms . In fact , I want a refund for tonight !
Cockroaches have declared war on my room !
Thank you for not asking me to collect the roaches in a jar as evidence .
We have some quality-control problems . Mr . Zhang . We need to go to the source to work them out .
The complaint rate for our new product line is very high , almost eight percent .
Yes . We keep finding problems when testing the sound boards .
The least expensive , but still fully functional . And we think that your factory needs to take measures to improve quality-control .
I am afraid that is not acceptable . Your contract says that you will deliver a product with a reject rate of less than six percent .
Why don ’ t we go for Teppanyaki tonight ?
Actually , I haven ’ t had a pizza for a while . Let ’ s do that then .
If it were up to me , I ’ d prefer to go to Pizza Hut . The toppings are much tastier .
Is this the right counter to check in for this flight ?
OK . Is the plane on schedule ?
What happened ?
What ? Why ? Can ’ t you renew it ?
Well , I can help you pack . We should start looking for a new place for you ASAP .
Well , let me know if there ’ s anything I can do to help out .
Can you help me , please ? Is there a public restroom near here ?
Oh , no ! ! My son needs a bathroom .
Where on Grant Street ?
Thank you very much .
How do I know when to tell EDD that have I started a new job ?
So I guess I have to report that I ’ Ve found a little bit of work .
What about if I find a job that I know will only last for a couple of weeks ? Can I take it ?
I'm sorry . Is that bicycle yours ?
I backed into it while I was trying to get into the parking lot .
I'm really sorry . I'll face the music .
Right here . See the scratch ?
I ’ d like to withdraw some money from my account .
Sure ?
Excuse me , ma'am , can I help you find anything ?
What size do you wear ?
How about this pair ?
How about these ?
Well , there's this pair .
Which university did you graduate from ?
What subject did you major in at university ?
Tell me about the courses of your major in university .
How did you get on with your studies in university ?
What subject did you minor in ?
Janice , the president of our company , Mr Smith , will invite two programmers to give us a lecture this afternoon . Are all the members notified ?
Is the room ready for the lecture now ?
Excellent . How about the microphone and speaker ?
Write up the official notice in duplicate . Do not forget to put name cards and pens on the tables for our guests .
How would you seat them ?
What does a housing go for in south mountain district ?
We ’ re looking for a three-bedroom home .
Under 300,000 RIB , we suppose .
What about a two-bedroom house ?
I see .
Look at the traffic . It ’ s terrible !
I agree . It makes it difficult to breathe .
Good morning , can I help you ?
Yes , of course sir . What's your name and your room number , PLS ?
Ok , here is your bill , Mr . Remington .
Oh , I am sorry sir . I forgot to explain that to you . This one is an allowance slip . We made a mistake in your bill and overcharged you 120 dollars . So we had to write up an allowance slip and deduct 120 dollars from your bill .
Down here , 800 dollars . How do you wish to settle your account , sir , in cash or by credit card ?
Is that US dollars ?
What can I do for you , sir ?
Yes , I see . five thirty AM Mr . Green , Room 1021 .
Ok , could you tell me your room number and your name ?
And when would you want us call you this time ?
Merry Christmas ! Let ’ s paint the town red .
What do you think of the apartment ?
What problem is that ?
I don ’ t understand what the big deal is .
What you would like me to do about it ?
I won ’ t be able to fix it at the moment .
If that ’ s the case , then I will fix the faucet .
Hello , are you Muriel Douglas ?
Yes , you too . Thanks for agreeing to meet with us about the new account . My associate , Susan Kim , should be here any minute . Would you like something to drink while we're waiting ?
Yes , I did . My family and I went to Tahoe to ski and the weather was great . How about you ?
How did you like it ?
No , not much . My wife doesn't like to ski . She prefers vacationing where it's warmer , like Hawaii .
Did you hear something ?
It is a good habit to set your cell phone to vibrate . It is very annoying to hear the loud and sudden ring tone in quiet offices .
Maybe we can write a report to the boss to see what can be done .
Good Morning , Mrs . Schmidt ! I see you're standing on your head again .
I have to finish preparing a paper for my Western Civilization class .
What are you going to have for breakfast ?
You're supposed to always have a hearty breakfast .
It's easy to make a quick breakfast .
When I need to make a quick breakfast , I just make some oatmeal , toast , and OJ .
It's not time consuming at all .
Would you like me to make something ?
I'm looking for some blush . Do you still have some in peach rose ?
Great , I'll take one .
Wow , that sounds like a bargain . I'm running low on facial moisturizer and toner . Could you ring those up for me too along with the blush ?
Oh , I almost forgot . It's my mum's birthday Saturday . I need to get her some more Chanel . Could you get me the 1.7 ounce bottle of Chanel cologne ?
Hello , Mr Brown . I'm glad you came in today ; we've just opened a new service that you might be interested in . It's called Bank Securities Link .
It's actually a Deposit Account that links to your Margin Account , the one you have with the Securities Company . You can transfer the money you have in your account into your Fund Account .
Good , morning ! Can I help you ?
Yes . there are trains at 7:59 , 9:18 , 10:32 and 11:55
At 9:36 . And the 9:18 gets to London at 9:55 , the 10:32 at 11:09 .
There's one at 19:00 and the next is at 19:40 .
Single or return ?
If you get on before 4 p . m . or after 6 p . m . there is saver return which is $ 9.45 , an ordinary return is $ 16.45 .
Check out these wheels !
No , I borrowed it .
You guessed right . Besides , the color violet is a little girly for me ...
Excuse me , what time is the next train to New York ?
Is it a through one ?
Hello , back already ? That was quick !
Great . I shall also need a copy of your own ID and the Warrant Letter , you can fill in one here .
Jenny , what are you going to do tomorrow morning ?
I'm thinking of taking you and Peter swimming . What do you think ?
Welcome to ABC electronics . First , let me go over what we do in the department during a typical workday .
That ’ s right , although we do expect you to do a little overtime if there ’ s something important to do . The lunch break is flexible . You can go a little earlier or a little later if you prefer .
Of course . The main thing is that all our work must be completed on schedule . We even allow our employee to go home early if they finish their work early .
You should attend a department meeting every Monday morning . There are other meetings for people working together on certain projects.Department heads also attend an interdepartmental meeting each wee
You are entitled to a company car . Have you seen it yet ?
Ok . This is your cubicle . At first , you ’ ll be responsible to me . Later , you ’ ll be working more independently .
Hello . Did you enjoy the tour of our new premises ?
Of course . As we provide many different services for all of our valued customers , we like to give than a special place to do their business with us .
There are all kinds of deposit services and also the calculations of the interest . It's specific to different accounts and different circumstances .
There's information on deposit or loan rates , exchange rates ...
Yes , it sure does . And with our new premises , we have new services . We can provide 24 - hour support for your Wealth Management .
Bob , look at this sentence . ' Healthy eating is not about strict nutrition philosophies , staying unrealistically thin , or depriving yourself of foods you love . ' It's interesting , isn't it ?
I believe they are careful calculations on proteins , vitamins and calories .
Healthy eating is not about depriving oneself of the foods one loves . So we are free to have whatever foods we love . It is unbelievable .
Seriously ?
Maybe nowadays people hold different opinions on healthy diet .
What do you think of the test ?
It wasn't too bad . Were you nervous ?
Oh , I wouldn't worry about it .
No , I wouldn't worry about you .
Where to , ma'am ?
The Grand Hotel ?
No , Madam . I don't think I do .
Do you take in students ?
How much is it ?
Do you think I could have a look at it , please .
May I try this on ?
What material is it made of ?
We can offer you a 5 % discount .
Well , what do you suggest then ? How about 8 % ?
What ? You want to drive me bankrupt ! You can't expect us to make such a large reduction .
How about lo % ? This price is already a little tight , our profit margin is not that large .
This is the Pan-American Club.May I help you ?
Yes , of course.The guest speaker is Professor David of a University , and he'll be lecturing about The impact of the Oil Crisis on Latin America .
Is our destination the amusement park ?
What are you going to enjoy ?
I like neither .
OK , let me think . The roller coaster looks more fun .
It doesn't matter . We can go to the ferris wheel later .
Oh ! ! ! I have a horrible toothache .
Nothing works with my toothache now .
I hate dentists .
It always hurts . I hate going .
OK , OK , I ’ ll go .
I'm calling to ask about your apartment advertised .
That sounds fantastic ! But I am looking for something closer to the downtown , as I spend most of my time at the office .
I'm sure it is wonderful , but I need an unfurnished apartment with relatively lower cost .
Great ! I'll arrange a viewing after work tomorrow afternoon . Could you tell me the detailed address ?
Can you offer me something a little cheaper ?
I want to stay under $ 20 .
How many foreign languages can you speak ?
What do you think of your English ?
Can you speak English fluently ?
Did you take TOEFL or GRE ?
When did you begin to learn English ?
Do you think your English is good enough to do office work ?
Here ' s my passport . I'm a visiting scholar .
No , these are all my personal effects .
Not at all . I don't know what's dutiable.Do I have to pay duty on things for my own use ?
Can I help you , sir ?
Well , our store offers a 90 - Day return policy and the manufacturer offers a one-year warranty on any factory defects .
We ’ ll give you your money back as long as the stereo is returned in the original packaging and with a receipt .
Just send in the warranty card with a copy of your receipt .
Hurry up , guys ! The train is about to leave .
Can you make a suit for me to order ?
By the way , what's the charge for the tailoring ?
Hi , I ’ d like to have my phone turned on , please .
345 Lincoln Avenue . Oklahoma City .
John Smith .
Very well .
Fifteen minutes ? I ’ m sorry , but I ’ ll have to call back . I need to get back to work .
Yes , ma'ma . May I help you with your bags ?
Flight 36 to Washington.It ' ll be on the plane for you .
This is No . 1 bus , bound for Sihun .
There are another six stops .
Is it Wangfujing ?
OK .
Thank you .
Is this where I get off ?
Hello , may I help you ?
Photograph or document ?
Show me your document , please .
Ah , it is clear enough to send .
It'll only take a couple of minutes .
I like to drive on freeway .
Don't worry.There ' re few cars now .
Are you free this afternoon ?
How long have you been there ?
Is there any change ?
Really ? Is it tiring ?
I want to go there , too . Can I ?
I am calling to thank you for giving me the interview for the Sales Manager position yesterday
I really enjoyed meeting with you .
I am very interested in this position .
Honey , the house is such a mess ! I need you to help me tidy up a bit . My boss and her husband are coming over for dinner and the house needs to be spotless !
This can ’ t wait ! I need your help now !
Ok , here ’ s a list of chores we need to get done . I'll do the dishes and get all the groceries for tonight.You can sweep and mop the floors . Oh , and the furniture needs to be dusted .
Sure that ’ s fine . Here is the list of all the things you need to get . Don't forget anything ! And can you pick up a bottle of wine on your way home ?
Great ! Can you set the table ?
I'd like to have a berth ticket to Shanghai .
The 19:00 train .
When is the next train to Shanghai ?
How much is the ticket ?
Here is 200 yuan .
Look , Bob hasn't made any progress on that project .
We should have a word with him .
Hello , this is Shogun Restaurant .
Can you tell me what night you will be coming ?
What time will you be dining with us ?
How many guests will be in your party ?
Please just give me your name , and at 7
Thank you , Mr . Foster , see you this Tuesday at 7
How much can I change 100 dollars for ?
How much will it be in Chinese currency ?
When can I get high speed internet installed ?
Can I make one right now ?
I'm off this Friday .
I'm going to need it installed earlier than that .
Is Saturday any better ?
Is 11
May I speak to Marry ?
Will it be too late if I call around ten this evening ?
I want to leave home , mum .
I am a grown-up , and I can stand on my own two feet .
I want a refund !
These pajamas don't fit right . They're too long .
No . I want my money back .
Fine . Here's my receipt . I'd better be able to use this anywhere in the store .
Mr . Drake , I'm pleased to do business with your company .
Your company is very well respected . About how long have you been in business ?
And this is your company's head office ?
That's wonderful . Isn't your company part of ARE Corporation ?
That's not bad . How long have you been in PR ?
What do you want to be ?
Oh , honey , but you must know what your hobby is , right ?
Can you help me ? The program is not responding and I don't know what to do .
No . It isn't .
But I can't move the cursor at all . My screen is frozen . What should I do ?
Yes , but nothing's happened .
I've never done that before . Will I lose all my files ?
Who is the next ?
All right . Over here , sir . How are you today ?
How do you want you hair cut ?
Yes , sir . I will use the scissors.Do you always part your hair on the left ?
That will be 3.50 dollars .
Where do you think we should go on holiday this summer ?
I ’ d really like to go to the Caribbean . We can relax on the beached and enjoy the sunshine .
But would it be relaxing ? By summer . I ’ ll be quite tired from doing so much work . The last thing I need is to use more energy racing around Australia . I ’ d need another holiday to recover from the holiday !
Do you think so ? I ’ m not so sure . Anyway , tell me your plans for an Australian holiday . How long do you think we should spend there ?
That doesn ’ t sound too bad . I ’ d certainly like to go diving . That ’ s one reason I wanted to go to the Caribbean .
We ’ d have to plan our drive before we leave . Let ’ s get a good guidebook from the bookstore when we go shopping in town tomorrow .
Hello , is that the Peace Restaurant ?
Yes . I'd like a table for six at 7:00 this evening . Can you arrange it for us ?
Let me see . It seems a little late .
OK . I'll change the time to 8: 00 .
It's John .
Hello . Is Becky there , please ?
Thanks .
Did you enjoy the restaurant ?
What do you think the problem was ?
How did you feel about the food ?
I don't think that the service was good , either .
Would you like to return to this restaurant ?
Excuse me . Miss , what does the doctor say about me ? When can I be discharged ?
Great , thanks . But how can I get discharged ?
What's it made of , could you tell me ?
Can it wear well and keep its shape ?
Bob , can I talk to you for a minute ? There have been some developments for the Stewart case that I really need to talk to you about .
Well , I'm afraid there is . I have some bad news for you about the results of the forensic tests ... there won't be any results .
I hate to tell you this , but it seems that every shred of evidence that would help us to convict were destroyed in a laboratory fire . There's nothing left . I'm so sorry ...
I'd like you to bring me some food .
Please send up a bottle of champagne , lobster tail , and filet mignon , medium rare .
Sure , I love porterhouse , too .
I'd love to , but I'm allergic to strawberries .
Go right ahead .
That dog has white long hair . It ’ s lovely .
What ’ s her name ?
My dog has spots . He is very strong .
Thomas , would you be so kind as to lay the table for me ? I'm busy in the kitchen .
They're all here .
Well , I ’ m glad I had a chance to see these samples , but I ’ m really not in a position to make a decision right now .
Yeah , why don ’ t you do that , and then you can give me a call sometime next week .
I will take the coat . Do you receive checks ?
Here you are . Please give me a receipt .
When should I come for work in the morning ?
When does the job start in the afternoon ?
Have you finished ?
Would you like some of coffee ?
Yes sir , one moment please . here is the check .
Here is the change .
good morning . What seems to be the problem ?
I ’ d say you ’ Ve been working too hard or are under stress for some reason . Have you been taking anything for your cold ?
good . I ’ m going to prescribe something stronger . It will make you feel drowsy , so you certainly should rest .
have you been working hard recently ?
good . Let ’ s take a look at that rash ... it looks worse than it is . I ’ m going to prescribe some ointment for it . If the rash doesn ’ t clear up in a few days , come back and see me . Do you have any other Sy
don ’ t worry about that . It ’ s probably of the stress you ’ Ve been under . Just take some aspirin . Combined with the stronger cough medicine , it will make you feel very tired . You shouldn ’ t work or use an
Excuse me . How much for a two liter bottle of Coke ?
How come so cheap ?
I ’ ll take one . And here is a dollar .
Have you ever climbed the mountain before ?
Now your dream comes true . Do you know the altitude of the mountain ?
I just discovered that I owe $ 10 for a movie that I never ordered .
That is absolutely incorrect ! I was out on the town Monday night .
Thank you for taking my word over the computer's word .
You can
Absolutely unbelievable ! You people should be ashamed of yourselves .
To get around your difficulty , Mr . Brown , I'd suggest that you reduce your order by half . You can send in an Addi trional order later .
A month before the time you want the goods to be delivered .
Getting the goods ready , making out the documents and booking the shipping space - - all this takes time , you know . You cannot expect us to make delivery in less than a month .
When will that be ?
You can rest assured of that . We'll book you order and inquire for the shipping space now , so that shipment can be effected within two or three weeks of receipt of your L / C .
Very good . Well , thanks to your cooperation , our discussion has been very pleasant and fruitful . I sincerely hope that the volume of trade between us will be even greater in the future .
Well , this is something new . A few of our friends from Europe have also suggested that we participate in joint enterprise with them dealing in some of our goods . We think there are a lot of details to go into .
Naturally , I appreciate your efforts in pushing the sale of Japanese arts and crafts . But I'm not in a position to discuss your proposal today . I must first talk to our director , and discuss it with you some other time .
Your PC is so amazing . Are you doing trade on internet ?
I'm wondering if you often trade with others on the internet .
Oh , really ? Is it a good way ?
What advantages does it have ?
I agree with you . It will cost too much when going abroad to join the exhibition .
So cool , if we do business through other ways , it will cost a lot of time .
Will you give me some suggestion ?
That'll be 12 dollars and 95 cents , please .
Oh , you don't have anything smaller ?
Hi , Mary , I have decided to look for a job as a salesman .
Yes . I have found some through different channels .
OK . The first piece of job information I got was from the Internet , and it is about selling medicines .
I am not familiar with the medicine industry , and I don't think it fits me well .
Another is about electronic commerce , and its products are mainly large machinery equipments .
I also feel it's nice . I want to give it a try .
Thanks . You can also seek job information on the Internet .
Do you know how late it is ?
I hope you don't think that excuse lets you off the hook .
Haven't I asked you to call if you're going to be home late ?
Regardless , all you had to do was give a call .
Come home late one more time , and you'll find your stuff outside .
That's right , maybe then you'll respect my rules .
You heard who won the election , didn ’ t you ?
I ’ m so happy that he did .
Did you vote for him ?
Of course I did !
I am , too !
I ’ m sure that he will .
I'm searching for an old music box .
If you had a box made in the ' 20s , that would be nice .
Would any of them have dancing figures ?
Oh , they're both so beautiful . Let me have this one , I think .
One last question
I guess I was asking for too much .
How about your study at college ?
Why did you select your college ?
What do you like doing in your spare time ?
May I help you ? Miss !
What color set do you prefer ?
We have a beautiful selection of eye shadows this fall . Look at the colors . Aren't they beautiful ?
If you insist , I can show you the brown sets . I'll have to warn you that they're very ordinary , though .
Why don't you wear purple eye shadow for a change ? We also have lipstick to go with it .
Sure . Are you wearing any make-up ?
Have a seat , please . Now , here is the mirror . How do you like it ?
Try the lipstick as well . See , how fresh and charming you look .
Excuse me , can I deposit valuables here ?
Here is the bag . Is that free ?
Look ! Allen has the mic !
That was before he heard Stanley sing ! I guess he couldn't stand it any more , so he decided to give it a try himself !
Sorry to bother you . But I ’ m having a small problem I thought you might be able to help me with .
Well , it is about Ms . Connors , the landlord of our rented house .
The dishwasher broke down . I had the repair done and deducted the cost from the rent check .
She is threatening to evict us for not paying the full rent .
Well , you are over at the law school . So I wondered if you would mind coming with me when we talk to Ms . Connors . We ’ re supposed to meet with her tomorrow night at eight .
It's Mrs Bardot , isn't it ?
I'm Greg Wu , Head of Consultancy . I see that you'd like a credit check done for your company . Is that right ?
I see . So , it's not for your company , it's for the prospective partner ?
I couldn't agree more . If you have the company details with you I can get on with that right away . Is there anything else that you need from us today ?
We do indeed . Such as making trade investments , financial consultancy , and of course the service you requested .
Hello , Steven . We're thinking of appointing an agent for our products . I want you to find one for us .
The agent we are looking for will help us in Britain with publicity , advertising and so on .
What course did you like best ?
Do you feel that you have received a good general training ?
Oh , no . We ’ re going to be late for the meeting .
Oh , good .
Well , cabs are more expensive than the bus or the subway . It ’ ll probably cost around six dollars .
I can ’ t find the business card . Do you know the address ?
Right .
Please show me the menu , Miss .
Yes . I'd like an Italian soup to start with and then some fried noodles .
Yes , I'd like another cup of coffee afterwards . Make it hot , please .
I really like what you have . But the price for this product is much higher than we expected . I am absolutely not a buyer at that price .
I understand that . If you can lower the price by 10 percent , we have a deal right now .
Err , well , I can ’ t decide right now . Do you mind if I have a small internal discussion on this first ? I will tell you our decision this afternoon .
I am sorry to tell you that you failed in the job interview in our company .
It is hard to tell . Maybe it is because you're not resourceful enough to be a manager .
Two burgers , please .
Could I have your name , please ?
How do you spell your last name ?
Wake up , it's time for school .
You have to get up and get ready for school .
I can't let you go back to sleep , because you won't wake back up .
You still need to eat breakfast , take a shower , and get dressed .
I don't want you to be late for school today .
Fine , five more minutes .
Ah ! No ! Damn it !
So what ? I just lost one hour's worth of work .
No , I didn't save this time.Damn it ! And I'm sick of writing this paper . Now I have to write it all over again too .
I hate computers . Sometimes I think they cause more trouble than they're worth .
I don't know . I feel like going out .
It doesn't matter . I still can go out and buy a beer .
Yes , that's true . Damn ! I just lost half my paper , and now I can't even do my homework.This is a bad time for this to happen .
Thanks . I think I will try . Where are you going ?
Maybe we can trade.Why don't you stay here and read for my exam , and I'll go drink beer ?
So ? You can go to the class for me.Just write my name on the exam book and take the exam . Why not ?
About fourteen .
How much will our order from your factory be ?
I'm afraid I can't wait that long . Can your office at least provide me with a ballpark figure ?
Just give me an estimated figure for an order of 100 units .
Your estimated is seems a little high to me , we're willing to pay $ 80 per unit .
This is exciting ! Thank you so much !
Boy oh , boy ! This is so cool . Let's rock and roll !
Is there anything I could help you with , sir ?
This way , please .
These are French coats , sir.They are quite fashionable these days .
How does that fit , sir ?
It looks good on you .
I'd get it myself if I could .
Oh honey , I tell you good news . The apartment I looked at today was pretty decent , around 120 square meters .
Very quiet and safe . And it ’ s got a lot of trees and plants .
Yep , it ’ s near a bus stop .
Do you know anything about health food ?
Can you give me some examples ?
Really ? Why we must have warm and fresh water ?
Anything else ?
I've read your resume and know a lot of things about your qualifications for this position . One thing you didn't mention is why you left your last job ? I know the company you worked for is a good company .
I understand . Why would you like to join our company ?
Like what ?
that's good to know . Why do you think you ’ re qualified for this position ?
Well , this is not quite the style I want . Have you any suit in fashion ?
Can I try it on ?
Do you play cards ?
What's the English for Hongtao , Leitao , Meihua and Fangpian ?
Is this the Central Park to East Market bus ?
To the Municipal Government Hall .
I'd like to return this radio .
I lost it .
But I purchased it yesterday .
Well , that's a start , I guess .
That sounds good . I'll take the escalator .
Can I help you , sir ?
Yes , It ’ s on the third floor .
Here is your bill . It's $ 60 .
It's for the drinks .
May I come in ?
I'm sorry to trouble you , but I'd like to ask when I will get a raise .
You said the same thing three months ago .
You mean that I won't get a raise until the recession ends ?
I got the message . I'm quiting .
I've been here for 3 years , and I haven't had a raise in all that time . If you like my work , it should be reflected in my pay , and I feel it isn't .
So can you fix it ?
What do you mean ? I bought this computer just three years ago !
OK , I know where this is going . How much will it cost me to get a new computer ?
I have no idea what you are talking about . I just want to know if it ’ s good and if I will be able to play solitaire without the computer crashing or freezing all the time !
It's an ugly day today .
It's the middle of summer , it shouldn't rain today .
Yeah , especially since it's ninety degrees outside .
Yes , it would be .
Me too . I can't wait until winter .
I'd rather be cold than hot .
Welcome to Youth Travel Agency . Is there anything I can do for you ?
Why not come here and have a look at the guidebook ?
We have the capital ready.Right now I am looking at three different companies to produce our products.And your company , Mr . Chen , seems to me to be the best for what we want .
You have some doubts about our products , I understand .
Of course . Let me tell you in some detail about our idea.You know the popular Hello Kitty products .
Well , the products in themselves are very simple.It is the logo that is successful.So , Hello Kitty is successful because of the logo , but the products are very simple .
That might be true.But we have a logo concept that is great . It is really great . I think it will catch on in Taiwan at least . Young people will love it.It is because of our logo that our products will sell.We just need someone to produce the products for us.We have the backup and people to do the marketing .
Yes , we would like to make things like key chains , plastic pencil sharpeners , plastic rulers , watches , wallets , things like that.Little accessories for young people . But the reason these will sell is the logo.Just like Hello Kitty .
Because it hasn't been copyrighted . We want to get some protection for it.But while we wait for copyright , we are investigating companies to produce the products .
I understand . For now , though , you could just give us an estimated price.We aren't going to sign a contract yet . We are just investigating . I only need to know that your company is capable of producing the products.And then , I only need a very rough idea of how much it might cost .
Good morning . May I help you ?
He's not in , I'm afraid .
I am sorry , I don't know .
Gongshan Development Co . , Ltd.may I help you ?
May I ask who's calling , please ?
I'm sorry Mrs wang , but Mrs Fu is not in at the moment .
As suppose you reback at 10
Of course .
Ok , Mrs wang . I'll do that .
Tomorrow I will be the new owner of all dad's assets .
I know . I miss him terribly .
I thought I would feel like I was in the lap of Luxury .
No , I think I will run things much the same way that Dad did .
Good moming.sir . Here is your breakfast .
Is there anything I can do for you ?
Good morning , welcome to Bank of the USA . How may I help you today ?
Okay , have you made a wire transfer at our bank before ?
It ’ s alright , I will take you through the procedure . Are you transferring funds to a company or an individual account ?
Okay , I ’ ll need the name of the company and their bank routing number as well as their bank ’ s address and phone number .
Well . You ’ Ve come prepared . I have all the necessary materials so we can go ahead and make the transfer right now . It ’ s a simple transaction , and we can process it today .
Excuse me , sir , this is the express check-out lane for people that have fifteen items or fewer . It looks like you have more than fifteen items there .
Fine ! Please place your items on the belt and push your shopping cart through . Do you prefer paper or plastic ?
No problem , I ’ ll take those . Sir , these coupons expired yesterday .
Do you have a club card or will it be cash ?
Will this be debit or credit ?
can you give me a hand with some things in the kitchen ? I don ’ t think I can finish everything in time .
first of all , I need you to do the drying up . I ’ m almost finished the washing up . I ’ m going to clean the cooker when I finish .
we ’ ll have this finished in no time with two if us working on it .
actually , it was just some leftovers from yesterday . I made far too much food to eat alone . I am glad you could come over to help me finish it .
yes . Look in that drawer . I should throw the old one out .
Are you looking for part time or full time employment ?
So you are interested in being with a company for the long term ?
Here is an application . Please fill it out to the best of your ability . Did you bring a resume and references ?
Keep them until you ready to give me the application and you can turn them all in at once .
I ’ d like to buy these shoes .
The price tag says $ 99.99 .
Oh , of course . How silly of me to forget .
I think I have the cash . Let me check . Yes , here you are .
Tom , how do you think of second-hand goods ?
I'm considering buying a second-hand computer for I'm short of money now .
But do you really mean that the second - hand goods are just as good as the new ones ?
City Bank . This is Tom . May I help you ?
We're on the same team here , Elvin . I'm being nice because we need to get along together .
If we want to beat WebTracker , we're going to have to work hand in hand .
You'd rather lose to WebTracker than do things my way ?
Mom , can I have more allowance ?
I want to buy more books .
Of course not ! I'm telling the truth .
Steven , I am ready for breakfast .
It's in that pan there . Your boy Dean broke the silex yesterday , so I have to boil it in the pan .
That's good . You can make breakfast yourself if you don't like it .
I warmed a couple of snails , and your eggs are in the frying pan .
Don't worry . It's only ten to seven . You must have forgotten to set your watch back .
Yeah . Keep on eating your breakfast . You can catch the early bus .
Is there any way we could get a better warranty on this product ?
That might not be ideal because there would be some drawbacks to an annual contract situation that might make it difficult to sell to our buyers . What about free delivery ? If we make a large enough order , could you waive the deliver fee ?
Right Rebecca . Now I see that after graduating from University your first job was ...
Certainly . And after your internship ?
Yes I see . But you decided to leave them in 2006 right .
The London Weekly right .
Wow , you ’ re up early today ! What ’ s for breakfast ?
Smells good ! I ’ ll make some coffee . Do you want me to make you some eggs ?
Www , I don ’ t know how you can eat your eggs like that ! Ever since I was small , I ’ Ve had eggs and soldiers .
You know what really drives me crazy ? When I ask for soft boiled eggs , and they overcook them , so they come out hard boiled ! How can you dip your toast into a hard boiled egg ?
Here you go , honey , fried eggs .
Let me see your passport , please .
You come from Germany , don't you ?
How long will you be staying in China ?
OK . Have you filled in the Declaration Form ?
Is this your luggage ?
What do you have in the luggage ?
What is this big box at the front door ?
What did you get yourself into ?
So , what's in the box ? A fridge ?
I guess you'll read the fine print next time , won't you !
Take me to this address , please .
How much do I owe you , sir ?
Are you kidding ? The meter says 15 dollars , doesn't it ?
I don't get it . I'll go and have our doorman talk to you then .
Dental clinic . This is Mr . Adams .
All right , David . Is this for a checkup or a cleaning ?
What tooth is giving you pain ?
Shall we go out tonight ?
We'd better ask dad first .
Pardon me . I need an old music box .
Actually , I was thinking about something from the 1920s .
Do any of the boxes have dancing figures ?
I love the dancing figures . I'll take this music box .
I was wondering , does this come with any kind of warranty ?
I was just hoping .
I am a reporter from Channel 5 News .
Could I ask you some questions ?
Did you vote today ?
What candidate did you vote for ?
Why is that ?
I understand .
What sort of experience do you have ?
Where was your last job ?
Why did you quit your last job ?
You look a bit under the weather .
I know that it ’ s going around the dorms .
I have some cold tablets if you would like one .
Drinking liquids and getting rest is a good idea with a cold .
You could always go to the pharmacy if it gets worse and you want suggestions .
I need to see if I qualify for a home loan .
I make around one hundred thousand dollars per year .
I have only worked at this job for 6 months , but I have a longer job history elsewhere .
No , I only receive my salary .
I think that it is around 600 .
Sorry sir . But you can ’ t go into the OR .
It was touching girl for a while .
She will be OK . She is a tough cookie .
In my opinion she will up about soon .
I believe it . Well , I ’ Ve got to go back in .
All right . Just relax , OK ? Go and got a cup of coffee .
Everything is OK now , doctor .
You are welcome , doctor .
The total is 87 dollars . Here is the bill .
It sounds like Bob's getting out of bed .
It was after 2 am .
Is this the front desk ?
This is Room 705 . The air conditioner in my room doesn't work .
And may I have two more towels , please ?
I've been waiting here in the conference room for ten minutes already . What time does our meeting start ? Where is everyone anyway ?
What ? The meeting was proponed ? No one told me anything about it .
What memo ? There haven't been any memos this whole week . I check my unbox every day , and I haven't seen anything .
You know how things get piled up on my desk when I am busy — I know that sometimes I do misplace things , but I always read all the memos that go around . They go directly to my in-box . Are you sure it was sent to the whole office ?
I'm usually too busy to take a bunch of coffee breaks and gossip by the water cooler . Anyway , I am sure the memo never got to my in-box . I'll have to talk to our secretary about it .
Can you show me how to use chopsticks ?
Oh , it is not easy to learn !
Well , I don't think I can manage with it .
I would love to rent out your apartment .
How much is the rent ?
That ’ s a lot of money .
What about $ 800 ?
I can ’ t pay much more than that .
That would be fine .
Hello , is this house keeper ?
This room 117 , and we have just checked in .
Our room hasn't been cleaned up yet.So would you send one of your house keepers to clean up our room .
Our room number is 117 and my name is Terry Chen .
I'm hungry . Let's go to the snack bar .
I am going to try Gado Gado .
it's a kind of rice ball that is made in Malaysia . What about you ?
do you want noodles , vegetables , rice , meat , seafood , beans , or dessert ?
have you ever tried tempura ?
it's deep fried vegetables , which is commonly eaten in Japan .
most people eat tempura with chopsticks , but you can use a fork if you don't know how to use chopsticks .
let me think . You could get an Indian or Thai vegetable curry , or you could get some Kimchi .
Would you like to see our new shirts ?
Well , they are very nice you know .
And not expensive either .
Everybody is buying them .
Yes , they are very fashionable , you see .
I see .
Going to the gym tonight , Mary ?
That sounds like fun.Would you mind some company ?
I'll get my things and meet you there .
How nice these frames are !
I want to try on this pair .
That's right .
I agree , but I like wire frames .
The channel boats are quite fast , aren't they ?
I hope we shan't have a rough passage .
That's a good idea .
Yes , unfortunately . I'm very much subject to it .
Yes , this little boat gets up a fine speed , and I think we'll soon get to the land .
May I help you ?
Certainly . These are thirty yuan each and these are twenty-five .
How about these ? They are nine yuan each .
Did you work in a charity organization ?
In what way did those social activities have impact on your mind ?
I need help figuring out how to use this phone .
Yes , I hear the tone .
Yes , it changed .
I am trying to call home .
Yes , I have a list of extensions .
Can I help you ?
I am sorry , sir . Your baggage is 2kg overweight.You have to pay extra money for it .
I saw on TV that there is an entertainment item , bungee in Beijing Longtanhu Park . Except that the height is not exiting enough .
The highest bungee spot in the world is located in Mount Kikicama , South Africa , which is 216 meters high . A cable car in a scenic spot in Switzerland is 160 meters high .
It is said that Bungee was originally a grown-up ceremony of the indigenous people of New Guinea . People stood on branches of the tree , which was over 30 meters high . Their feet were fastened with canes and they jumped off from where they stood . When they almost reached the ground , they suddenly stopped to prove their bravery and express that they were able to endure the hardships of life independently .
Bill , please .
Excuse me , what's this item for ?
But we've can canceled one bottle .
I'm sorry for the miscalculation . Here's the new bill . Would you mind checking it again ?
How much is the fare ?
Could you tell me how to use it ?
Oh , I see . By the way , how can I get out of the platform after I get off the train ?
Thank you for your help .
We're supposed to check in at the air-china ’ s counter . Thirty minutes before take off , Joe .
Do we need to show our ID cards when checking in .
What about our luggage ?
Are they going to frisk all the passengers ?
You look kind of green .
Have you had anything to eat lately ?
Perhaps the food was bad .
Has anything been upsetting you lately ?
Do you think that maybe you are getting the flu ?
Hello ! nice to see you here at the finest centre again . What exercises are you going to do today ?
Good idea . I'd suggest you do some crunches too . Thery're great for getting in shape . Make sure you do them correctly .
Sure . Is today only you second visit ?
The treadmill is excellent for helping you to build up stamina . Each time you use it , increase this distance . don't worry about your speed at first . You can increase that later .
Paul , you were also a parent of young kids before . So , can you tell me what you did when your kids didn ’ t behave very well ?
I do it , too . You know , sometimes when we eat , my child would pull a dish towards him and grab it with his hands and eat . And if it were something he doesn ’ t like , he would spit it out and throw it into other dishes . He does it very often . I really get mad . I can ’ t help spank him sometimes .
My husband is an American . He criticizes me when I do that . He says that I can ’ t change a child ’ s behavior by using force . He is learning what I am doing now .
I really do like this dining set.But I just don't know . I don't know if I can do a good job with it .
What instructions ?
I see . But can I understand the instructions ? I'm a foreigner , you know .
Could you tell me now some of the things I need to do ?
Do I have to sand every inch of the table ?
Alright .
Sawdust ?
That makes sense .
And I can choose any color ?
And after the varnish ?
And then ?
It all sounds very complicated .
Well , I will look around your shop some more . I need to think about it .
Good afternoon , Miss Tao . Please sit down .
I ’ Ve read your application materials with interest . Now I want to ask you a few questions , if you don ’ t mind .
The first is why you choose our company ?
Why do you want to quit your present company ?
Well , when do you think you can come over to work ?
When you start to work , I ’ ll give you $ 3,000 a month .
Excuse me , what's the checking time for flight FA1187 ?
Yes , and I have already gone through the safety inspection .
Excuse me . Where is the Beijing railway station ?
How long will I take it to get there ?
May I take a bus or a taxi to get there ?
Excuse me . Sir . Where is the No . 1 bus stop ?
Do you like reading magazines ?
Why ?
No , you can learn a lot from them .
Absolutely . And it's a good way to kill time during the tour .
Yes , I do .
Can you put me through to Mr . Lining ?
I am calling to let you know that you are selected to fill the position of Project Manager .
By the way , are you married ?
The air conditioning is not working ! We need to call a handyman before we start to fry in here !
That would be convenient . They might as well ask him to fix the electrical wiring . The circuit breakers keep going out all the time . It ’ s really annoying !
How long have you been in this company ?
You must have found much difference between working in company and studying in college .
Well , you ’ Ve adapted yourself very well . Everyone in our office thinks you ’ Ve made a great progress in the past two years . What is your secret ?
How will you ship the order ?
Good afternoon , it's nice to see you again . Have you decided to go ahead and try for the Fixed Asset Loan ?
That depends . Our repayment plans go from 1 year to 10 years . The Fixed Asset Loan is a long-term loan , you see . The loan can be paid in either monthly or quarterly instalments , to suit your needs .
You will need to pay part of the principle sum and part of the interest due .
Would you be kind enough to lend me forty pounds ?
Good morning , sir . What can I do for you ?
OK ! How much do you want to deposit ?
Would you please fill in a deposit form first ? Please write down your name , your account number and the amount you want to put in .
Interest is paid at the rate of 1 % per annum at present . And it is added to your account every year .
How much is the voucher worth ?
Here it is .
OK . Here you are .
Sorry , I'm late .
Freeze ! Police ! Put your hands over your head !
You're under arrest for concealing illegal drugs .
You are suspected of hiding illegal drugs . So we are taking you into custody .
We've found some heroin at your house .
That may be , but you're still under arrest . And you'd better stop talking .
I think I'm going to go to the market today .
Yeah , I think so .
I'm not sure what we need .
Could you do it for me , and write out a list of things that we need ?
Like what ?
Just go and make a list for me , please .
Jenny , Can you come and help me ?
It's dusty everywhere in the house . Can you help me do the housecleaning ?
Mr . Phillips ? I have a request here from purchasing that needs your approval .
I believe it ’ s going to Ms . Wilson ’ s office .
Excuse me , what material is it ?
No , where are the cotton cloths ?
What is the shrink rate after washing ?
Our supervisor Lester does . Actually , Lester is kind of like the kitchen god .
He just stays in the kitchen and watches you . Before the Chinese New Year , the kitchen god tells his boss whether you were good or bad this year . Just like Lester does !
Actually , there's a way to keep the kitchen god from telling the bad things you did .
I think so ! Just serve a lot of sweet dishes next week . That will make the kitchen god say sweet things about you !
And what happened ?
I need a taxi .
No , the taxi will do .
No , thank you . Taxis and I get along just fine .
I'm seeing a show at Rockefeller Center .
I'm ready to go right now .
Great ! As soon as I brush my teeth , I'll be downstairs .
Excuse me .
Um , this steak , I asked for to be medium rare .
Well , I ’ m afraid it isn ’ t . It ’ s a bit too well done and rather tough . Would you mind changing ?
Judy , what do you think of the new general manager ?
I heard he's very clear about his likes and dislikes and he's not the type to just let things go , so don ’ t provoke him .
Me too , I don't know why , but every time I see the guy , I break into a cold sweat .
Whatever we said , we must be more careful .
I ’ m interested in all kinds of your products , but this time I would like to order some fireworks and mosquito coil incense . Please quote us C . I . F . Rangoon .
I ’ m going to place a trial order for 1,000 units of a dozen fireworks and 500 cartons of mosquito coil incense .
Your price is reasonable but I wonder if you would give us a discount . You know for the products like yours we usually get 2 % or 3 % discount from European suppliers .
Discounts will more or less encourage us to make every effort to push sales of your products .
As far as a trial order is concerned , the quantity is by no means small . And generally speaking , we like to profit from a trial order . I hope you ’ ll be able to meet our requirements .
1 % ? That ’ s too low a rate . Could you see your way to increase it to 2 % ? .
It seems this is the only proposal for me to accept . I ’ ll come again tomorrow to discuss it in detail .
Hello , can I help you ?
How long has it been on for ?
You can still drive , without problems .
Let's check it out . There'll be a $ 45 charge to check it over . If you fix it with us , we'll include the $ 45 into your repair .
Please write down your address and phone number , and sign here .
It'll be about an hour . Are you going to wait ?
Have you gone to school today ?
I couldn't go to school today , I was sick .
Thank you very much , that's kind of you .
When you miss a day of school , I'll be happy to give you the English assignments .
Can I order something from the kitchen ?
A bottle of champagne , lobster tail , and filet mignon , medium rare would hit the spot .
Sure ! Right now , I would even eat hamburger !
Thank you , but I just finished eating some chocolate-covered cherries .
Not a problem .
Sorry to trouble you . Can you tell me how to get to the City Bank ?
How long will it take if I walk ?
These three hours chatting with you have been very ... interesting . Could you please tell us why we're here ?
What is our time frame ?
May I take yor order now ?
We have caviar , foiegras , lox , cold beef , sour cucumber ...
Are you voting tomorrow ?
You know that I am .
It ’ s at the park up the street .
Where ’ s your polling place ?
How come you don ’ t know where it is ?
You should check online .
Why aren ’ t they are aware of the gravity of the situation ?
Sir , I've finished your shaving . Wow , it takes years off you after having a shave .
Thank you . May I suggest you to trim your eyebrows ?
No , sir , I am serious . Haven't you heard that today men are becoming increasingly interested in having their eyebrows professionally groomed ?
Absolutely . Several men have tried it in my A shop . Do you want to try ?
Can I stay out all night with my friends ?
But we'll be careful .
I'm sleepy . I can hardly keep my eyes open .
Hello .
Hi , Dad . Where are you ?
Thank you , Dad .
She's a Persian . She has papers and everything . Not like a street dog .
And bugs . They can catch anything .
No , they use litter boxes or go outside by themselves.Thev ' re so smart .
The washing machine isn't working again .
Now we arrive at the Cambridge University , it is one of the oldest universities in the world .
In 2009 Cambridge will come to its eight hundredth anniversary .
What do you think of our price ?
Yes , we regret we cannot maintain our original price . Since the prices of the raw materials have been raised , we have to adjust the price of our products accordingly .
I don't think so . You must compare our price with that it other export houses . I'm sure our offer is in line with the prevailing market price level .
I'm afraid that there is no room for any reduction in price .
We've already cut down our price to cost level .
Yes this is the best we can do .
A report says running red lights causes one thousand traffic accidents every year .
Maybe they know they shouldn ’ t run a red light , but when they are driving they don ’ t pay enough attention to traffic lights .
What are the requirements to apply for the position ?
Do you think my educational background suits this position ?
Does this job require that new employees take any kind of training course ?
Could you tell something about the job ?
Good morning , Miss.Are there boat tickets to Miami on the first of September
I'd like the first-class cabin for two . What's the fare ?
How long is the boat time-table effective ?
I want to know what port does our ship stop at ?
How long will the trip take from here to New York ?
Did you order the cake ?
Get on the phone right now . It might not be too late .
Yeah . How about “ Happy Birthday Tony , from the gang . ”
What would you like to eat ?
How about something to drink ?
Hey , Robert , that's a nice shirt you are wearing . Where did you get it ?
that's nice . Do you know you can get one at the wholesale market near the zoo for a much lower price ?
true , learning how to haggle the price is one of the things people have to pick up when they come to China for the first time .
yeah , I have the same feeling . Also there is another thing that bothers me the quality . Things in a department store are usually quality-guaranteed . But at a wholesale market , you never know whether w
When will the campus recruitment of L'Oreal being this year ?
It is really early , isn't it ?
Dahua's Market . How can I help you ?
We are on Nanjing Road , next to the theatre .
Excuse me . Can you take me to the airport ?
Kennedy Airport .
What do you think a job is ?
Where do you see yourself three years from now ?
That sounds reasonable .
Fine . What kind of relationship do you think should exist between a boss and his or her employees ?
You'll have a definite answer from us within a week . Goodbye .
Oh , here comes a bus !
How long have you waited ?
I am so busy today .
I ’ m not sure . Perhaps you could do the shopping .
Or maybe make the beds .
Thanks . That ’ s terrific !
Do you like this dress , madam ?
What about this one ? It's a lovely dress . It's very smart . Short skirts are in fashion now . Would you like to try it ?
Can I help you ?
Have you made a reservation ?
How long will you be staying ?
A single room costs you $ 85 / day .
Yes .
What's the date today Mr.Brown . I don't have a calendar .
25th Sep ? Oh , I have an appointment tonight .
It is at 8 o'clock .
I don't know what time it is.It must be about 6 o'clock . I have to go now . I don't want to be late .
Excuse me ! How can I get to the post office , please ?
Thank you very much .
Hello , stewardess . Could you bring me a blanket ? I feel so cold .
I'd like a pillow as Well .
Have you started cleaning up your room yet ?
When exactly do you plan on cleaning it ?
I thought I asked you to clean your room earlier .
Remember to vacuum the floor and dust everything .
Make sure that you don't go anywhere until you clean your room .
Do you think I should join the basketball team , Mary ?
But I'm afraid it'll take up too much of my time .
Good morning , Sir . Are you here to get some advice about our new Personal Financing Program ?
The account is a compound savings account , which is in RIB and Forex .
Yes , you can have a Money Link card . You can also base the account on time deposits . The choice is yours .
The interest on this new account is higher than any of the accounts in our Personal Financing .
Yes , you can have multi-accounts on the card , you can also make transfers from the account and securities companies and various other benefits .
Ladies and Gentlemen , this is the Statue of Liberty . It's one of the American symbol .
The statue has for a century acted as a figurehead for the American Dream .
Good morning , can I help you ?
When ?
The flight number is Cz353 . it departs at 17:10 and arrives at 45 .
Your passport , please .
This house is very nice for me , but I can ’ t afford it in a lump sum .
That ’ s good . Will you tell me the details ?
How long will it take ?
I need to talk it over with my wife .
Susan , can you give me a hand ?
I want to create a password for this document . Please tell me how to do it .
What do I do after I've typed in my password ?
Where on earth are we going to borrow at 3 % ?
You can knock off another 2 % for that .
Not quite , if we get too heavily in debt , the shares will tend to drop .
So you're going picnicking ?
Have a good day !
I went to the doctor yesterday .
I said I had been to the doctor the day before .
He said I ' d got the flu .
He told me to stay in bed for ten days .
Bob , What are you thinking about ?
Do you think it'll work ?
Room service . May I help you ?
Certainly . If you want to make a local call , dial 10 first and then call the number you want .
Welcome to our company , My name is Jon Dahl Green . I'm in charge of the export department . Let me give you my business card .
How was your flight ?
Here's your schedule . After this meeting , we will visit the factory and have another meeting with the production manager . And you'll be having dinner with our director .
Of course . I've arranged it at 10 0 ' clock tomorrow morning .
Sure , did you receive the sample we sent last week ?
I'm very glad to hear that .
The unit price is $ 12.50 .
I'm afraid we can't . $ 12.50 is our rock bottom price . If you purchase more than 10,000 units we can reduce it to $ 12.00 .
Very good . It's been a pleasure to do business with you , Mr . Smith .
Excuse me , can you tell me where the post office is ?
I'm afraid I don't quite understand .
What's the quickest way to get there ?
Can you tell me where the taxi stand is ?
Thank you .
Excuse me , can you help me ? I would like to change rooms if possible , I couldn ’ t sleep at all last night , because the people in the room next to mine were making a lot of noise , also if at all possible , I ’ d like a room that doesn ’ t overlook the street , between the noisy neighbors and the highway outside , I didn ’ t sleep a wink .
I ’ m on the 6th floor , room 698 , I ’ v had many problems with that room , just this morning , I called someone up to fix the light fixture in the bathroom , it didn ’ t work , and it still doesn ’ t work .
Ok , that would be very nice ! What do I need to do to transfer ?
Now , if I look here I see that you completed a BA in English ?
Yes , I ’ m pleased to see that you also got a distinction .
Well , it looks like his encouragement paid off Rebecca . So how about extracurricular activities at University ?
What did that involve ?
I ’ m sure . Okay , now let ’ s move on to your work experience , shall we ?
You owe $ 36.78 .
I ’ m sorry , but your card isn ’ t working .
The machine says your card was declined .
Do you have another card ?
Maybe you can just pay in cash ?
I guess you won ’ t be able to purchase these items today .
Marriott Street .
M , A , double R , I , O , double T .
I would like to get my driver's license today .
I haven't taken it yet .
Can I take my test right now ?
I would like to do that right now , if I could .
That's perfect .
The morning would be nice .
Have you moved into your new house yet , Michael ?
So , what do you think about the place ? Are you glad that you moved in ?
How old is the house then ?
Sounds fascinating . Where is your new house located ?
Do you have a big yard ?
Is your house well-lit ?
How many rooms does your house have ?
Mary , we're going to the supermarket . Do you want to come ?
Let's all go together then .
She's getting coupons from her desk .
They give you discounts on some stuff that you want to buy .
Wow , you ’ re up early today ! What ’ s for breakfast ?
Smells good ! I ’ ll make some coffee . Do you want me to make you some eggs ?
Www , I don ’ t know how you can eat your eggs like that ! Ever since I was small , I ’ Ve had eggs and soldiers .
You know what really drives me crazy ? When I ask for soft boiled eggs , and they overcook them , so they come out hard boiled ! How can you dipyour toast into a hard boiled egg ?
Here you go , honey , fried eggs .
Hello , come in , I've been waiting for you .
No , no , no , not at all.It ' s just that I've been looking forward to meeting you .
Ha , ha , ha ! Yes , I guess I deserved that . Let me explain , okay ?
Well , as you probably know I buy from a selected group of suppliers and don't , as a rule , deal with new people .
I'm very old-fashioned . I believe in loyalty.Once I start a sales relationship with someone , I stay with him or her , and we so most of our business on the phone . I expect their absolute best price possible and don't haggle.But if I find out they screwed me over , then I find another supplier .
Well , those are my terms . As long as you honor them , we do business.If you break faith and try to take advantage , I'll find someone else to work with . Can you live with that ?
Hi Ron , this is Kim at headquarters .
Great , thanks . I was calling to change our meeting next week .
Well , I was hoping we could reschedule for early next month , Our trip has been postponed until the 2nd .
That works for me ! I will call you when I get into town to reconfirm .
Watch out ! You'll hit that car if you're not careful .
You see . I told you you'd hit him if you weren't careful .
If you're observant you'll see rare birds , insects , butterflies , and a few reptiles . But you must look for them . There are also a few am-phibians in lower places .
Huh ! I am really out-of-shape , Why aren't you out-of-breath ?
How can you say that ? But , you could give me a piggyback the rest of the way .
Hi , Steven , take a seat ! How are things at work ?
Can you finish it on time ?
OK , I will send Beker to help you . We need to get the brochures done and sent them to our clients on Friday without delay .
OK , I just want to brief you all on the travel market in Taiwan . To start with , generally speaking , the travel industry in Taiwan focuses mainly on tours . This segment of the industry is well developed .
Yes , of course . Most of the time , when they travel , they prefer to do so in large groups accompanied by a guide , who usually takes care of everything , for instance , choosing the restaurants , the itinerary , the mode of transport , and things like that . Another thing is that most travelers to the UK tend to be middle aged , around 40 to 50 or so . This age group is less adventurous ; they like good hotels , and have money to spend . They kind of prefer to stay in the cities where they feel safer . They are not into mountain climbing in Wales or anything .
Just a moment . I'll tell you about that in a minute . Where was I ? Oh yes . By way of illustration , let ’ s look at the top five destinations in the UK for this kind of traveler over the last five years . If you look at page ten you can see what I mean . In spite of these characteristics of the market , I still think there is room for growth in the youth sector .
OK , let me tell you what we ’ Ve been doing . We ’ Ve been in touch with the Wales and Scottish Tourist development offices here in Taiwan and they ’ re interested in working with us to promote their regions to the youth segment . We ’ Ve decided to implement an advertising campaign focusing on the excitement of the activities in those regions .
Go ahead .
Well , at the moment we are trying to work out those details . We haven't managed to come up with a concrete plan yet , but we are working on it .
Where is the boss ? I need him to sign a few documents . I checked in his office , but he is not there . Is he out of the office now ?
What's he studying ?
Sounds like a tiring schedule.He ’ s probably got a lot of homework too , eh ?
Why is that ?
Hello , reservation desk . Can I help you ?
What day would you like to reserve the suite for , sir ?
I ’ m sorry , sir . We can ’ t accept reservations for next Friday due to over booking . May I suggest another hotel , sir ?
Please hold the line . I ’ ll see if there is a duplex suite available on that day . ( a minute later ) Sir ? Holiday Inn is available for your need .
Hello , I would like to speak with Ryan .
Ryan , this is Malia , and I am afraid that I am feeling a bit under the weather .
I have a horrible rash from poison oak .
The doctor said that I probably have had it a few days .
I bought some over-the-counter lotion , and I am taking an antihistamine .
Mmmm ... This apartment seems a little expensive . Do you have any cheap studios ?
Do you think any studios will open up soon ?
Can I help you with something ?
Is there a problem with it ?
What would you like to do with all the money in this account ?
I can do that .
Do you want to take any money out ?
It ’ s going to take a moment for me to cancel your account .
Hi , Nancy . How are you doing ?
Not right now . I've got to get another car and my old one is blown up .
You mean used cars ?
Well , yeah , but I'd be getting somebody else's problems .
It's the same kind of deal though , you know , you never know what you're going to get .
What's wrong with you ?
It's just around the comer.Would you need some pills ?
Hi , Zina . Lots of people are looking for you .
Like Elvin . He isn't too happy about what you promised Stars.com .
You do realize that it isn't humanly possible for us to finish by next week ?
Good morning , how have you been doing ?
Have you had any type of bug lately ?
Has anyone ever told you that you have allergies ?
Does this happen more when you are under stress ?
I am going to refer you to a pulmonary specialist who can run tests on you for asthma .
Let's go to Wangfujing by bus .
OK , it will be a new experience for me .
Where do we pay the fare ?
Let me pay for it . Where can I get a subway map ?
Do I have to pay an additional fare to change trains ?
What should I do if I notice a fire ?
Should I try to put the fire out ?
Do you know the restrictions about the carry-on items for exiting ?
What are the things that are forbidden to take in departure ?
Hey , how are you doing ?
Sure , whatever you need .
How are you , Sue ?
Congratulations on your success .
And how ’ s your brother ?
He ’ s going to be sent to Britain to study , really ?
Fantastic ! Please send him my congratulations .
Excuse me , can I have your passport , your immigration form and your Customs Declaration Form , please ?
How long will you be staying at Hotel in China ?
And what's the purpose of your visit ?
And where will you be staying ?
OK . Could you put your hand baggage on the counter , please ? Do you have any gifts , or food in here ?
I'm sorry , sir , you can't bring fresh fruit into China . I'm going to have to confiscate these .
Well , Yuri , tell me about it .
That's what I was afraid of .
Mud ? But Ivan told me there were no mudslides in that district . I thought all the mudslides were down in Chichitango .
Oh , that's terrible ! What bad luck ! I wish we had never come to this country.But , if it isn't the strikes and the revolutionaries , it's the earthquakes.Our operations here are finished !
It's not your fault , Yuri.But tell me . When will Ivan be able to get out there ?
Good . I want an estimate of damages as soon as possible .
Yes , Yuri ?
Has the earthquake damaged the bridges too ?
Are you serious ? Fighting ? But I didn't hear anything on the news .
Oh , this is terrible , Yuri . Terrible ! So we can't even assess the damages . How can we do business in this country ? Either we're buried under mud , or we're in danger of getting kidnapped.No , I can't believe this mess !
Would you like chicken or beef ?
Here you are .
Your dog is really cute . What's his name ?
What kind of dog is he ?
Well , he sure likes to run around a lot . Is he well behaved ?
That sounds like my cat . She likes to scratch the couch with her claws .
About a year ago actually . You've probably never seen her though .
She's not a house-cat . She stays outside most of the time .
You are seemingly upset . What's behind you ?
That's not as complicated as you suppose .
It is known that there is a time limit for trademarks . And we should not have a similar trademark with the one in the same field .
Correct . And our country follows the priority of use principle .
Hello sir , how can I help you ?
Let ’ s see . Okay , so 50 mg of Prozac , would you prefer this in capsule or tablet ?
Okay , you should take 1 capsule 3 times a day . Be sure not to take it on an empty stomach , and also , don ’ t ever mix it with alcohol !
Okay , anything else I can get you ?
Sure . Darn condoms aren ’ t registered in our system .
Good coming , sir .
Would you mind moving to the middle of the bus ?
Where are you going ?
Don't worry . I'll let you know when we get there .
I will be accompanying you on your tour today to visit our company . This is the assembly line . These drawings on the wall are process sheets . They describe clearly how each process goes on to the next step .
About 200 . They can assemble at least 3,000 computers every day .
Yes , since I came to this company , I was told that high efficiency is essential for the further development .
Well , all products have to go through five checks in the whole process . We believe that the quality is the soul of an enterprise . There fore , we always put quality as the first consideration .
Good evening , sir . I think we have reservations . Have you fixed them ?
Sorry . What was that you said ?
Where ?
When , did you say ?
Who's coming ?
Sorry . I didn't quite catch what you said . There's a lot of noise outside .
We ’ re asking for donations today .
We ’ re trying to raise money for the campaigns .
As much as possible .
We are going door to door .
What else can we do ?
I didn ’ t think of that .
Oh . I just wanted you to shut up . You were off-key anyway . Let me see that !
What a cool see-through blue ! How do you wear this thing ?
May I serve your dishes now ?
With sugar ?
Excuse me . I bought this just now and here's a receipt . I'm afraid I was short-changed . Could you look into it ?
Excuse me.My bag was stolen.Will you help me ?
Just about half an hour ago .
Yes.It was just when I was walking in the park . I saw some children with a newspaper .
Do you eat a lot of fruit and vegetables in you country ?
I like them very much . We also eat a lot of vegetables in my country , buy we eat different kinds .
We eat a lot of sweet corn , broccoli and eggplant .
Why is it relatively expensive ?
I see . We grow a lot of fruit and vegetables in my country . We export a lot of melons , grapes , oranges and lemons . In your country , do you eat corn on the cob ? It's very popular in my country .
Do people usually buy frozen vegetables in your country , it ’ s very rare in mine .
Yes , sir ?
That's 68 pounds altogether , please .
What are the requirements that you need to do the job ?
I can handle that . I can operate word - processor , fax machine , photostat , and other office equipments .
Mark ? What were you up to yesterday ? I called you , but there wasn ’ t anybody home .
How ’ d it go ? Did we win ?
Do you mind if I ask you a question ? If it ’ s too personal you can forget it .
Have you got a scholarship , or are you on your own ?
I have a tuition scholarship from the university . Otherwise I ’ m on my own .
Oh no . My family supports me . And believe me , changing foreign money into dollars is heart-breaking . You seem to get so little in return .
I am so busy today .
I ’ m not sure . Perhaps you could do the shopping .
Or maybe make the beds .
Thanks . That ’ s terrific !
Excuse me , where are the canned goods ?
Thank you.And where can I buy some delicatessen ?
Alpha Beta Courier Service ? This is Louise Walker calling from The Marketing Company .
We need to deliver some documents to our Monroe street branch . Can you come by and pick them up ?
May I help you ?
I ’ m Smith , the manager of Human Resources Department . May I ask your name ?
Would you tell me what education background you have ?
Do you have any experience in this field ?
OK . Do you think you are proficient in both written and spoken English ?
OK . I will accept you for a three months-period of probation . Is this satisfactory ?
Welcome to our factory .
Actually , you'll know our products better after the visit . I'll show you around and explain the operations as we go along .
Maybe we could start with the Design Department . And then we could look at the production line .
About 10 % of the gross sales .
Are you here to make a deposit Mr Hayes ?
You want to withdraw on your Time Deposit , right ?
Of course , Mr Hayes . That's what I'm here for . What would you like to know ?
This bank charges you 6 months interest as a penalty if you withdraw before maturity . Would it be possible to take the money from your Current Account , for example ?
You would be using mainly English in this job . Do you think you can make yourself understood in English with ease ?
How many years have you been learning English ?
Well , perhaps that's the reason why you are so fluent in it .
Hi , I'm Benjamin . Nice to meet you here . You look great .
No , this is the second time . But I also feel bad because of the lower pressure and the jet lag .
Oh , that's too bad . Do you get a good knowledge of China ?
All of the Chinese are proud of the Great Wall . And it was built before the In dynasty near Shan Haiguan-the First Pass in the World .
No , before the In dynasty .
Both the green tea and the black tea are good for our health . And I usually refresh myself with a cup of tea .
Do you like the Chinese traditional silk ?
Go and pick some stuff up . The price can always surprise foreign friends .
Hi . What can I get for you ?
Good choice ! Our ground beef is extra lean , if you know what I mean .
No , no no no chicken breasts at the moment , but we have some nice chicken thighs .
Okay , is there anything else ?
Yes ! It ’ s very fine meat ! Made it myself ...
Wait ! We have T-bone , rib eye , and sirloin steaks . They are very fresh ! Just came from the slaughter house ...
I ’ m reporting from Channel 5 News .
I want to ask you a couple questions .
Have you voted yet ?
Who was your vote for President ?
Why can ’ t you tell me ?
I see .
Billy , you don ’ t look too well . Maybe you should take the day off school .
You ’ Ve god a fever and playing football isn ’ t a good idea for a boy with a fever . What ’ s that on your arm ?
It ’ s a rash . I ’ d better take you to see the doctor . How did you get that bruise on your leg ?
Does it hurt ?
Here . Put this wet towel on your face to keep your temperature down . I ’ ll take you to the doctor ’ s after breakfast .
It's time to graduate and it's time to find a job . Susan , why do we need to find a job ?
But you know it's hard for a new graduate to find a job right now .
I've been fed up with study .
Oh , my . Why there are still so many things to learn after graduation ?
Excuse me ? Can you do me a favor , please ?
I'm from England and I'm trying to make a travel plan for today .
I'm a flight attendant and I'm here on vacation .
I live in the Holiday Inn Lido Hotel .
Yes , it is . Do you know where I can get a town map ?
I called about that ad we saw in the paper .
That's the one .
You were right . It was from a headhunter . She wouldn't tell me anything without a contract .
No ! Not at all . But , I did find out they have more than one position with different clients , so at least one would probably work .
I'm going there tomorrow .
Did you get a chance to speak with the sellers about my counter-offer ?
Did they accept the counter-offer ?
How much will that cost ?
Can I choose the home inspector ?
So , when are you going to inform the owners of my acceptance ?
This is our rock - bottom price , Mr . Li . We can't make any further concessions .
What I mean is that we'll never be able to come down to your price . The gap is too great .
What is your proposal ?
Do you mean to suggest that we have to make a further reduction of 50 dollars in our price ? That's impossible .
The best we can do will be a reduction of another 30 dollars . That'll definitely be rock bottom .
You certainly have a way of talking me into it . All right , let's meet half way again .
Yes , there's one other point I wish to clear up .
My friends in business circles all seem to be of the opinion that the U . S . import and export corporations have become more flexible in doing business recently .
I'm glad to hear that . With a view to expanding and further enhancing the bilateral relations between our two parties , and in particular , exchanging timely views on specific problems in the execution and enforcement of contracts , is it possible for us to have a representative that could stay permanently in Washing - ton D . C . ?
Yes , of course . I'll call my home office tonight and let them know about it . When do we meet again ?
Good evening , may I help you ?
I am sorry , there are so many travelers that all our tables have been booked on that day .
Mr . Smith just called me back .
We got the contract !
What's wrong with you ?
I really recommend you go for a run in the morning .
On the contrary ! It really refreshes you and gets you ready to attack the day .
Yes , I often feel like a million dollars after work , like I can take on anything .
Welcome !
With ice , sir ?
Anything else , sir ?
Fruit juice , milk or mineral water ?
Hello , 35 ..
Speaking .
I am sorry . I am very tired . I'm going to bed early .
No , I ’ m sorry . I'm going to meet some friends tomorrow evening . And I'm in a hurry now .
How much do you have budgeted for our trip to Las Angeles ?
Yes , I want to know exactly where the money is going . Give me a detailed report .
Weren ’ t you able to find anything less expensive ? We're sharing rooms , right ?
So far we have $ 2,800 , what else ?
Well , that's only $ 4000 . Didn't you tell me your budget was $ 5000 ? Where is the rest of the money ?
Could you please stop flipping the channels ?
Good morning , room reservations . Can I help you ?
A single room from June 18th to 20th . Is that correct ?
OK . Do you need a limousine service ?
A hundred and eighty yuan for one way . We have a counter at the airport where our representative will lead you to the car .
Hello !
Sure , just a second . Who's calling ?
Gosh , another stop.It seems the cars ahead of us have to stop every two minutes , It's no quicker than a bus .
It was silly of me to have taken a taxi .
No , from New Zealand , sir . I visited New Zealand and saw lots of overseas people there .
I have never done this before and don ’ t know where to begin as far as making an offer on this house .
I absolutely must have this house and will pay three hundred and fifty thousand dollars or more .
I hope that the owners aren ’ t insulted by that offer .
Does it usually take very long for the owners to get back to you with an acceptance ?
Should I be in touch with my bank to tell them to get the loan papers ready ?
Is there a swimming pool in this hotel ?
What exactly does that mean ?
That sounds really neat . Is there an extra charge for these swim stations ?
Are the swim stations open 24 hours , like the rest of the gym ?
I'll go down there as soon as I can !
So that will be one teddy , two terry cloth robes , three pairs of satin slippers , and two pairs of pajamas .
Let me see ... yes , 15,880 NT . After the discount , your total comes to 12,704 NT . Here's your free teddy bear , free panties and your card application .
Right here . And write your address . You'll get the card in the mail within a week .
I know your friend will like the gift set , especially the teddy bear .
My name ’ s Terry Graham . You ’ re new around here , huh ?
Well , if there ’ s anything I can do for you , let me know .
Welcome back .
Why do you want to be a teacher ?
Do you know about our school ?
There's someone coming .
Yes , it's fast . But four minutes is enough to do fifty thousand dollars damage .
I wonder if anyone can call the Ridleys about this . Do you know them well ?
Do you know where they're vacationing ?
Yes , but at least this way no one gets hurt.It ' s better to have a fire in your house when you're not home . Don't you think ?
Can I help you ?
What style would you prefer ?
Do you like this one ?
What about this one ?
70 yuan .
This one is only 50 yuan .
All right .
Thank you . Anything else ?
Walter , did you email that document to Mr . Lin yesterday ?
That's strange . I have Mr . Lin on the phone right now , and he says that he didn't receive any email from us yesterday . Are you sure you sent it ?
Here is an invitation for you .
Tomorrow is the tooth anniversary of our company . Our general manager invites you to a dinner party . Do you think you can manage it ?
That is great . Dinner starts at 6
All right . Bye .
John Li's Office , this is Jenny , may I help you ?
Yes , but let me check if he's available .
your mp3 looks so cool . Where did you get it ?
really ? Do you often shop online ?
I've never tried E-shopping . Is it better than shopping at an actual store ?
sounds good , and I don't have to queue up at the cashier .
well , are there any other advantages ?
are there many choices of online shopping ?
I'll have a whole-wheat loaf , three white loaves , a baguette and ten rolls , please . How much is that ?
There you go .
I feel dizzy and I have a headache .
I enjoy the folk song and dance show very much .
I can't wait anymore . When does the performance start ?
( After the show ) It's an excellent musical . The acting was very expressive and the songs and dancing were superb .
What do you think of the leading actors ?
Are you OK ?
So I can say now that you must have enjoyed the opera . Which scene is your favorite ?
What's it about ? You know , I couldn't help falling asleep .
I guess I've done the same thing last time I was here with her , too . I mean falling asleep . For me , this one is not that attractive .
Yes . I like Carmen very much . But I don't mind if you want to tell me about this one .
Very impressive . And I do like the leading actress who has an amazing voice .
Yes , the applause ! That was what kept waking me up during the show .
No doubt , it's not a simple thing to put on a ' phantom show ' .
I need a taxi to the airport .
Traffic rules are different among countries .
People drive on the right in China .
Excuse me , would you tell me who that girl is ?
Would you love to introduce me to her ?
What can I do for you , sir ?
Fruit juice , cakes and refreshments , and everything .
Any cereal , sir ?
And eggs ?
How do you want your eggs ?
Anything more , sir ?
Excuse me , are you Mr Williams from America ?
I'm Li Ming from CITS . Glad to see you .
Good afternoon , doctor .
I'm an athlete for the Olympic Games here .
Let me have a look . You're very lucky because the cut is not deep .
Must I stop all my training ? Will I be able to attend the games ?
Don't do strenuous exercises until your wound is healed .
Hi Sam .
When did you buy your new computer ?
So what's the problem ?
Can I have a look ?
Oh this is the new little EEE notebook from Asks . How much did you pay ?
Very nice . I am sure we will sort out your Internet in no time .
I'm planning on going to the market soon .
I don't know what we need .
I'll make a list .
OK ! Do we need any meat ?
What else do we need ?
Is there anything else that we need ?
Are you being served , sir ?
Will you sit here , please ? How would you like it cut ?
But it's short already , sir .
Shall I just trim it ?
Oh , I see . You like the Chinese style , don't you ?
Would you like to have a shampoo , sir ?
How about oil or spray ?
There ! How is that ?
Hello . Do you like this jewelry ? I made most of these items myself .
My mother taught me some tricks of the trade . I've always loved jewelry .
I've been making these designs for over ten years . You can have a bracelet for ten dollars .
Excuse me , sir ?
I'm afraid you can't smoke here .
Can't you see the notice here ?
It says ' No smoking ' .
I called about that ad we saw in the paper .
That ’ s the one .
You were right , it was from a headhunter . He wouldn't tell me anything without a signed contract .
No ! Not at all . But I did find out they have more than one position with different clients , so at least one would probably work out .
I ’ m going there tomorrow .
And I think I'll look in on a few other Employment Agencies while I ’ m downtown , to see what they have .
Hello ! I'd like to get busy on my computer , but I need some broadband .
Uh-oh ! I can't use Ethernet . My computer is wireless only .
Any alternative that works will be great .
That sounds good . What's the charge ?
That sounds good . Now , how about the other alternatives ?
Use my laptop in the lobby ? That's great ! Now , if I need to print something there ?
I have to do some shopping .
I'm trying to buy a new bedroom set .
I'm not sure .
I have no idea where to find one .
I would appreciate that .
Is the furniture at IKEA cheap ?
Hello ! How do I get online with my laptop ?
Well , I see the cable . But my computer runs on wireless only .
Yes , I'd love to hear what the alternatives are .
Great ! But is it free ?
You said there were other alternatives ?
Okay . That sounds like a winner . Now if I need to print something in the lobby ?
Why have you decided to change jobs ?
Then , why do you want to work for our bank since it's a new establishment in Shanghai ?
It certainly is . But the work is also hard here . You need to put a lot of long hard hours on the job to succeed in this field .
Do you mind going on frequent business trips ?
One of my students told me she was very depressed today .
Her father is dying .
Yeah , she ’ s broken up about it , poor kid .
I talked to her for a while , but she ’ s really depressed . So , I made an appointment with the school counselor for her .
Yeah , that ’ s what I told her . I ’ m glad she ’ s reaching out for help , instead of trying to deal with this on her own .
I'm very annoyed at your disobedience .
You should have asked for my opinion before you did it .
Thank you for purchasing your new mattress with us .
Would you like us to deliver the mattress for you ?
When do you want it delivered ?
What time exactly ?
We can have it to you at that time .
We will deliver your mattress tomorrow at 12 o'clock .
Your silk garments have aroused much interest in our country ever since our first order was put on the market . We have no doubt we can do better this year if you appoint us your sales agent .
That's true . However at the Fair last March , people were so interested in Chinese garments that the demand this year will surely increase .
I'm sure it will , if we are appointed your agent . Your garments are attractive , and we , a well-established importer with multiple sales channels , can boost the sales .
Hey , don ’ t walk on the lawn .
You lost your wallet ? Anything important in it ?
Oh , I ’ m sorry to hear that . I think you ’ d better talk to the police officer walking there .
I'm so tired ! I don't know how I'm going to make it through this lecture .
I don't really like coffee , to be honest . It's too bitter for me .
most some drinks have too much sugar in them .
I like diet sprite . Does that have any caffeine in it ?
I don't care for coke . I heard that coke was first used as a medicine and I don't like medicine . What else has caffeine ?
maybe . How about a mochaccino ? Are they any good ?
that's perfect ! Would you like one , too ? My treat .
Hey , let ’ s go to the night market after work tonight .
Shall we share a taxi ?
I want to go back to my college on the Huanghe road . It is very close to your house .
That's the one .
Yeah . If we share the cab , it'll be cheaper . Besides that your Chinese is better than mine . The drivers usually have difficulty understanding me even though I practice my pronunciation carefully .
Did you go to the basketball game on Friday ?
You missed a really good game .
Our school did . They played really well .
Yeah , you should have . It was really exciting .
The score was 101-98 .
That's what made it so great .
Hello , BCD Company , can I help you ?
This is Mrs Smith , may I have your name ?
Hello , Mr . Sun .
You are welcome , Mr . Sun .
You certainly made a good impression on me , as well .
We'll be making the decision by the end of this week and we'll contact you as soon as possible .
Excuse me , miss . I don't think we need the MP4 any more . We would like to refund it .
Here you are .
Why aren't you doing your homework ?
Oh , is it ? You'll be making records next , will you ?
You'd better get on with your homework ! You can practice on Sunday .
I certainly could.You ' ll get exams next month .
Oh , don't you ? God save me !
Good morning . What seems to be the problem ?
I ’ d say you ’ Ve been working too hard or are under stress for some reason . Have you been taking anything for your cold ?
Good . I ’ m going to prescribe something stronger . It will make you feel drowsy , so you certainly should rest .
Have you been working hard recently ?
Good . Let ’ s take a look at that rash ... it looks worse than it is . I ’ m going to prescribe some ointment for it . If the rash doesn ’ t clear up in a few days , come back and see me . Do you have any other symptoms ?
Don ’ t worry about that . It ’ s probably of the stress you ’ Ve been under . Just take some aspirin . Combined with the stronger cough medicine , it will make you feel very tired . You shouldn ’ t work or use any equipment which requires concentration . If I were you , I ’ d just sleep , read a book , or watch TV . Here is your prescription .
I need to get my internet fixed .
It won't connect .
This problem has been happening for a few days now .
It just won't connect to a webpage , but it will pop up .
I'm going to need someone to come and fix it for me .
How long will it take for them to get here ?
That was delicious .
What are my choices for lunch ?
Fish with noodles , please .
Excuse me , sir . Is this a duty-free shop ?
Well , I am afraid I don't bring my passport with me today . Can you save it for us until tomorrow ?
Hi , I'm John Sandals , and I have a reservation .
Here you go .
Certainly ! Would you like my American Express card ?
I thought American Express was accepted everywhere . Never mind . Here's my VISA .
Yes , that's just fine .
I need a pan .
Well , the bigger the better , I think .
Yes , that is big enough , but it's too heavy for me .
Oh , this is nice and light . But it has an aluminum handle .
Oh , yes . This is very nice . I'll take this one .
Cash . Oh , I almost forgot . I need a lid , too .
Good evening , Yanking Restaurant .
Certainly , sir . For how many people , please ?
Of course . May I have your name , please ?
Can you spell that , please ?
Hello , Frank .
Not too much . I'm looking to rent an apartment .
I dislike my roommate . He really turns me off .
No . He likes to leave his things about and never cleans the room .
Yes . But he doesn't care . I really wouldn't want to move , but I simply can ’ t stand him .
Good morning , sir . Can I see your boarding pass , please ?
Excuse me , sir . This is your passport .
Yes . As a matter of fact , you can't board the plane without boarding pass .
I'm sorry sir . I can't let you pass .
Ugh , in about thirty minutes , sir .
Calm down , sir . You are creating a commotion .
Could be .
Madam , I made a close study of the draft contract yesterday evening . I think there are something needs to modify .
First , about the terms of payment . Your draft contract says that payment is to be made by D \ A . This is not our practice . We prefer to have the payment made by L \ C through a negotiating bank in America .
The second thing I would like to point out , that is packaging . It's stipulated in the contract that all the computer parts should be packed in cardboard boxes . But I think the wooden cases are much safer .
As far as the contract stipulations are concerned , there is nothing more . Thank you very much .
Can you shorten this pipe for me ? It's too long .
Can you take 15 mm of it ?
What kinds of things do you like to do ?
I didn't know you knew how to draw and paint .
How long have you known how to do that ?
Did you take some sort of art class or something ?
You have got to be talented .
If only I was talented .
Where do you come from ?
What's the climate like in your country ?
Which seasons do you like best ?
Most people in Montreal speak French .
I had fun talking to you .
I think we should really do something sometime .
What do you want to do next time ?
Yeah , let's do that .
I'll call you so we can set that up .
All right , see you .
Good evening . Where have you come from ?
May I have your passport and form I - 94 , please ?
What's the nature of your visit ? Business or pleasure ?
How long are you going to stay in the United States ?
What is your occupation ?
Do you have a return ticket ?
That's fine . Thanks . Enjoy your trip .
Where to , ma'am ?
The Grand Hotel ?
No , Madam . I don't think I do .
Have you found another job yet , Sally ?
What kind of job are you looking for ?
You haven't had any experience in either of those fields .
Excuse me . Do you mind if I ask some things about work for this company ?
I've heard that the company is very strict with its staff . Is that true ?
If you make mistakes in your job , you'll be fired . Is that right ?
Working here involves a busy schedule and overtime . Is that true ?
What wrong with you ? You look pale ?
When did the trouble start ?
It sounds like you ’ re coming down with the flu . Let me take your temperature .
Yes . Thirty-eight point seven . Do you have a headache , chestache or throat pain ?
Now , Let me have a look at you . I ’ d like to listen to your chest . Breathe then , deep breath , that ’ s it . Cough , now again . I want to exam your throat too . Open wide , say A .
Yes , It does look a bit sore.Let ’ s take your extra way of your chest and give you a few tests .
The tests showed nothing wrong . a slight by infection .
It's time to graduate and it's time to find a job . Susan , why do we need to find a job ?
But you know it's hard for a new graduate to find a god job right now .
I've been fed up with study .
Oh , my . Why there are still so many things to learn after graduation ?
How many ports do we call at on our passage ?
The ship is going very fast .
You look pale . Are you seasick ?
I have some tablets for seasickness .
You have been so busy these months . What are you up to ?
What'll it be today , sir ?
Shall we check your oil and tires ?
( The attendants fill the tank , clean the windscreen , and add some air to the tires . ) All right , sir , that'll be $ 26.50 .
Have you got some nice apples in stock today ?
Are they sweet ?
How much are they ?
All right , I'll have a dozen of the dollar ones .
Do you have any tangerines ? I'd like to have two kilograms .
How much is it in all ?
What kind of life do you prefer , city life or country life ?
But it doesn't have all the modern convenience offered by the city .
What do you think about our company ?
Why do you think so ?
In what business are you most interested in this organization ?
Excuse me , do you have any English songs ?
Great , thanks .
Hi , I have a reservation under the name of Sandals .
Of course ! Let me take it out of my wallet .
Yes , of course . Is American Express okay ?
In that case , here's my VISA .
Yes , I'm easy to please .
Can I help you , Miss ?
What is your skin type ?
This nutrition cream is for anti-wrinkling and whitening which is a newcomer brand .
$ 60.The price is reasonable for its large quantity . What's more , there are some gifts attaching for you .
You can take one tonic or hand cream .
No problem . You can try this kind of gel which can prevent freckle , the effect will be better if you use this powder foundation applied with it .
Is there any meat ?
Is it chicken ?
Is it ready to eat ?
May I help you ?
Sure . How do you like your money ?
No problem . Here you are .
May I know the definite date of delivery ?
Is there any possibility for you to ensure prompt shipment ?
Good morning , Sir .
Is this where I catch the bus for the zoo ?
That ’ s a little troublesome .
Maybe that ’ s what I'll do . Thanks a lot .
We agree to give you a break on the price , all together a discount of 6 % . Good news is , I talked to my boss , he confirmed that if you take care of the shipping costs , we'll throw in insurance .
Now , all this is available to you , as far as you make payment within a 30 day grace period . That shouldn't be a problem , right ?
So , if all this is agreeable to you , I'll put it all down on paper and fax a contract to you this afternoon . If you can get a signed version of the contract we've agreed upon back to me by tomorrow morning , we can go ahead and make arrangements to ship the product on Tuesday .
Have you been to the Queen Street West ?
Welcome to Jinyuan Shoe Town . What can I do for you ?
White ? What make do you want ? Arid what size ?
Adidas ? They wear well . Try this pair , Size 38 , please .
Okay . What about this one ?
You are so lucky . They are on sale today . It costs only 250 yuan . Pay at the counter over there .
R :: Good morning . Room Reservations . May I help you ?
R :: Thank you , sir . For which date and how many guests will there be in your party ?
R :: From April 16th to 20th.And which kind of room would you prefer , sir ?
Could you hold the line please ? I ’ ll check our room availability . ( After a while ) Thank you for waiting , sir . We have a twin room at US $ 180 per night , will that be all right ?
Thank you , sir . May I have your name and phone number , please ?
R :: Mr . Aaron Johnson , phone number is 3242-5827 . Excuse me , how do you spell your first name ?
Double A , R , O , N . Thank you , Mr . Johnson . May I know your arrival time on April 16th ?
Mr . Johnson , for the unguaranteed reservation , we can only hold the room by 6 p . m . , because it is the peak season now . If you make a guaranteed reservation , we can hold the room overnight . Would you like to make a guaranteed reservation by credit card ?
Yes . May I know the number ?
Where do you want to go this weekend ?
Do you want to take the jet ski ?
Oh , that's right . Renting is good !
Okay , you call them .
Good afternoon , Chloe , I ’ m Doctor Evans.What seems to be the problem ?
Ah I see , yes you do sound rather croaky . Well let ’ s have a look , shall we ? Could you please open your mouth and say ” ah ” .
Good , yes , your tonsils are a little swollen and red . How are your ears , blocked at all ?
Ok Chloe , can you please breathe in and out slowly for me while I listen to your chest ? You really are all bunged up , you don ’ t sound too good at all . Ok , I ’ m going to set you up with a bunch of antibiotics . You will need to take these orange pills twice a day and these blue pills every evening . You will also have to take this cough medicine three times a day after meals . Finally , I am giving you an inhaler to use every time you feel breathless . . . just to clear up your lungs !
Absolutely not ! You are highly contagious ! You don ’ t want to infect the rest of your co-workers do you ? I recommend staying in bed for at least three days and drinking plenty of fluids so you don ’ t get weak and dehydrated . You can catch up on all the latest TV shows and movies !
Ha-ha , sure not a problem ! Here you are.Now off you go and away to bed . If you have any questions just give me a call ! Feel better soon and take care .
What schools have you attended ?
How do you think the education you have received will contribute to your work in this company ?
Your graduation thesis was on Medical Application of Laser , right ? What were your conclusions ?
How much are you planning to buy ?
Cool ! Can I come ?
But not enough space for me ?
Excuse me . May I have a bus map , please ?
Yes , within New York .
But you should be considerate to the kids , it ’ s their nature to play .
Excuse me , Mr . Graham ? I have something I need to discuss with you .
I would really appreciate it if we could talk for a few minutes now . It ’ s about the overtime you ’ Ve asked me to put in .
Watch out !
Here is the final draft of our contract . I'm glad that we have reached an agreement on almost every term in our trade .
Do you have some points to bring up ?
Yes , including a description of the shirts you want to purchase this time , the total amount of your order , the price for each piece , mode of payment , packaging , shipping time , insurance and compensation , claim and arbitration , and rights and duties for both sides . Are all the terms here satisfactory ?
In order to extend our export business to your country , we wish to enter into direct business relations with you .
I can't stand the stupid guy any longer . It's unbelievable .
He does everything so mindlessly that he is going to drive me crazy .
I've told him how to do that several times , but he's never listened to me .
Oh , I always have difficulty in getting along with the staff .
Oh , so bad . I'm afraid I'll change the image of myself .
But sometimes they offer some useless proposals , it's awfully useless .
That's right . I should speak to them in a polite way .
Thanks very much and you're very eloquent .
Hello . What can I do for you today ?
Really ? Have you checked everything carefully ?
Ah , I see . The goods description is totally different from what you are expecting , right ?
Usually , if the problem is insignificant I advise the customer to go ahead ; it's normally a translation problem or something like that . But this does seem a little more serious . I suggest you get back on to them right now and ask them about it . Hopefully you can sort it out over the phone .
How much is this ?
The large one .
Is this the only kind you have ?
Oh , yes . I think I'll look at those over there before I decide .
you're finally here ! What took so long ?
it's always rather congested down there during rush hour . Maybe you should try to find a different route to get home .
perhaps it would be better if you started taking public transport system to work .
it would be better for the environment , too .
taking the subway would be a lot less stressful than driving as well .
well , when it's nicer outside , you can start biking to work . That will give you just as much freedom as your car usually provides .
so , are you going to quit driving to work then ?
May I show you to your room ?
Here , let me help you with your bags .
Good morning . Venus Real Estate Agency .
Do you have any particular type of apartment in mind ?
Are you renting it alone or with company ?
A one-bedroom apartment has one bedroom , a living room , a kitchen and a bathroom .
No , but a fridge and a stove .
Yes , it ’ s a one-year lease . And $ 200 a week with one month refundable deposit .
Would Friday morning be alright ?
Operator .
I'll be happy to try .
May I have your name and room number , please ?
I'd like to have steak and a beer .
May I have a reservation ?
I've got three guests today . We'd like a table next to the window .
I'm Chen Liang .
We may come at 6:30 p . m .
Henry , do you know how much we spent this month ?
we've spent $ 1,000 .
What kind of qualities should a secretary have ?
I am diligent and hard-working . Besides , I am good at both English and Italian .
When will we leave here ?
Thank you for bringing me here Hong , this place looks great !
Let me see . How about the lotus root ?
Oh , yes that would be nice .
Actually , I ’ m vegetarian so I ’ d like to have the bean curd .
Excuse me , you look lost . Can I help you ?
Right . Let me see . You go straight down here and turn right .
Then take the next left then the next right . Are you with me ?
Have you had any experience with sales work ?
What exactly did you do at that company ?
Did you like your work ?
But when and why did you leave the company ?
I see . Why did you choose our company ?
Aunt Cindy , do you shop online often ?
Last week , I tried to buy some books online , but I didn't know how to pay for them ?
Are there many things online ?
Oh , what's this ? Second-hand cellphone store ?
Really ? How to do that ?
That's amazing . I'd love to try it later . Oh , an on-line virtual supermarket ?
Oh , I got it . It simulates the real supermarket , which makes it feel so real . Mom will love it . She loves shopping in supermarkets .
Are there any disadvantages about it ?
Are you ready to move ?
Yes , but there is a chance that might be suitable for you .
I can't say , but let me make a call and see if I can help .
This apartment is wonderful .
How much would I have to pay for rent ?
That ’ s way too much money .
How about if I pay $ 850 ?
I can ’ t go any higher than $ 850 .
You can ’ t go any lower than that ?
Good.Now what kind of job do you want ? Mr.Wilson ?
Well , I know Brown's Biscuit Factory are looking for a porter.They pay $ 200 a week .
What do you think are the main causes of war today ?
It seems that a lot of wars nowadays are really civil wars . People from different ethnic groups in the same country sometimes fight for power in that country .
How do you think they could be ended ?
So , if the cause is poverty , there should be a programme to make the country richer . If the problem is resources , share them .
Yes . It is . One way to stop countries fighting is to cut off their financial support . Wars are very expensive .
Hello , it's nice to meet you .
You're welcome .
Is there a problem ?
That's great news .
She isn't messing up in class ?
Well , I'm so glad to hear that she's doing well .
Can you pass me the lighter ?
Look ! Allen has the mike !
That was before he heard Stanley sing ! I guess he couldn't stand it anymore , so he decided to give it a try himself ! Allen has a really good voice ! He sounds like Enrique Iglesias !
Do you have anything to declare ?
Are these all your personal things ?
Please open the black case .
I think this suit displays your nice finger .
No problem .
Hi , boss . You have a call .
I know . But she said she had an important thing to tell you .
I'm sorry to make you wait . What did you decide ?
Trust me , it's worth it . With the " Love , Amy Card " , you'll get a 20 percent discount on everything in the store , every time you shop !
Yes ! And there are more bargains . See these pajamas ? If you buy a pair now , you get this teddy bear as a gift !
May I borrow your typewriter ?
Until the end of the week .
So Vicky , how long have you held your present position ?
And how do you like working for IBM ?
What ’ s strength do you bring to the job ?
Hello . This is Hamilton ’ s Heating and cooling service . Can I help you ?
What ’ s the problem ?
Maybe the compressor is going bad .
Sure . But there is a minimum charge of $ 60 for a service visit . If your freezer needs parts , there will be an additional charge .
All right . let me check our technician ’ s schedules . I ’ ll call you back and let you know what time we can send a service technician to your house . What is your phone number ?
Okay . I ’ ll call you right back .
Excuse me , do the buses stop here ?
I want to go to Broadway and 82nd Street . Can I take any bus that comes along ?
How often do the buses run ?
Fine.How long does it take to get to 82nd Street ?
Yes , I am . I arrived only three days ago from Japan .
I like it very much , but it's a little confusing to me .
Thank you for the information .
I ’ Ve decided to grow my own garden !
On the contrary , I have been reading a lot of books about the subject .
Well , first I need to buy some things , such as fertilizer , seeds and tools .
You know , the basics . A rake , shovel , spade and a hoe .
I ’ ll till the soil and then sow the seeds . I ’ ll then add some fertilizer and voila ! Gardening all done !
Have you seen Bill recently ?
Daisy ’ s in hospital too . She god food poisoning last week . She thinks she got it from some bad seafood .
He ’ s fine , but he had a fever last week . He probably just had a cold .
I see . My niece just flew back from Australia to visit . She ’ s got jetlag now . she ’ s just resting today , but we ’ ll probably go out somewhere tomorrow .
Oh , your hand is still sore . You should put some ointment on it to stop the swelling .
What do you feel your greatest achievement has been at your current job ?
That certainly is quite an accomplishment .
What's your sales record been like there ?
If things are going so well , why do you want to leave the firm now ?
Hi dude , you look upset , what's up ?
What's the problem ?
Well , you can simply tell them you want to sleep , or make an agreement for a time when the room should quiet down .
I understand . I used to live in a dorm with four people . I was great in some aspects . We always went out and and had fun together . But on the other hand , when I wanted some quiet time , and people kept talking and laughing aloud , it was torturous . For me a room to myself , even a small one , is ideal . Though I don't mind sharing an apartment with somebody .
Welcome to our factory . My name is Tiang Had and I'll show you around here.First we'll take a look at the workshop which produces food thermometers . Please , this way .
Yes , it has .
This is a circuit board .
No , they are from other factories .
After you've thought it over , get back to me and we can go ahead .
It is higher than the rate of interest for Current Deposits and a little lower than the rate for the 6 - month time deposits .
First of all , you need to sign a Corporate Agreement Savings Contract with us . This means we can go ahead and open an account of agreement savings based on your settlement account .
I'm really sorry , but I seem to have misplaced your towel .
I'm very sorry . Can I get you another one ?
You're here today to argue your ticket ?
Plead your case .
Were you speeding when you got pulled over ?
How fast were you going ?
Well , seeing as the officer that pulled you over isn't here , I'll let you go .
No , you don't .
Okay Rebecca , well I think you ’ Ve given me a clear impression of your positive qualities , but let ’ s talk a little bit about your weaknesses .
Definitely , but if you had to pinpoint one weakness what would it be ?
So would you say if things don ’ t go your way at work it could easily get you down ?
Well , you know journalism is a highly competitive world , so you do need to keep pushing yourself it ’ s true . Okay , well let ’ s move on to talk about the job position here , shall we ?
How many people are in your family ?
I have one daughter and one son . Then there ’ s my husband and I . What about your parents ? Do they live with your family ?
My parents live by themselves now . When they get older , they ’ ll probably go to a retirement home . Do you just have one brother ?
I also grew up in a big family . I have one older brother and three younger sisters .
About seven years now . and you ?
It ’ s becoming more and more common . However , I don ’ t ever want to get divorced myself ! What about you ?
If that happens , maybe you could marry my brother and we could become in-laws !
I definitely want to meet with you , Mr . Parker . I just need to sort out my schedule .
I realize that . We don ’ t have any time to waste . I can put you down for 9:20 . Could you make that , Mr . Parker ?
What's the matter , sir ? You look pale .
Are you often traveling by plane ?
That's right . It's normal if you don't often take the plane . Just relax a little bit .
Don't worry , sir . It's just because of the lower pressure .
You may feel much better if you chew some gum or peanuts .
Are you feeling better now ? Do you need some pills ?
So , you'd better wear this eyeshade and you will sleep well .
If you try to adapt yourself to your destination's local time , you'll feel more comfortable . So please try to sleep , and have meals according to Los Angeles's time .
Did you hear that they are going to start an exercise class after work ?
Next month . I think . Are you going to sign up ?
This visit is over for me . Here's your room key .
And thanks to you .
I'd be willing to try this hotel again , if you can promise me no more cockroaches .
Hi I came in on flight 513 . Everyone else took their luggage off the conveyor belt , but mine didn ’ t seem to be there .
You ’ re kidding . What am I going to do ?
You can reach me at 13661306917 .
That ’ s ok . There wasn ’ t anything important in there anyway . The shaving kit more than makes up for my lost luggage .
Come again ? What are you talking about ? Aren't we on the same team now ?
What do you mean ? You didn't ? Oh , no ... No !
But how ? So you knew all along I was with WebTracker ? How did you know ?
Have you find any job that you are interested in ?
There ’ s not a very high demand for that kind of job , isn ’ t there ?
That ’ s a good idea . You have plenty of experience in marketing , don ’ t you ?
By the way , I saw a job in the paper this morning that you might be interested in .
It is a job at an advertisement company .
Hi , Bob , what time will you be home tonight ?
Why ? What's the problem ?
Thank you for your application , Mr . Sweeney . Mr . Jacobs would like to set up an interview for early next week . Do you have time ?
Fine . Let me take a look at his schedule . He ’ s free on Tuesday afternoon at 1:30 . Could you come in then ?
Hello , I would like to make an appointment to look at houses .
I would prefer mornings .
Going to look at houses during the week is best for me .
I will meet you at the real estate office .
That sounds good to me .
Something ’ s burning ?
Mm , I love burnt bread .
But I prefer burnt bread .
Wonderful ! A perfect piece of bread !
I am looking for a blouse . Can you show me the way , please ?
I have no idea . Could you recommend me one ?
Is there a train leaving for Philadelphia ?
May I buy a ticket here at the station ?
Where ?
I'd like a refund on this sweater .
Oh , here you are .
What kind of job are you interested in ?
I really appreciate that I would expect my secretary to be able to work independently and take over some of my ordinary responsibilities , such as answering routine correspondence , taking phone calls for me and sometimes assisting me with personal affairs .
Have you had any experience as a guide ?
Once in a while we have visitors from abroad and I would like to be able to ask my secretary to take them shopping and sightseeing .
Hi , Bill . It's Marsha Black at MPPD Ltd . How are you ?
Not too bad at all . Do you have a minute ?
We're getting ready to place our Christmas orders and we need to know about how much it's going to run this year.You know , so we can have the funds put aside .
Right , a ballpark figure is fine , and slant it a little high if you have to .
It's going to be shown to the Board so I need it in writing.Make all the prices subject to confirmation so you can't be held to them . How soon can I have it ?
Yeah , I'm afraid so . I really need your help here .
I played the video game at Mike's home yesterday .
It's really fantastic . The hero , Super Warrior , is so brave that he can defeat any enemies he meets . He runs through tunnels , swims under water , and climbs over bridges . It's really exciting !
I borrowed it from Mike yesterday . Why not have a try ?
Oh , this is Monica
Yes . Let's first define the inspection right .
Would you tell me how the inspection is conducted before shipment and by which agency ?
And can you tell me about the re-inspection ?
I see . How do they make testing and analysis of this item ?
What if the results from the two inspections do not coincide with each other ?
Do you often buy magazines ?
Why don ’ t you find the information on the internet instead ?
Do you have an online edition of that magazine ?
Do you have a subscription ?
Can I help you ?
Ten Yuan .
One Yuan .
And here's your change . Please check if it is correct .
Welcome to come again .
Let ’ s play a little game . I ’ ll describe someone and you try to guess who it is .
Ok . This man is tall and slim . He ’ s got blue eyes and curly brown hair .
Good question . Yes , he has a moustache , but no beard .
Yes , it is . You describe someone we both know .
Is she attractive ? I don ’ t think I know anyone like that .
I like slim girls , so I doubt I would find a plump girl attractive . You ’ ll have to give me some more information .
This doesn ’ t sound like anyone I know . I give up . Teel me who she is .
How embarrassing ! I don ’ t even recognize a description of my own mother ! How important do you think appearance is ?
I ’ m afraid you ’ re right . I chose my girlfriend because she has a wonderful personality .
Mark , you are not telling me the truth . Now why ?
Yes , all right . So why ? Go on then . Say it . Oh , really , Mark . I promise I'm not going to be angry . Now why were you late ?
You forgot ? You ...
Excuse me , I got a parcel arrival notice yesterday .
Here you are .
I put in two quarters for a coke , but nothing came out of the machine .
I'm sure it's broken .
What can I help you with today ?
Will that be cash or check ?
Could you sign the back of the check , please ?
Would you like any cash back ?
How much would you like ?
Here is your $ 150 .
Tu Mao , I'm hungry , let's get something to eat .
There's a Kentucky's not far ahead and there's a McDonald's in down street .
Don't you know about Kentucky's ?
They sell pieces of fried chicken , you've got to try one this time .
I really hope to reach an agreement with you today that is suitable and beneficial for us both . I've thought through a lot of these details , and I hope we can have a chance to discuss them and resolve any differences this afternoon .
Firstly , we'd like to discuss a discounted price . If you can give us a discount of 7 % on the high volumes orders , we can pay in 60 days .
Well , that might be acceptable , if you handle the insurance fees .
We cover the insurance and half the transport fee , and only have a discount of 4 % .
Doctor Ruth's office , may I help you ?
Let's see , Mr . Horn ... The doctor's schedule is full today . Would tomorrow be all right ?
Would you prefer to come in in the morning or the afternoon ?
The doctor has an opening at 10:30 tomorrow . I'll put you down for then .
The new year is coming . Is the final examination approaching .
How are you getting along with your studies ?
Hey daddy ! You look great today . I like your tie ! By the way , I was wondering can I ...
I haven't even told you what it is yet !
Do you think I could borrow the car ? I ’ m going to a concert tonight .
Egg ! I told you about it last week ! Smelly Toes is playing , and Eric asked if I would go with him !
Duh ! He's like the hottest and most popular guy at school ! Come on , dad ! Please !
Fine then ! Would you mind giving me 100 bucks ?
What's wrong with you ?
Don't worry . I'll write you a prescription for a new medicine that works wonders .
When it comes to select a fund , you will always read Past performance is not an indication of future results , can you believe that ?
If you refuse to take risk , you can ’ t have better returns .
Mr . Zhang , are you still there ?
Can she call you back ? She is about to start a meeting .
Hi , Alan . I feel very nervous because I am going to have a job interview next Monday . Could you please give me some suggestions ?
Yeah , that is very important .
I will try my best to make a good impression , but it is always easier said that done .
Can I wear T-shirt and jeans for the job interview ?
OK , Mr . Wang . Thank you very much for coming to the airport to see us off . Your great country and your hospitality have left a very deep impression on all of us and your working attitude and your way of doing business have changed my opinions about Chinese people .
That's true . And this trip has been a very productive one for us .
Believe me , Mr . Wang . I'll do my best to promote the transaction .
It ’ s very kind of you to say so .
I think we will have opportunities to meet each other in the future .
Fine . Thank you very much . Bye-bye .
Did you enjoy your meal ?
May I interest you in some dessert ?
Well , we have chocolate mousse cake , homemade fresh strawberry shortcake , and a spicy rum apple crisp for our specials .
Since there are four of you , would you like to split a second dessert ?
Would you like coffee or tea with your dessert ?
OK . I will be right back with your desserts and drinks .
I come home for lunch .
Only 1 hour .
Hi , I'd like two tickets to Providence , please .
What time does the next train leave ?
Ok , could you give me two tickets for that ?
Thank you very much for telling me all these things about the college .
It's my greatest pleasure to have met you.See you around .
Room service.May I come in ?
Here is your laundry . I am sorry to tell you that one of your clothes has shrunk due to our fault .
We are terribly sorry for that.Could you please buy a new one and give us the receipt ? We will refund the cost of the laundry and the new sweater .
But it's the White House . The president and his family live there.They won't let us see most of it . Probably we can only see a couple of rooms .
Hmm . If that's true , then the security there must be very good.Because it's strange to think they will let people walk around in the White House .
So I can't take my gun then .
Yes , it's true I don't .
What ? Do you think someone will arrest me for making a joke ? Someone will arrest me here at the breakfast table ?
I'll be careful . Don't worry . I don't want to get arrested by the FBI.But how long does the White House tour last ?
Alright . We should take a taxi over there right after breakfast .
That's a good idea . Do you want some more coffee ?
I really want to go to China for vacation , but I can't find a cheap plane ticket .
No , not yet . Can you find a good price there ?
Well , you don't have to be mean . How do I do it ?
Ok , thanks . I'll let you know what I find .
You two are so health-conscious !
Why not ! Before you know it , I'll be heading off to the mountains to stand on my head !
Thanks for the carrot juice , Mrs . Schmidt . I've got to run to class !
I'd like to rent a car for several days .
Well , what kinds do you have ?
Could I have a word with you , Madam ?
I have to tell you that I can't be in today and tomorrow .
I feel sick and coughed a lot at night .
Yes , I did this in the morning . And my doctor wanted me to have a rest these two days .
I hope so . And I will definitely tell you if I can not .
You voted , right ?
Who did you vote for ?
Can you believe that he actually won ?
I didn ’ t think he would .
I figured people wouldn ’ t vote for him because he ’ s African American .
You ’ re absolutely right .
Do you drive a car yourself ?
Great ! When you become new driver , you are better drive as carefully as possible !
Besides , traffic signal in downtown area are very annoying , are they ?
Now , we are out of the town , you can drive freely !
Why not ?
Yes , We are going to across real road .
What other signs what we see in road area like this ?
Hello.Is this ABC Rent-a-car Company ?
This morning we rented a car and we are on the way to Niagara Falls . I'm afraid we have a car accident near the border .
I'm all right , but my friend is seriously injured.Will you call an ambulance and the police ?
Good morning . I ’ m Liu Yi , from China XYZ Company . We have an appointment with Mr . Thomas .
Thank you .
Should each of us write separately ?
I need to get on another bus , but I have no more money .
I spent it on a bag of chips .
You don't have any spare change ?
How am I going to get home ?
How much does that cost ?
Thanks for letting me know .
I haven't received my credit card bill yet .
My Master Card .
I never got it .
What am I going to do since I haven't received the bill ?
Can I get an extension on my bill if it does happen to be the post office's fault ?
Thanks for everything .
Mr . Mass , here is a gift for you .
It's a souvenir I bought for you from Rome .
I'm glad you like it .
I was wondering if you could go over the services available at EDD to help me get a job .
Do I have to have a computer at home ?
Do you have any other services available ?
What kinds of workshops are available at the EDD ?
Are there other places , outside of EDD , that I may look for work ?
Good morning , sir , can I help you ?
I'd be glad to , sir . But may I ask what line of business you are in ?
I see . Would you be interested in seeing the audio-visual products ? They are made by our company .
Yes , of course . Would you like to make an inspection tour of some factories ?
I'll make the arrangement and let you know the time tomorrow .
Hi , I ’ m Cindy , the office clerk . What can I do for you ?
Hi Henry . How are you ? Is everything Okay in your apartment ?
Yes , please .
Yes , it ’ s L8V 4B7 .
I ’ ll tell Peter to bring your key to your apartment right away .
He ’ s the superintendent of this building .
No problem . Go ahead , please .
The Department of Motor Vehicles office is at 212 Barton Street North .
We are at 2368 King Street East .
So , it ’ s easy to get to the office from here . From your apartment , just drive along King Street East for about one kilometer and you ’ ll see a three-story blue building on your right . That ’ s the Department of Motor Vehicles building where you can change your driver ’ s license .
It ’ s on the first floor .
Hello , sir . How many in your party ?
OK , a single fare is $ 50 per right .
No , it's not necessary . But you have to fill out this form .
Have you decided on something ?
Sure . Anything else ?
How could we advertise our celebrations to mark the centenary of the founding of the university ?
That ’ s a good idea . We could put up some posters in and around the campus with a list of events . It would be quite cheap to do on the campus .
We could contact alumni who work for large , well-know companies . They might be able to arrange cheap advertising in exchange for some free tickets .
We should put some information about it on the home page of our university website . When people visit the website , they ’ ll see the information .
Hello , May I speak to Mary , please ?
Hi Mary , This is Tom .
Just fine . I see . Aren ’ t you busying tomorrow evening ?
Well , why not dine out together and go to the moves .
Ok . I ‘ l l pick you up at 6 o ’ clock .
Excuse me , would you get me some paper napkins ?
Could you recommend some dessert ?
Don't you have cheese ?
So you've been attending night classes for a while now . Do you feel it's helping you ?
Really ? That's great that you found a school that puts your need first .
That's great . They must really be committed to staff development .
So , you know how to drive , right ?
Do you think you can teach me ?
I have it already .
I've only done it once .
Yes , I am aware of them .
Whenever you have time .
Yo , G.How are you getting along with your classmates in the English training school ?
The boat is ready to leave.Everyone come onto the ship , please .
Can I see your ticket ?
Your seat is in cabin No . 5 , the upper deck . It ’ s near amid ship .
There ! ( Point out the direction . ) You can see a window there .
Would you please wrap the shoes first ? I would like to buy a sweater .
How much does the green one cost ?
I haven't got enough for prosecuting him .
I'm just thinking about that , but the trouble is , I don't know who is well in the know .
OK darling , got some pizzas , potato chips , hot dogs and lots of cheese !
Humph ! Right , so what did you get ?
Organic ? What ’ s organic ? Do we need organic carrots ... ?
Oh , so organic vegetables are the green option , right ?
Wait a minute , that ? ... Doughnuts ? They organic doughnuts , Kelly ?
Is there a bus that'll go all the way to Sons from PHS ?
The Sons on Fair Oaks and Orange Grove .
Which buses will I have to take ?
Then what do I do ?
What's next ?
There's nothing else ?
I will have sole then .
The rest of us will have this today's special , please .
I am sorry but I ordered sole not the same as the others . Will you change it ?
Then I'll have the pork cutlet instead .
What's the latest fashion of evening gown ?
I would like to try on one in violet .
Linda , this is Todd calling .
Linda , I wanted to tell you how much I enjoyed our time together last Friday night .
I had a great time too and was thinking that maybe you might want to join me for a hike to the waterfalls on Saturday .
Linda , that would be a perfect addition .
I was hoping to leave by 9 o'clock so that it won \ ' t be too hot for the hike .
Cindy ! Are you getting take-out ?
Yeah , thanks . Could you pick me up a chicken salad sandwich , an order of fries , and a large diet coke ?
Excuse me , miss . Could I have something to drink , please ?
Is it possible to get a beer ?
This looks like a nice restaurant .
Let's sit over there .
Can you pass me a menu please .
I'm going to have a glass of beer . How about you ?
Do you want to order an appetizer first ?
OK . What are you going to have to eat ?
Sure , I've had the steak and the lobster before . They're both very good .
I'm not that hungry . I think I'm just going to have a salad .
Good evening , sir . I understand that you have been robbed .
When did this happen ?
Why didn't you report it before ?
Please tell me exactly what happened .
That wasn't very wise , sir .
You should never open a door without looking to see who it is .
What happened ?
Did you get a good look at them ?
What did they take ?
They don't seem to have done much damage to the flat .
What happened today on the freeway ?
What did happen ?
Really ?
Were there any injuries ?
Are they all right ?
I'm glad to know that everyone made it out okay .
And anything to drink ?
How do you like your coffee ?
Then how about the wine ? Is white wine OK ?
Thanks for the advice , Mr . Macmillan . I ’ ll keep it in mind . I had better head off though . I ’ m meeting my husband for dinner .
Thanks , sir . You too . Drive safely , I hear there ’ s a lot ice on the roads .
Excuse me , may I have the bill , please ?
Can I pay by private check ?
Happy New Year , Rose .
Thank you , I will . What are you up to today ?
Sure , why not . Sounds like fun . Why are you going to church ?
What for ?
They must have got in through the kitchen window .
I am afraid your diamond bracelet has gone , darling !
look ! they've taken your fur coat too .
Do you have a good English-Chinese dictionary ?
Is this the latest edition ?
What's the difference ?
How do I order the office supplies that I need ?
I need many things .
I can wait a few days for these items .
I don't think we have very much money for supplies , but we have a little .
I am not sure yet .
That dress is too expensive .
Yes , it is pretty , but it costs $ 200 . What about this one ? It ’ s almost the same , but it costs half as much .
It ’ s just a little shorter .
Well , it ’ s your money . You can spend it however you want . Do you really think it ’ s pretty ?
Is it possible that I have a business trip abroad and work in American once in a while ?
Is there any training program for the employees to make a further study ?
Bob was late for work this morning .
Yes , once last week .
Hello , Lucy . This is Monica again . I have a question .
I was wondering what kind of resume do you prefer , an e-resume or a paper one ?
Ok , thank you .
Can I try it on now ?
The dress is slim in cut .
Why don't you begin by telling me something about yourself ?
The usual , you know , something about your background and experience and anything personal that you feel is pertinent .
Sounds as if you come from a professional family .
What made you decide to get into computers ?
Now what about your experience ? How long have you been working with computers ?
It certainly sounds impressive . Why don't you have your credentials sent to me and I'll show them to the board ? We'll probably get back to you in a week .
Hey , Gary , great to see you again . Please have a seat . So tell me , what seems to be the problem ?
Well , let ’ s have a look . Open wide . Hmm ... this doesn ’ t look good . Well , it looks like you have a cavity and your crown is loose . We ’ ll need to put in a filling before it gets any worse , and the crown probably needs to be refitted . I ’ m going to order some x-rays .
Should I go now ?
Nothing is happening !
What do these other letters mean ?
Let's sell our stocks now .
I'd like to go to Suzhou next week . Do you know how to get there by train ?
I see . Do you know how much the ticket is ?
Is it far from here to Suzhou ?
How long will it take to get there ?
Hi , Alex . Would you come with me to supply ? I ’ Ve got to pick up a load of stuff and I ’ m afraid I can ’ t carry it all .
Thanks . I appreciate the hand . I ’ d have to make two or three trips on my own .
Can you please give me a hand ? I can ’ t carry the heavy box .
I think you are flicking through it .
I want to settle my account .
Well , I think something must be wrong with my bill . I didn't have any laundry .
Ok , so where do you think we can save more money ?
Yeah . That ’ s a good idea and you like to cook . What about the books ?
Come on . If we save more money , we can retire earlier and you ’ ll actually have time to read all those books you buy .
Ok . Let's compromise . If you agree to only spend 75 on books , I'll agree to only spend 40 for my next shirt .
I often see some ' new age people ' show off their various skills to handle a skateboard , which makes me wonder in awe .
Although it is easy to ride , the condition of the road surface should also be paid attention to , such as places being put together and full of gullies . If the condition permits , it is better to be equipped with helmet , eye shades , ankle shield , knee shield and elbow shield .
Can I give you a lift home , Mrs . Word ?
Could you hold my umbrella when I get my keys out , please ?
Dreadful . There , the door is open now .
Um , which of them is the better typist ?
Is there any difference in their short hand ?
How about languages ?
Hi , Kerry . Did your husband make cooking for you ?
Really ? Was it delicious ?
It was the first time . You should not be so particular .
It ’ s true . Nowadays , men are spending more and more time in the kitchen .
Excuse me , I ’ m sorry to trouble you . My name is Susan Ransom , and I have placed several orders with you company .
Well , I wonder if you could track an order I placed with you last month . It hasn ’ t arrived yet .
This room is unacceptable . I want a new one , and I want a refund for tonight .
I'm being attacked by hordes of cockroaches !
Thank you very much . This has been a most unsettling experience .
Hello , Steven , what are you doing now ?
Can I be of any help to you ?
I hate balloons .
Hey , Jim , it ’ s time to wake up and get out of bed .
You ’ d better get up , or you ’ ll be late .
Yes , it did . It went off 30 minutes ago . You slept right through it . You ’ re like a dead person while you sleep .
Rise and shine ! Sleepyhead !
The early bird gets the worm .
How did I do ?
Yes , I do .
Exactly how bad ?
I don't understand how I could've failed it .
What are the reasons ?
Can I take the test again ?
That is what we are pursuing .
A meeting will be arranged to negotiate the relevant stuff .
Are you going to vote this Tuesday ?
Have you figured out who you ’ re going to vote for ?
Why is that ?
Is that right ?
That ’ s great !
Hopefully , he will be .
Have you met the new manager in customer service ?
She . She seems to be doing a pretty good job . Of course , anything would be better than that last guy !
Excuse me . I lost my way . Could you tell me where the scholar cinema is , please ?
Is that near here ?
Would you like me to type it for you ?
Not at all . I ’ ll be glad to do it .
Shall I right out again first ?
Can I print it ?
Is the new computerised stock system in operation ?
Have all the operators been trained on it ?
What's the fare , please ?
What ? You're overcharging me !
Mom , I didn ’ t have breast . I could eat a horse .
You mustn't touch the wet paint , Bill .
Try to be more careful in future . Look ! You ’ Ve damaged the sign .
Now let me tell you your definite duties in this office and this is your desk . Please sit down .
B , your main duty is to answer phone calls and transfer files to the person who wants them . Is that difficult ?
Well . I have nearly forgotten . Mr Green from ABC Company had an appointment with me , but I will be very busy at that time . If he calls , you can tell him the appointment will be changed to next week .
Can I ask a favor of you ?
Would you mail this letter for me when you go to the post office ?
DM210 is equivalent to 400 RIB .
Are you afraid of losing money due to exchange rate fluctuations ?
Mom , I finished .
Of course .
OK . Now I'll put the dishes in the sink .
OK . Then I will clean the table .
Why are you so angry , darling ?
How long has the company been in business ?
When did it become CABS ?
What does CABS stand for ?
Excuse me , I'd like to make a suit of this material .
Yes . Should I take off my coat ?
Please make a single-breasted .
How much does it cost ?
All right . When can I get it ?
My battery's flat in my mobile .
And I couldn't find another phone .
Good afternoon , Lincoln Corporate Services . Lina speaking , how may I help ?
That's not a problem , I'm more than happy to explain everything in laymen's terms . PIN stands for Personal Internet Banking . You can do all of your usual banking using the Internet , no need to call
We can take care of that for you , too . You can get all of your usual banking services plus some new extra ones . As this service is net bases , you can do it anywhere .
Welcome . What can I do for you this morning ?
Well , welcome to our country . I trust you are having a pleasant stay ?
That's the opinion of most people . Do you have your passport with you ? I'll need to see that and you'll need to fill in this withdrawal form .
How much would you like to withdraw ?
That's fine .
Here's your money , your card and your passport . Please double check the amount for me .
Mr . Smith , this is your schedule .
Excuse me , could you tell me where you have got that music book ?
It's too high . I can't reach it . Could you help me ?
Good afternoon . How can I help you ?
Ok , please first fill in the form and return it to me . You can do it in the next door .
Everybody attention . I would like to make sure you all know the process . The interview consists of three parts . One , all of the interviewees will answer the questionnaire and it lasts for maximum one hour . Two , we will take a 30 - minute ’ s break . After the break , we all come back to this office and I will announce the successful candidates for the 2nd round . In which , you have a small interview with your future manager .
Good morning , Mr . Zhang .
How are you ? How nice to see you again . How is everything going ?
Not bad , thanks ! Our company has sent me to pick you up here .
I ’ m sorry to disturb you , Mr . Crane .
Could you please look over these resumes ? They ’ Ve just come in .
Can you tell me about some good deals on produce ?
What exactly are mangoes ?
Is the seed edible ?
How much does a mango cost ?
Maybe I won't like the taste .
How do I tell the difference between a ripe one and an unripe one ?
Where do most of them come from ?
Car trouble center . How may I help you ?
Hold on , before you kick your car let ’ s go through some possible problems .
OK , first of all , can you turn the key in the ignition ?
Those are possible problems , but tell me , when you turn the key , do you hear the starter motor crank ?
No . If you step on the accelerator pedal you can flood the carburetor and your car will never start .
I know this may seem like a silly question , but does your car have gasoline ?
What are you doing this weekend ?
Is it a family thing or just friends ?
Is your great uncle Rick going to be there ? He is really funny .
You mean your sister ?
You lost me .
When can you start the job ?
Can you start on Monday ?
That's all right . When you come , ask for Smith , OK ?
Morning , Tom ! What are you doing over there ? Learning to dance ?
Oh , my goodness . I'm sorry . But I don't think tai chi is to be practiced like that .
Well , they just look a bit funny . but far from making a laughing stock out of you .
To begin with , you should keep your neck erect upward at any time .
Good ! And then , the entire body . Never incline your body forward or backward . Take care to regulate the point of balance . Place it at your waist .
No ! You should avoid sticking out your belly . Keep your hip steady . Don't swing .
Oh , yes , things are quite different with the limbs . Keep your knees bent a little . Right , they should be rich in elasticity . Move slowly when you shift your centre of gravity from one leg to another .
These are new arrivals .
Try them if you like .
What about that one over there ?
Hi , John , this is Mary , your tenant up in Lincoln Park .
I was wondering when trash collection day was .
Great .
Oh , o . k . Where ’ s that ?
Thanks . Who do I call for trash collection ?
All right . Thanks a lot .
We need to figure out how much money we've spent and what we've spent it on .
Well , I think we should save more . If we save more money we can retire earlier and enjoy our life better .
Let's see . We spent $ 700 for our home loan payment , $ 300 0n groceries , $ 75 0n utilities , $ 250 n gasoline , $ 100 on books , and $ 400 0n entertainment last month .
We put $ 500 into the savings account , and $ 750 into our stock account .
Right . Stop thinking about it . Where do you think we can save more money ?
Yeah , that's a good idea , and you like to cook .
Flip it to channel 9 , will you , Janet ? There's a big basketball game on in a couple of minutes .
Oh , yeah , smarty-pants ? Over my dead body . Now , don't be such a brat and ...
I don't know ! The picture went blank all of a sudden . It's probably the picture tube .
Yeah . Oh well , how about a game of cards instead ?
My name is Mary , and I will be your server this evening .
Can I interest you in an appetizer to start out ?
We have our daily appetizers listed on the board over there on the wall .
That would be a great choice !
We have a special where you can order a second appetizer for half price .
This is awful ! It's like drinking saltwater ! It's like drowning in the ocean !
OK , OK .
Maybe I'll run away first .
What do you do in your spare times ?
What sports do you like best ?
Do you like reading books ?
Who are you favourite authors ?
George , I heard our eighth generation computer is appreciated by the guests . They intend to sign contract with our company . You have done a good job . We are so proud of you .
Hah , as the sales department director , you are the best .
Why not ? You've done so well for the company . She should give you a prize .
Come on ! What are you nervous about ?
But the sales number is close to the predicted amount .
Were you engaged in any activities at college ?
What kind of activity would make you get involved ?
By the way , where's Jim ?
I can't find my keys .
There was a serious disturbance in the street this morning .
Did you put this morning's faxes on my desk ? I'm waiting for some urgent faxes from headquarters , I'm pretty sure they came in last night .
Yeah , you're going to have to call them and get them to be re-faxed . These copies are so dark , I can't make out any of the words .
This one ? This one is so light I can barely read it . How can that be ?
Yes , but this one will have to be re-faxed as well . And look , there's about three pages missing ! It looks loke the fax machine ate half my important faxes , and the ones that made it through are so blurred or too light , they're unreadable !
How do I know if there is a vacancy in a company ?
Which websites are most popular ?
Is your application successful ?
Where on earth will you work in ?
How long will you work a day ?
That ’ s rather hard .
How will you get your pay ?
What sort of welfare facilities does your company provide ?
Is there a union ?
So you must consider dearly before you go to work .
Welcome to Lincoln Bank . How may we be of service ?
OK , do you have the relevant materials ?
Right . You have a choice of account , we provide USD , HAD , JOY and GAP accounts . Which do you want to go for ?
Hi , Zina . I had a feeling you'd be stopping by .
Yes .
I know it . WebTracker is playing for keeps . They'll go for our jugular if we give them the chance .
Somebody , please answer the phone .
What did the boss say ?
You are still student so I don't think you should have time for that .
Okay , then . What kind of newspaper he wants you to sell ?
Sounds interesting . Especially that we are Olympic Volunteers .
And a good way to get some pocket money .
I'll say yes . Wait a minute . I need an IC card .
I have some good news for you . We've decided we'd like to send you to Shanghai on a business trip this weekend .
Don't you think that it'd be a good thing for you to get out of the office foe a couple of days ?
I thought you'd be a bit more excited about this . Everything will be paid for and I'll send my assistant with you to take care of everything for you . All you have to do is to get on the train tonight at 7 pm .
Oh , no . We've bought your return ticket for you . I think you'll find it comfortable .
Oh no . the train hasn't been crowded at all recently . Besides , you're in first-class , so you'll be fine .
They've scheduled the negotiation meeting for 9
We've booked you a room in the same hotel as your meetings , so you won't need to deal much with the transportation system .
Good evening , may I help you ?
Sorry , sir . We have only double tables left .
Honey . The cottages harmonize well with the landscape.That tourist resort is worth travelling to .
Do you have any shoes like these ?
Size five .
Black .
But my sister bought this pair last month .
No , she bought them in the U . S .
Can you get a pair for me please ?
They look very uncomfortable .
Can I collect unemployment benefits ?
My employer cut back on my hours .
Do I definitely get to collect unemployment ?
How do I check out my status to collect unemployment ?
How much will my unemployment check be ?
I see you just graduated from college . What was your GPA ?
Why do you think it wasn ’ t higher than that ?
Give me some glasses please , Jane .
No , not those . The ones on the shelf .
Yes , please .
We hope that partial shipment is allowed .
Shipping the goods is to be made in three equal monthly installments .
The negotiation of the price has taken us a long time . I hope the following negotiation about quality will be quicker .
Don't worry . Our quality is based solely on our sales samples .
We are sure to responsible to replace the defective ones .
May I sit here ?
Oh , is it ? Thank you anyway .
Are you going home now ?
What are you going to do ? Are you going to work late ?
An apartment ? Why ?
Where are you living now ?
How are you going to find an apartment ?
Apartments in the city are expensive .
Your dog is so much fun . He ’ s so playful . I wish our cat enjoyed being around people as much as your dog does .
She ’ s eight years old . She ’ s getting quite old . Your dog ’ s six , isn ’ t he ?
I ’ m sure he would . We usually have to drag him home .
She spends less time outdoors and she used to . we have no idea where she goes . She ’ s very secretive . Occasionally , she brings back a dead mouse .
Why do you want to be a tour guide ?
What courses have you completed at college ?
Have you learned any other foreign languages ?
Do you know that is a hard job ?
Is there anything you want to ask about ?
Liu , two days later , you will be in England . Don't you feel excited ?
Have you got everything ready ?
By the way , have you double checked your flight time ?
Hi , welcome to Rental Property Management . How can I help you ?
Okay . Our rental agent will be with you in a moment .
Right . Just take off your jacket and shirt . And lie down on that bed over there ... That's right ... Now , just hold up your right arm , will you ? ... Does this hurt ?
And this ?
And do you feel anything when I do this ?
And you don't feel any pain anywhere else ? In you legs , for example ?
Where ’ s the wagon ?
The water wagon .
The wagon with the water , of course .
Excuse me , can you tell me the way to Holton railway station ?
I think I ’ m going in the wrong direction , aren ’ t ?
Yes , I do . They are about two miles away , right ?
So , right at the traffic lights two miles up the road , then left at the plaza hotel , a mile along that road . Got it .
Ok . Got it . Thanks for you help .
Excuse me . Are you Mr . Smith ?
Oh , I'm so sorry .
I'm going to the hospital to see Susan Green .
Must I catch a number 7 bus to get there ?
Number 13 buses run much more frequently , don't they ?
Thank you , Henry . I'll get a number 13 .
Would you like to come by and play bridge ?
Well , to tell the truth , I don't really feel like it tonight . I had a pretty hard day and I'm sort of tired .
Oh , we always go to the movies.Can ' t we do something different ?
Let's see.How do you feel about playing bridge ?
Well , shall I call Janet and ask her and Tom to come over , and I'll go to the store and buy some stuff .
Ouch ! I'm hurt .
Yes . I'm OK . I just had a tumble . No big deal .
Sorry . Can you please help me up ! I have trouble standing up by myself with the skis on .
Excuse me . May I take a picture of you ?
I just want to show my children how an American policeman looks .
Fill it up with unleaded and check the oil , please .
No , that's all for now . What does it come to ?
I am sorry I am so late to work .
I lost track of time .
OK , it won't happen again .
OK , no problem .
Yes , I understand the numbers .
What's the price for that suit ?
Well , I like everything about it except the price .
Excuse me , How do I get to the Grand hotel ?
The Grand hotel , is it far from here ?
Mr . Emory , I ’ d like to take this afternoon off if it's all right with you .
I know , Mr . Emory . I'm sorry . But I really need to see the doctor this afternoon . I feel dizzy and I can't concentrate on my work .
Good afternoon , sir . What can I do for you ?
No problem . Please wait a minute . ( She goes to the back for a few minutes . ) Here is your medicine , sir . Take two tablets after each meal and once before bed .
Yes , our over-the-counter medicine is over there on that shelf .
Yes , right over here .
Here's a twenty .
I made a reservation three days ago.My name is George Smith .
Is his father a worker ?
Laura told me today that she has a friend with a car for sale .
Yes , it's used , but she said it was in very good shape . It's a small foreign car .
She thinks it has about twenty-five or thirty thousand miles .
Three thousand dollars .
He lives in the city and you know how expensive it is to keep a car in the city .
It's very dark in here . Will you turn on the light ?
Then , turn on the lamp , please .
Peter , do you want to learn to play the piano ?
Well , there are many boys that can play the piano very well , like Jay Chou .
OK . But you have to promise me that you will study hard in your English class .
How do you get along with your co-workers ?
So how do you develop good relationships in the office ?
May I exchange this DVD player ?
Here you are .
It won't play a DVD .
At first , I thought it was me .
This position requires a high level of English ability . How is your spoken and written English ?
What other foreign languages do you speak ?
Anything else ?
What special skills do you have ?
Have you got any special training in programming ?
Do you have a good psychological resilience ?
Excuse me , I'm looking for the Alands Morrissette album Supposed Former Infatuation Junkie .
That's okay , I'll just check back later . Do you have the new Sting album ?
Great . One last question , where is your jazz section ?
Oh , I see it . Thanks for your help .
Mr . Smith . could you give me your quotation for your bicycle A5 , FOB Qingdao ?
100 for immediate delivery , and 500 in two months time.that ' s by the end of July
Since this is a sizeable order , I was thinking you might give us a 5 % discount .
Only 3 % ? That's not much . If you could make some concessions , we would probably buy some of your other products .
Did you put the blue bin out on the street ?
Well , you'd better take it out front .
It usually gets here at noon on Tuesday , which is tomorrow .
Oh , no , you don't .
Every morning you get up late and rush off to work late .
You'll remember to do it , but you won't have time to do it .
Good afternoon , need any help ?
That's right and your flight number is CA621 .
Excuse me , sir . Flight GB105 is one to Milan , are you sure of your change ?
Don ’ t you have air-conditioning in your apartment ? It ’ s sweltering here !
I guess not , huh .
You should have moved out long , long ago .
So how can you stand the heat ?
It's been a long time , Mrs , Lee .
When did you come back ? Did you have a good time ?
I will . How would you like your hair today ? The same style as usual ?
That's true . Here are some samples of hairstyles . What do you think about this one ?
Very well . You aren't in a hurry , are you ?
Ok . The manicurist will be right here .
Steven , we are preparing a martial arts show for the New Year's party . Would you like to join us ?
That's OK . A month is enough for you to learn the basic movements . It would be great to have you with us on the show .
No . You know , there are many schools and styles of kung fu . What we will perform is a set of Chinese shadow boxing .
Thank you for joining us ! Now let's see some pictures and know more about kung fu .
Is there any way you can cut us a better deal on your wholesale price for this order ?
Based on the estimate you gave us , by the time we figure in transportation and other expenses , our profit is short.With the offer you've given me , we're making next to nothing.Can ' t you do any better ?
I'll be honest with you , our budgeted cost can't exceed more than $ 150 per unit.That is our bottom line . If you can meet that price , you've got the deal.Otherwise ...
This is the last of the milk .
Would you get some of that new cereal we saw advertised on TV ?
You know ... the one with the silly ad about how vitamins jump up and down .
Yeah . That's the one .
I want to ask you for a favor . I want to rent an apartment here in Beijing , but as a foreigner , I don't know the normal practice . Can you give me some advice ?
I am a student and want to live in Haitian , so that I can live close to my school . I like to play soccer and I like a quiet apartment so I can study .
That sounds great !
What is your policy on returns ?
Sounds good .
Charge . Here's my card .
How's the chicken ?
OK , so now the last point on our agenda . Jill , let's go over the profit and loss statement .
Let ’ s see ... These numbers are off the charts ! What's going on here !
OK , thank you . I ’ ll look into it .
Thank you , that will be all . I ’ ll take care of it .
Are you going somewhere ?
Really ? Well you ’ ll have to get there before 6pm because they close early today .
Yeah and remember if you buy something you mustn ’ t carry it home otherwise your back will get worse .
Yes , but it ’ s not free , you have to pay .
Hi , Steven . You have finished a wonderful project recently .
Don't be proud . You'll gain a lot in the following job .
B , talking about salary is not smart . You are a new manager and you'd better learn more professional skills .
This is today ’ s schedule . At 8: 30AM , conference with the department managers . At 9 o ’ clock , live for the workshop where you ’ ll award prizes to the staff for preventatives .
3000 RIB as bonus for each person .
Ok . Next thing is laying the corner-stone for the new plant at 10 AM . At 12 AM , back here for lunch .
Hello , I'd like to see Mr . Charles , the manager , please .
No . I haven't , but I'll take only a few minutes of his time .
Yes . My name is Lin Tao , the director of Guangzhou Computer Corporation .
Have you ever served in any international trading company ?
Then why did you leave ?
What have you learnt from this short experience ?
What's the matter ?
Oh , you have to take the shuttle to Grand Central .
Mail room . Karen speaking .
Certainly , Mr . Williams . Just one moment , please .
Hello , Mr . Smith , Wang Peng speaks .
I'm calling to thank you for the wonderful dinner I had yesterday .
I'll come back to China tonight . I hope to see you again sometime .
I appreciate all help of you during my stay here .
Please let me know when you go to China and let me be of some assistance to you .
Thanks , good-bye !
how is your house hunting going ?
how much are you looking to spend ?
looks like you ’ re not going to get more than a bedroom in a shared flat with that .
well , if you want to live in London , you have to pay the price !
I can ask around at work . Do you have a preference for makers or non-smokers ?
how long do you want to sign a contract for ?
do you need a furnished or unfurnished apartment ?
you know that you ’ ll have to pay utilities on top of the rent , right ?
it ’ s not usually included , so you ’ ll have to factor in about 100 pounds more each month for utilities .
don ’ t worry . Sometimes people will give you a discount if you promise to do the clearing or take care of the children .
Did your meal meet with your approval ?
How about a dessert to top off that wonderful meal ?
On this evening's dessert list , we have chocolate mousse cake , homemade fresh strawberry shortcake , and a spicy rum apple crisp .
One dessert will serve two , so would you like to split a second one ?
How about some coffee and tea as well ?
I will prepare your desserts and have someone bring you your drinks right away .
What can I do for you ?
What about jeans ? It's the fashion now .
Then , how about this ?
what can I do for you , sir ?
Fruit juice , cake and refreshments and everything .
Any serial , sir ?
And eggs ?
How do you want to your eggs ?
Anything more , sir ?
We will go to climb up the hill tomorrow . Let's go to supermarket to buy some food .
What should we buy ?
It is heavy and not convenient to take them to the top .
Good idea . We can buy some candy and nuts for children .
That's enough for the kids . Get some drinks .
Right . We should buy some yoghurt for kids .
OK . Four saucers . We can buy some custard tarts tomorrow morning .
I'd like to have a couple of complete sets of paper money and coins .
Ah , where can I find old paper money and coins used before and after 1949 ?
Good . Sorry to have troubled you so much , Miss .
No , thanks . I did not notice it has been dark outside . I think it is time to dinner .
Hey there , how are you doing ?
Well , I got laid off , and I ’ m looking for work .
Right now , I ’ ll take about anything that will pay the mortgage .
I went out on one interview , but I haven ’ t heard back from them .
You know , I saw that and it looks pretty good !
Hi , I ’ d like a single room .
No , I ’ m afraid not .
How much is it ?
Okay , I ’ ll take it .
Okay.When is your restaurant open ?
Okay , thank you.Which way to the room ?
Hello . My name is John Sandals , and I've got a reservation .
Sure . Here you are .
I sure do . How about American Express ?
No American Express ? Okay , here's my VISA .
Yeah , that'll be fine .
I am really exhausted , you know , I have been working without the weekend for two weeks . My boss always asks us to work overtime .
No . But he provides free meals and sometimes gives us some small gifts . Many of us get very tired of this , and we'd rather have weekends than stay in the office .
We all know about that , but we have no choice . The chairman of the trade union says he is going to negotiate with the management .
Morgan , can I ask you a question ?
I was just wondering if many Chinese people take their leftover food home from a restaurant .
what happen to all the leftover food ?
that seems like an awful waste ! Why don't people order fewer dishes so that they don't have to throw so much away at the end of the meal ?
I guess that makes sense . I just think it would make more sense to take the leftovers home .
no , that's OK . You know what they say when in Rome ...
many people in my generation don't eat pig's feet , but my parents grew up eating them , so I think they are OK .
Is this the right counter to check in for this flight ?
Your luggage is overweight . The free allowance for luggage is 20 kilos .
OK , in this way it's just below the limit .
I like this apartment . Do you think we can afford the mortgage ?
I love the balcony . We can sit outside and enjoy the sun in summer . We are on the 12th floor , so there ’ s very nice view from the balcony .
Yes , and there are many houses nearby . I like it that the neighbourhood isn ’ t full of apartment blocks .
Yes , it would . Don ’ t worry . There ’ s a lawn outside the building and there ’ s the park nearby . This place will be fine .
Excuse me , sir , may I take your order now ?
OK , sir . Please call me when you are ready .
Excuse me , sir . Can I look at your ticket ?
You must have left it somewhere .
Well , I think you should pay upon arrival .
Good afternoon . May I help you ?
Which type of deposit do you prefer , time deposit or current deposit ?
Okey . The interest rate for time deposit is higher . Could you tell me it's RIB deposit or currency deposit ?
Is it your first time to make a deposit here ?
The term of time deposit ranges from three months to five years , including three months , six months , one year , two years , three years and five years . How long would you like to keep your deposit ?
Fill in this slip in ink , please .
All right . Just a moment , please .
Can you tell me what the unit price of such carpet is ?
The price seems acceptable for me . But I want to check whether you can supply the carpets now if we order some ?
That's very good . Shall we sign a contract now ?
Hi , I'd like to get your store credit card .
I'm finished . Here's the form .
Here's my VISA .
Could you tell me where you put my book ?
No . A Walk in the Woods .
No . The bookshelf is full of fashion books .
No . Now would you like to help me look for the book ?
Hey , how's it going ?
Not bad , thanks for asking .
Only about fifteen minutes .
Not really , I usually drive .
Yes , I do .
Once our President lowers gas prices , I'll be driving again .
I can't believe the way our landlord cheated us .
Long Distance . May I help you ?
No , sir . I'm afraid not .
The charges vary according to the types of call you make . The cheapest is a station-to-stcrtion call , then a person-to-person call . The mini charge will apply for the first three minutes , then each additional minute will be charged .
Certainly . Who are you calling ?
And what's the number you are calling ?
And your name and number ?
Could I see that automatic camera ?
Where is it made ?
Is it expensive ?
I'll take this one .
Yes , give me two rolls of Kodak color film .
What degree have you received ?
When and where did you obtain your degree ?
We have the orientation this afternoon .
The company introduction , our mission , vision , various policies , insurances , pension plan , company ID , batch , telephone , e-mail set-up and training .
Yes , it is not easy .
Is this the Law Firm of A & B ?
I need to speak to an attorney regarding filing corporate govemance .
Is she available ?
Good afternoon Sir , may I please see your passport and reservation ?
I'm sorry sir , this flight has been cancelled due to some mechanical problems .
We apologize for any inconveniences that may be caused by this . If your flight is urgent , I can put you on a waiting list for another flight this evening , but it's on a first come first served basis , so there is no guarantee that you will be able to take that flight .
Well , If you can wait until tomorrow , we will put you up in a hotel for today and you can take scheduled flight for tomorrow morning .
Excuse me , could you please show me the way to the human resource department ?
Yes , of course . I am Monica . I have made an appointment with your HR manager .
Yes , they confirm your appointment . Please come in . It is on the 3rd floor , room 3106 . You can take the right elevator as the left on is in maintenance today .
Your assistant said that it was time to come in and sign my escrow papers .
Do you need anything from me ?
There are a lot of papers !
My dad is going to be here in a minute to help me go through this with you .
Can I start moving in after I finish signing these documents ?
I'll treat you dinner .
My mp3 player is broken , so I want to change it for an mp4 player . Can you offer any advice about which brand and model to buy ?
Oh , that's a good idea . Perhaps I should have a try .
That's cool . I can use the computer and the internet pretty well , but I'm a little bit slow in the latest trends of digital products .
Yeah , if I buy a cell phone like this , I don't have to take a music player everywhere I go , and I can save the cost of buying an extra mp4 .
256MB .
Hello .
Yes , please . I'd like to open a savings account . Would you please give me some advice ?
What's the difference between the two ?
Then how about the current account ?
Thank you for your help . I think I'll open a current account .
Yes .
Thank you very much .
Hi , Mikel . What's with you ? You look angry .
True , you are getting a really pot belly , aren't you ?
Just kidding , M . Why don't you come work out with me ?
It works if you keep at it . Come on , let's go !
This feels great . I'm all reed up . I can keep going all night .
Exercise has no benefit unless you sweat like a pig .
Thanks for coming , it was a real blessed .
Wow , the ferris wheel over there is so big . I'd like to take a ride on it .
Look at your right-hand . Is it the zone of the Lost Maya Kingdom ?
I want to have a try later .
Wow , that's my favorite . It's like a superman shooting right up into the sky .
Of course . After this , I want to show you to the Haunted House .
Bingo !
John ? I have to say I was bothered by the way you handled the meeting today .
I think it would have been better if you had given us more of a chance to give our opinions .
Hotel front desk .
For what time ?
What did you get for lunch today ?
Where'd you get your food from ?
What sandwich did you order ?
Was it any good ?
I ordered a sandwich there before .
Yeah , and they messed my order up too .
Do you like shopping ?
Why don't you do your shopping at home ?
I mean you can buy things through the Internet , that is E-commerce .
Good afternoon , sir , is there anything I can help you with today ?
Well , I would be happy to assist you in choosing the perfect gift for her . Is there anything particular that you have in mind ?
Well , you can give her a set of pearl earrings , or this beautiful heart-shaped pendant . What is her favorite gemstone ?
Don ’ t worry , we specialize in providing our customers a relaxed , pressure-free shopping environment . That stone is an amethyst . We have a range of beautiful amethyst pieces . Take a look at this bracelet . It ’ s 18K rose-gold , studded with amethyst and blue topaz . It ’ s a great statement piece .
We have this beautiful platinum pendant , or you could also get her a locket . You could also get her a timepiece — it ’ s both glamorous yet functional.If you tell me a little more about your girlfriend , maybe I can help you find something for her .
Perhaps you could give her a ring ?
Well sir , I believe your fifth anniversary is a great time to propose !
What are you doing , Janice ?
Patent ? Are you also learning something about patent ?
You are well-informed . Can you tell me something about the Patent Law in our country from the book you are reading ?
So coincidental . Actually we can exchange some information on this problem .
Is there any provision on applying for the patent for foreign company ?
How long is the duration of patent right for an invention according to your Patent Law ?
Cheers ! Let ’ s tie one on .
Excuse me , could you tell me how to get to the school clinic ? I've lost my way .
Straight ahead to the traffic lights , left and then right .
I really want to go to China for vacation , but I can ’ t find a cheap plane ticket .
No , not yet . Can you find a good price there ?
Well , you don ’ t have to be mean . How do I do it ?
O . K . Thanks . I ’ ll let you know what I find .
What kind of person do you think you are ?
What are your strengths and weaknesses ?
What qualities would you expect of persons working as a team ?
How do you spend your leisure time ?
So , what kind of sport do you like most ?
I'd like to have this cashed , please .
Yes .
Ten hundreds and ten twenties , and the rest in small change , please .
I swear I will never shop at a street market in China . It's a terrible place full of excellent profiteers ! You have to keep an eye whenever it comes to paying for something .
yes . Last Sunday I went to a nearby market . It was on open-air fair . I chanced upon this bag and bought it on the spot , without even trying to strike a bargain . I paid one hundred and twenty . And just now I was told by my Chinese colleagues I bought it overpriced . I could have talked my way to thirty .
but don't you think it annoying to overcharge the customers by such a handsome margin ?
I'm looking for some black pumps to go with my evening gown . Could you show me what you have ?
Not to high , maybe an inch or an inch in the half would be the best .
Those are beautiful . Do you have any in a size six ?
No , thank you . I'm just looking for a black pair .
Let's get this card for mom , it's funny .
Do you mean girly ?
Are you for real ?
I think we should each get our own card .
Good morning , sir . Sorry to disturb you . May I make up your room now ?
What would my new duties be ?
Will I have the chance to take business trip abroad once in a while ?
How many rooms are you looking for ?
150 a month .
May I know how long will it take to get some more in from the factory ?
When will you be able to deliver ?
When can I have your firm C . I . F . prices , that is to say , the final offer , Mr . London ?
Yes . I ’ ll be here tomorrow morning at 10 .
I don ’ t need that long to make up my mind . If your prices are agreeable and if I can get the commission I want , I can place the order right away .
I ’ m glad to hear that . As I ’ Ve just said , I hope to conclude some substantial business with you .
I ’ m buying for chain department stores in Canada . They are also interested in Egyptian carpets . Could you introduce me to the person in charge of this line ?
Have you been registered yet , sir ?
Are you a medical or surgical case ?
Do you have your medical history sheet with you ?
Please fill in this admission card . Well , how long do you expect to stay in the hospital ?
But there're no beds available now . Two patients will be discharged this afternoon , so you'll have to wait until then .
Hey , Mr Brown . How are you ? Look at that smile on your face !
That's what we like to hear , a profitable business .
So , what can I do for you today ? Are you needing to withdraw or transfer ?
That was a really good meal , Gordon .
Well , it is getting pretty late . I think we should go home .
Let's see how much the bill is .
What are you talking about ? We'll split the bill .
No way , Gordon . I know that you are a little short on cash at the moment . There's no need for you to pay for the whole bill .
That's better . This way we will both have money to take a cab home , otherwise , you would probably have to walk .
You've got a deal .
How can we get in touch with you ?
About one week .
Does your company have a large population ?
Do you have more than 200 employees in the company ?
Good morning . What can I do for you ?
I'm sorry to hear that . This room is at the end of the corridor . It's possible that the noise is heard early in the morning when everything is quiet .
I'm awfully sorry , Miss . I do apologize . We'll manage it , but we don't have any spare room today . Could you wait till tomorrow ? A tour company will be leaving tomorrow morning . There'll be some rooms for you to choose from .
Be sure . And if there is anything more you need , please let us know .
Good afternoon , sir . May I help you ?
Would you like anything to drink with that ?
Will that be all ?
For here or to go ?
Excuse me , could you tell me how to get to the school clinic ? I've lost my way .
Straight ahead to the traffic lights , left and then right .
Good morning , this is Mary .
Hello , Jane ! Is that the Human Resource Department ?
I had an interview with your company two weeks ago . I am calling to ask about the interview result . I hope you can give me a positive reply .
Thank you ! I am glad to hear that . When would it be convenient for me to start working ?
What is the starting salary for me ?
I appreciate the offer . I will come on time next Monday . See you then !
Good morning . May I help you ?
Okay . Full-size , mid-size or compact , ma'am ?
78 dollars a day with unlimited mileage .
Is there an additional driver ?
If you want full coverage insurance , it will be 8 dollars per day . It includes collision damage waiver and personal accident insurance .
Here is our brochure , ma'am . Err ... full-size ... OK . Please choose a model in this section .
All right . How many days would you like to use it ?
May I see your driver's license and credit card please ?
Did you hear who won the election ?
McCain is our new President .
I ’ m not happy about it , either .
I guess the people wanted him as our new leader .
I have to tell you something else that you probably won ’ t like .
I wasn ’ t serious , because Obama got elected .
I just got a call from Mrs . Fitzgerald . See what your Willie has just done .
Because he takes after you , he's got into trouble again .
That was last time . This time it's worse .
Well , he was playing baseball with some friends ...
True , but that's not all . The ball went through the window and hit the vase she has in her front window ...
And then , ricocheted off her fish bowl . Mrs . Fitzgerald at the last minute dived and saved her fish .
Stop interrupting me . Finally , the ball flew through the air and knocked out Willie's school principal , who was having a cup of coffee with Mrs . Fitzgerald .
Wow ! They've got everything here . All the world's famous brands . Aunt Cindy , what is your favorite brand ?
Oh , that's a very expensive brand , but with good reason .
I see . Come here . The high heels here look really attractive . But I wonder whether it's comfortable to wear any of them ?
It's not a simple thing to be beautiful .
Yeah , very tasteful . And with them , you look even more fashionable . Oh , there are so many French perfumers . Oops , perfumes for guys ? So strange !
Oh , really , that's really something new . I'm afraid not everyone can accept it .
That's true . Well , it's obvious that fashion is not a cheap thing . So , do you spend all your money on it ?
How is it that you are my mom's sis ? You two are so different . She always picks up bargains and spends more than she earns . You do so much better than her .
Is Bob home ?
Would you please weigh this letter to see what the postage is ?
By ordinary air mail , please .
A postal order for four hundred dollars .
Will I be informed when my friend gets the letter ?
Maybe you should have told me first ?
Because we're partners .
Excuse me .
Um , this steak , I asked for to be medium rare .
Well , I ’ m afraid it isn ’ t . It ’ s a bit too well done and rather tough . Would you mind changing ?
Employees in this company have to have a good command of English . Do you think you are proficient in both written and spoken English ?
Well , then , please tell me about your English education .
I see , do you speak any other languages ?
You must be very busy these days . I heard you are responsible for the meeting arrangements this time . It can be the most important meeting for our company this year .
Do we still use the conference room in the same hotel as last time ? You remember ? I like that one .
( Having lunch with Joseph ) Have you ever been invited to a Chinese feast ?
As far as you could see , is dining at a Chinese table a distinct experience ? To what extent does it differ from that in your homeland ?
But you look quite proficient in using them now .
Yes , table etiquette . There are a multitude of rules that foreigners might never know until they were told . Some practices even appear somewhat awkward or rude to Westerners , while they are the norm in China . Hey , your chopsticks , old silly ! You should not stab them vertically into the rice bow !
Maybe you should have placed them horizontally over your bowl or plate . They resemble two incense sticks used at sacrifices . It's very inauspicious , and might enrage all present .
Do you two know each other ?
Can you help me , please ?
I want to send this small parcel to Canada .
How different are these rates ?
How long it will take by sea ?
Then , by sea , please .
All right . Thank you very much .
We'd like some local-flavored pastry . Can you recommend some ?
What is that ?
That sounds appealing . OK , we will have that .
OK . We will try some .
No , it's enough .
How much is the hat ?
I have seen this cheaper in other places .
Could you give us a detailed description of the properties of your product ?
Could you tell me more about it ?
Can you introduce its price level to me ?
We need the best possible quality .
Hi , Susan !
Not so well . I've come down with the flu .
Tom , it's time for you to take a shower .
Why ? You can't be always so lazy .
Alright . But you promise this is the last time .
What are you doing ?
Are there any good programs on TV ?
Which Channel is it ?
Will you book a ticket to New York for me ?
This Saturday .
That's right.Will you check what fights are available on the sixth of September ?
I'll have the 5 o'clock one.What time do I check in ?
I heard there was an accident today .
Tell me the news .
Are you kidding ?
Did anyone get hurt ?
Were the injuries minor ?
That's great to hear .
Have you met Professor Smith ?
Oh , he's my uncle.Come to my house at seven this evening . I'll introduce you to him .
How often do you service the pump ?
How do you decide how often these things need to be done ?
Hello , Mr . Jones . We need to have a meeting to discuss our deal .
I beg your pardon for being late .
So sorry , I don't mean to be .
Thanks for your forgiving .
I'll work hard .
Have you ever worked as a tour guide ?
Then you may know that it's hard work .
Have you applied with any other companies ?
Is there anything you want to ask about ?
Certainly . There'll be a good chance of that if you work for this company . Not right away , of course , but in a few years , after you learn more about our business , you may go overseas with a tour group . Any questions ?
All right , then . We'll get in touch with you within a week . Thank you for coming today , Mr . Sun .
I think these patterns are quite good . Can you give me a price indication of these ?
Thank you very much . If your price is suitable , then we can make further discussion of contract .
Very good . How many goods do you have ?
We want to order 900 dozen .
What are we going to eat for dinner ?
I didn't plan on cooking tonight .
I don't know what to make .
I've been craving chicken and potatoes .
Are you going to cook it tonight ?
Okay , I guess I'll cook .
What ’ s your major weak point ?
What are you greatest strength ?
Does your present employer know you are looking for another job ?
Have you seen the news today ?
Did you know there was a blackout last night ?
Well , some people decided to loot last night .
They took advantage of the blackout .
Yes , apparently four stores were broken into .
There was no evidence of who did it .
How far is this address from here , please ?
So how long does it take ?
Hello !
This is Doris . Who's calling please ?
Oh , I almost forgot . Thank you for calling to remind me . Actually . I do need to change the time of my appointment . I have a scheduling conflict . And I can't make it that early .
It would have to be after lunch . Do you have anything available about 2 o'clock ?
That ’ s alright , . I think I should be able to make it at one fifteen . Can you put me down for that time slot ?
How can I get to Lakeside Park ?
Will it take me straight there ?
May I help you ?
What's the problem ?
When ?
What did he take ?
Did you see his face ?
Could you pick him out of a line-up ?
Can I help you ?
I am sorry . We are full up for tomorrow .
Yes , the Sunset Hotel is three blocks away . Maybe you can ask them .
Is this the registration office ?
I don't know exactly .
I've got a sore throat , a runny nose , and a headache .
Medical department ? Are you sure ?
Where is it ?
Yes . Here you are .
Are you going to vote tomorrow ?
I am .
My polling place is up the street at the park .
Where ’ s yours at ?
You should know that already .
You do know that you can look online , right ?
Can you read and write English and French ?
Could you tell me something about your English education ?
Good morning .
I'm phoning about the job that was in the paper last night .
Oh , Candida Fawcett .
Well , I just thought that it was right up my street you know .
Yes , arm , I'm 23 . I've been working abroad , I'm um ...
May I see your ticket , please ?
How far are you going ?
Where did you begin your journey ?
I see . Do you remember how much you paid for your ticket ?
You must be Mr White from Britain .
The NASDAQ gained a few points today .
It's hard to say . The stock market is weird . You never know what will happen tomorrow .
There ’ re traffic jams everywhere .
Yeah . We should have more roads built .
I want a pair of enameled leather shoes in size 30 .
The heel is a little tight .
Have you applied for you visa to go to study in the united states yet ?
Good luck ! I ’ Ve heard it ’ s very difficult to get a visa to go to the united states .
What kind of documents did you need to present ?
Why do you think so many people have their applications rejected ?
Why are they stricter with Chinese people than with other nationalities ?
hello . How was the marketing meeting ?
I ’ m surprised to hear that . I thought you had some very good suggestions .
so what happened in the meeting ?
I wonder why not . We could always revise the suggestions , to take into account any objections .
may I make a suggestion ?
Is there a chance you could contact the client confidentially and see what they think ? If they like your ideas , perhaps they could put them forward as their own proposals . You won ’ t get credit for ide
that was a great dinner . I didn't know that you knew how yo cook .
I don't know . I'm pretty full . What are we having ?
ooh , that's my favorite . Maybe I'll have a small slice .
I'll have a cup of tea .
actually , could I have some milk with that ?
skim , please . That'd be very nice . Thanks ... oh no . Janna , I'm so sorry , but I've got to go .
I just got a message from my sister saying that she's been in a car accident . I need to go pick her up .
she's on the M40 , near Reading .
I don't know , she didn't say . I'm so sorry about this .
actually , I've only got a two-seater . I'll have to go on my own .
Do you think chinese families have changed much in the last 50 years ?
What do you think is the biggest change ?
That's true . You know , some husbands and wives don't even live in the same city any more .
I guess I'm a bit old-fashioned . I'd rather have my parents live with me than live in a retirement room .
How about your other siblings ? Do they spend a lot of time with your parents ?
I see . Do your parents ever ask you to come home to visit them more often ?
Hello , is this the ABC Company ?
We have just arrived from Tokyo and we've been looking for our reserved car of your company all over , but we cannot find it .
Our reservation number is J - 221 .
You mean you haven't arranged any car .
How much is this shirt ?
It's rather expensive , isn't it ?
How about 50 yuan ?
Then let's split the difference and I'll give you 60 yuan , OK ?
Hi , how can I help ?
Unfortunately , if you wish to withdraw on your C / D before the pre-decided date , you must give notice .
Yes , you will lose interest . I see that you have a 5 - year C / D with us . I'm sorry to tell you that would mean losing 6 months of interest as a penalty for withdrawing before maturity .
Hello . Beijing Restaurant . How can I help you ?
For pick - up or delivery ?
What would you like to order ?
That ’ s fine .
What size ?
When will you come to pick up your order ?
Is there anything I can do for you ?
Sure . We will make a broadcast for you . May I have your name , please ?
May I help you ?
What ’ s your problem ?
I apologize for the inconvenience .
I understand your problem .
I ’ m going to cancel the fees you owe .
The initial fee still must be paid .
How do you want your eggs , Mary ? Cindy likes hers scrambled .
The toaster is over there on the kitchen counter . Help yourself .
White and whole-wheat .
Can you go wake up Cindy for me ?
Dan More's Office , how may I help you ?
May I tell him who's calling ?
Just a minute please , Mr . White .
What's for dinner tonight ?
You're not going to cook ?
Yeah , and I love your cooking .
You're being serious ?
Okay , I'll make dinner tonight .
Do you want me to wake you up when dinner is ready ?
I can promise you that , if you buy our product , you will be getting quality .
We spend a lot of money to make sure that our quality is much better . We don ’ t sacrifice quality for quick profits .
That ’ s great . I ’ m glad we ’ ll be able to do business together . I ’ ll have some quotes ready for you by tomorrow morning .
Excuse me . Would you tell me where The People's Park is ?
How long will it take me to get there ?
I'm not going in the wrong direction , am I ?
May I take a bus to get there ?
I wonder if you could help me find something for my daughter .
I think that would be perfect .
In fact , she prefers Macs . How much is one ?
She's going to be so happy . Let me have one .
I'll pay for it with my VISA .
Are there any extras that she needs ?
You've been so helpful . Thank you .
Linda , it's really late . Let's call it a day .
Sure thing . Do you want me to give you a ride home ?
Don't mention it . It ’ s my pleasure .
That was really a nightmare !
I was stuck between 15th and 16th floors in the elevator .
I pressed the emergency button ! And then I stayed in the elevator waiting for the rescue .
A little bit , but I know that the elevator isn't enclosed . at least I wouldn't be smothered there .
Of course , there are 6 other people in the elevator ; they were so scared that someone even started crying .
Yes . I have to call the property management .
Yes . They should check the elevator regularly . I have to give them something to remember about , and they should also equip fire extinguishers in the building .
Dear , can you drive me to the clinic ?
Why ?
Could it be the battery ?
Well , I suppose it could be the gas .
Perhaps it's the starter then ?
There's a big problem with my room . I'm in 507 .
I have cockroaches crawling in my room .
I've seen nine more cockroaches than I wanted to see .
How dare you question my statement !
Hello ! Are you shopping here today ? Haven't I seen you in some flea markets and thrift shops a couple of times ?
You should ! This thrift shop is really cheap , though , you have to pay cash here .
Hello , Mr . Compton ? This is Susan Miller .
I ’ d like to take tomorrow off if that ’ s all right with you .
Listen , you can not afford another day off . You ’ Ve called in sick five times in the last three weeks .
Well . I want a note from the doctor this one and to be honest , if it continues , we may not be able to have you here .
Hi . Can I help you , sir ?
We posted several positions . Which position are you looking for ?
Yes . Applications will be accepted for this position until next Friday .
If you ’ re interested in this position , please send me your resume .
Sure .
Hello , I need to get a cab .
That's fine .
Hi , Bob . I heard that you had passed your driving test . Is it true ?
Is the driving test difficult ?
What does the driving test require ?
Oh , I see . I need more practice before I take the driving test .
Guess what ! I know something you don't know !
How many planets are there in the solar system ?
Not anymore ! Can you believe it ? They've decided that Pluto is not a planet anymore !
I'm dead serious . They've decided that it's too small to be a planet , but actually they haven't yet agreed on how big something has to be in order to be a planet anymore .
Yes , they can . If you remember correctly , people used to believe that the world was flat .
We actually know relatively little about space and the cosmos .
I suppose we could actually live on a planet outside of the milky way .
I hope not . I think they would be a threat to those of us that lived on Earth .
I'm planning on going to the market soon .
I don't know what we need .
I'll make a list .
Okay , do we need any meat ?
What else do we need ?
What's the problem ?
I really didn't see it .
I only saw bushes at the intersection .
I really didn't mean to run it .
Are you still going to write me a ticket ?
Thanks for being so understanding .
I think I'll get some new goggles .
We also need some sunscreen . What about beach towels ?
I think I'll get a hat , too .
Hello ?
I am sorry . Mr . Doff is out right now .
I don't know . But he will certainly be back for lunch . This is his wife speaking . Can I take a message for you ?
Very Good . I will let him know as soon as he comes back . But , may I have your name , please ?
I want to rent this car for 5 days .
By the way , do I have to return the car here ?
Let's eat out .
Do you buy that newspaper every day ?
Is there a Sunday edition of that newspaper ?
What section does it have ?
What ’ s in that section ?
My doctor says that I need a blood test .
What are you taking my blood for ?
What information does that give him ?
Is a blood test painful ?
Oh , my God , that hurts !
Hello , JC Consulting PLC . Chris Edwards speaking .
Hi Kristy ! What's going on ?
Yes , I certainly do .
Oh , dear ! There isn't a problem , is there ?
May I order some cable from you today ?
I'm not sure of what packages you offer .
Are there any other packages ?
I want a package that has the basic and movie channels .
I would like to get that .
That's it , but will I be able to add more channels at another time ?
Welcome to Flash Foot , sir . How can I help you ?
Do you have your negatives ?
What size do you want the prints ?
I thought about what you said .
I decided that you're right .
Where do we get off at ?
This bus ride is taking forever .
Did we miss our stop ?
Didn't you say you knew where to get off the bus ?
Are you serious ?
I can't catch the bus with you anymore .
You are still a student ?
Are you sure you can be a successful cashier ?
That's only for your theory foundation . I am afraid if you have ever handled large amounts of cash before ?
Good . I think you'll make a good cashier .
hello ! How are you .
what have you got ? A cough ? A cold ?
perhaps you ’ Ve been working too hard . You do have a high-pressure job .
well . I ’ m sure the doctor will be able to prescribe something to make you well again . Dr . Jameson is very good .
Do you like the food here ?
I am glad you like it .
Do you have any job placement services at EDD ?
What about people who don ’ t have a computer ?
What else is there at the EDD offices that can help me with my job search ?
What are the different workshops that are available at the EDD offices ?
Can you think of some other places where I may look for work ?
Doctor , my child is nine years old , and I recently found that he was constantly telling lies about how he is doing at school .
He is doing OK , but he pretends he is doing much better by telling lies .
This may be complicated . But I think he may need to build up his self-esteem .
Good afternoon , Ma ’ am , My name is Mike and I am selling subscriptions to all sorts of periodicals .
Please ma ’ am , if you could spare five minutes of your time , I am sure we could find something that interests you !
We have a great variety of magazines all about cooking ! This one for example , is a bi monthly publication with recipes from all over the world !
Sure do ! This one is a quarterly publication , but each issue has over 200 color pages of recipes and also many home decorating ideas !
You mentioned you have a dog , most pet owners sign up for this weekly newsletter that has information on dog care , pet shops and even pet sitters !
Damn Scott . You got big .
How long have you been lifting weights ?
Yeah . Last time I saw you , it was like 2 years ago .
How often do you go to the gym ?
That's a lot .
I don't think I have the discipline for that .
it ’ s so great to be here ! I ’ m so excited to help you and my daughter with your new home !
that ’ d be great , but could I have a cup of tea first ?
that would be lovely , thanks .
I ’ ll take a little milk , but no sugar , please . Make sure you let the tea steep a few minutes before you take the tea bag out of the cup .
well , I do like the mantelpiece and the coffee table , but I don ’ t really care for curtains . Did you get them at a yard sale ? They look ancient .
oh dear . Well , I suppose they will do for now . do you ever dust in here ? It seems a bit dusty in here .
I see . Well , I can help with the chores while I ’ m here . You two could probably use my help .
Grant . How is everything ?
Sure . What ’ s it about ?
Excuse me . I need some storybooks in easy English . Do you have anything like that ?
I'll go take a look . Thanks for your help .
We have one day to visit the big city , can you give us some advice ?
I don't think we can visit the city in one day just by walking . How much does the limo cost ?
How do I get to the post office from school ?
OK , I see . Thank you very much .
How do you usually part your hair ?
( The hair stylist cuts the customer's hair . ) Almost done . I just have to even things up a bit . ( She shows the customer the results . ) Will that do ?
Would you like a shave ?
Okay , let me brush you off . Thank you very much for coming .
Mr . McKenna , do you have a second ? I need to talk to you about something .
Well , I was just wondering . . . you see , I know I ’ Ve used up all my vacation days this year , but my sister is getting married , and the wedding is overseas , and , well . . .
Well , sir , I was just hoping that I might be able to take some unpaid leave this year .
I was thinking of taking off from September first until the thirtieth . Would you be okay with that ?
Did you need help ?
I ’ ll help you with that .
I ’ m working here today .
Can I see your ID , please ?
I have your ballot card right here .
All you have to do now is vote .
Wish you have a blast .
Oh , the clothes here are so expensive ! No wonder there are few people .
Yeah , it's lovely , but to be frank , it's not the most practical . You don't have many formal events in your calendar , do you ?
When you buy clothes , you must think about the material , quality and price .
Make sure you buy what you need and your clothes can be worn for various occasions .
That's true , but you already have two back coats and one black sweater .
Exactly ! Oh , my god ! I love Britney ! I'm going to get it .
It's just the right size--a perfect fit ! I'll take it . Oh , no , I'm a little short . Did you bring your credit card ?
Look , Jimmy's report came today .
He's in the third grade Sam ! You see under each subject that he is being taught in school , he receives a mark from one to three . A one means his achievement or work is excellent . Here in Science for example he got a two , which means its satisfactory .
He got a three here which means it's unsatisfactory . We should work on that with him .
Good morning.So this is the first day for you to work here , I hope you'll like your job .
I hope so.Now let me tell you your duties here.This is your desk.Please sit down .
Your main duty is to answer the phone calls and transfer them to the person wanted .
In that case , you are supposed to ask the caller to leave a message .
Yes , you are responsible for keeping all files in order .
If you have any questions . I will help you .
Welcome to Flower Power , sir . What can I get for you ?
Would you like them delivered ?
Do you want to sign the card ?
Hi , Mark ! I was wondering if you finished that presentation you were working on last week ?
Mr . Rodriguez was asking me about it yesterday .
Did you order the cake ?
Get on the phone right now . It might not be too late .
Yeah . How about ' Happy Birthday Tony , from the gang . '
Hello , this is Mr . Simon . May I help you ?
Sorry , I can't give you an immediate answer on the matter . It's pending now .
I have a sweet tooth .
I would love to get some dessert .
I'd love to get a pie .
I'm not sure .
What kind do you like ?
I love apple pie too .
What will I earn per year in this job ?
Are we covered by a good benefits plan ?
Can we take personal days off ?
What do you offer in terms of a retirement plan ?
Do you reimburse for education that relates to my job ?
Do you have a benefits brochure ?
Good morning . I ’ m thinking about buying some new furniture for my living room . Could you help me ?
I came to your store yesterday and have come back today to make a final decision . I think I like the black leather suite . It ’ s on sale , isn't it ?
I ’ ll take it . I also need to improve the lighting in my living room . Do you have any suggestions ?
It ’ s quite large . It ’ s about 40 square metres .
Hello , three-five .
I'm sorry , I'm very tired . I'm going to bed early . I didn't have good time , and I don't really want to see you again .
It was hardly all night . And I recall it was you doing all the laughing at your own jokes .
No , I ' m sorry . I'm going to meet some friends tomorrow evening . And I ' m too tired now . I have to go to sleep . Goodbye .
How do you dispose of the waste in your factory ?
What about the rest ? How do you get rid of it ?
But doesn't incineration produce carbon monoxide ?
Good afternoon . Is this the Roley Hotel ?
Yes . I ’ m calling from Westwood and Westwood Attorneys . I need to make a reservation for Mr . Alex Brent .
I wonder if the dentist could fit me in early tomorrow .
How about 12:45 ?
Is there anything I can do for you ?
How's this ?
Welcome to IBA . Do you need any assistance ?
I see . We offer Personal Housing Loans , or mortgages , at a rate of 0.42 % per month .
We offer many different payment plans . Would you be looking at long-term or short-term ? Are you looking at a 10 - year repayment plan ?
Then we can certainly help you with that . You see , for shorter term loans , we can offer an even more competitive interest rate .
Stupid girl , making me spend so much money , now I have to get it from the ATM ...
I know where to put my card ! Stupid machine , talking to me like I ’ m an idiot ...
Yeah , yeah , I know what I selected . Just give me my money !
No , no ! Stupid machine , what are you doing ! No !
I want to go try on these clothes .
I found some jeans , and a new blouse .
What do you think ?
What about the jeans ?
I don't think so either .
I'll just buy the shirt .
I have a resume here .
David , Chou .
These are all my personal documents about my education and working experience you asked for . And I have to be off for an important meeting now . If you think I am right for the job , please keep me informed .
I am sorry , but I don't have one with me right now .
Here , Let me get the door for you .
Do you need a hand with that ?
I don't think I can manage this morning . I wonder if we could after the time of meeting to tomorrow afternoon .
Excuse me , sir . May I help you ?
What's wrong ?
are you good at cooking ?
do you prefer chinese food or Western food ?
are you used to the food here ?
what's your favorite Chinese dish ?
have you tried traditional Chinese dumplings yet ?
you know , foreigners are not expected to use chopsticks proficiently . If you do , you'll give your Chinese friends quite an impression .
if you want , I can introduce you to some typical Chinese dishes .
I heard you want to apply for the position as a foreign bank staff member , is it true ?
What about the foreign bank ?
What are the requirements ?
Would you be using English every day in this job ?
The pay must be good .
I ’ m from Channel 5 News .
I was wondering if I could ask you a few questions .
First of all , did you vote today ?
Who did you vote for ?
Why not ?
I apologize for invading your privacy .
What do you think about the apartment so far ?
You don ’ t have any problems with how it looks ?
Like what ?
Those stains will be cleaned out of the carpet before you move in .
Yes . Now what other problems do you have ?
Well , I ’ m glad that everything else is to your liking .
Good afternoon , CCL press.Jennisse speaking , How can I help you ?
Oh , I'm sorry . Mr.Li is in a meeting right now . Can I take a message ?
Nigel Smith . Does he have your number , Mr . Smith ?
2781703 1 . Sure . I'll make sure he gets the message .
Hello . Smith ’ s Resident .
This is Mr . Smith .
Yes , I ’ ll pay for the call . Put her through , please .
I need to cancel my reservation . I have personal matters that need fixing .
Rudy Randolph , 818-555-1234 , April 9 through 15 .
Thank you . I'm glad that wasn't too much of a bother .
My computer isn't working .
I'm trying to turn it on , but it won't work .
Which ones are you referring to ?
Is that why it won't turn on ?
I did not know that .
I'm going to do that .
Do you have any other questions ?
According to our regulations , you will be on probation for the first three months .
In this period , you can only get the basic salary , 2,500 yuan per month .
The salary will be deposited into the bank on the 15th every month . Your salary will be raised every year in October , depending on your performance evaluation.you can get a bonus once a year.and it's normally in December .
Hi Barbara . Have you lost weight ?
Wow . You look great .
What type of diet were you on ?
That's amazing . What tips did your trainer give you ?
That doesn't make sense . If you eat more , than how do you lose weight ?
That makes sense . I'm going to try that .
I have a little gut I have been trying to get rid of .
Thanks for the advice .
Well it ’ s my first night in Beijing . What should I eat ?
Mm , I don ’ t really like duck to be honest with you . I fancy something light .
That sounds like a good idea . Where should I go to eat that ?
Hello ! This is Air China Booking Office .
May I know your flight number , please ?
Oh , yes . That's our regular flight to Nanchang . Would you please tell me your name ?
Yes , here you are . You're flying in economy class . Is that right ?
Let me check . Now , your ticket is in order . Thank you for calling to reconfirm .
Quite right . If you don't confirm , the reservation will be cancelled 72 hours before the departure time . In order not to miss your flight , I think you should pick up your ticket as early as possible .
Good morning , is there anything I can do for you ?
Yes , what size do you want ?
Hey ! Taxi .
Capital Airport .
At 7:50 .
How long is the ride from here then ?
Okay , now I ’ d like to find out more about your last job . I see you spent almost four years at the London Weekly , is that right ?
So , what changed ?
Wow , a real step up !
I see , so why did you decide to leave finally ?
Mom , look ! My first piggy bank and it still has money in it !
Remember when I used to beg you to break it so I could go buy ice cream ?
Thanks for not giving in to my childhood tantrums , mom .
I think I'm going to keep it as a monument to what I've learned about money .
I ’ m hungry , let ’ s grab a bite to eat .
Nah ! Let ’ s go get a burger and fries .
What are you talking about ? I have salads some times .
Fine ! I ’ ll start drinking and having home cooked meals that are low in fat . Are you happy now ?
What can I do for you , madam ?
How about this one ?
They're three hundred dollars .
OK , This one is one hundred and twenty . It's the cheapest here .
Good evening , sir .
Yes , sir . Straight or on the rocks ?
Good morning , Janice . Our office will hold a welcoming party in the evening , so I will allocate you some assignment .
Don't worry . I will find someone to assist you .
Firstly , you should go to the supermarket , which is nearest to our company , to buy some fruit , drinks , desserts and cakes . Here is the list of things you need to buy .
The meeting room on the Fourth Floor needs to be swept . Jerry and Tom will help you at that time . Any questions ?
Don't worry about that . I have already calculated the money about things you will buy . Remember to give me the receipt when you come back .
I'd like to apply for a personal loan .
A thousand dollars .
What's the current interest rate ?
Congratulations on the new house !
Well , you guys work hard for it . It ’ s really beautiful .
I think I found my Yankee's mug ...
It fell out of the garbage bag .
It was with all the other dishes from dinner .
I ’ ll show you around and explain the operation as we go along .
That is our office block . We have all the administrative depart - ments there . Down there is the research and development section .
About 3-4 % of the gross sales .
That ’ s the warehouse . We keep a stock of the faster moving items so that urgent orders can be met quickly from stock .
Could you recommend something to drink ?
We would also like some alcohol before the main dish .
Do you have some questions ?
If you join us , our company will provide you a single dormitory . If you make great achievements , our company will offer you a flat according to the related regulations . It all depends .
Besides the official holidays , our company offers a ten days paid holiday every year , which makes it possible for you to visit your parents . Any other questions ?
You say he was around average hight .
Weight ?
Any marks on his face ?
Glasses ?
what about his hair ?
Long or short ? Straight ? Curly ?
Boy , this surely doesn't help us much . It could be anybody . How about his cloth ? What was he wearing .
Ok , now we are getting some where . Pants ?
What kind of shoes ?
Cow while Boots .
All right . That Nealy done a little .
Come in , please .
Good morning . You are Mr . Sun , aren't you ? Take a seat , please .
I've noticed from your resume that you majored in accounting at Peking University . Will you please tell me something about your related courses ?
Have you taken Accounting for Decision-Making and Control ?
From your school report card , I can see you did well in every course . But our advertisement says we need an accountant with practical work experience .
You can speak English fluently but I wonder if you can deal with bookkeeping and accounting in English .
That sounds fine . Why did you choose to apply to our company ?
Do you know something about the payment we give to our employees ?
Of course . As for an entry-level accountant , we pay ¥ 1,500 a month in the first half year . We have a grading system to evaluate your work . If you have made progress , we will certainly raise your salary . For beginners with a CPA certificate , they can earn at least ¥ 2 , 000 a month .
I hope you can show me your CPA certificate before we reach a decision by the end of July .
The same for me . We'll keep in touch with you .
What would you like to eat ?
Would you care for some soup ?
Do you like egg soup or mutton soup ?
Is there anything else ?
My goodness ! My silk dress is shrunk . How did you wash it ?
It should be handwashed with cold water . It's a common sense . Don't you know it ?
That's all right . Please ask me if you don't know how to do something next time . You can keep the silk dress if you don't mind . I think it fits you .
When do you go to bed usually ?
That's helpful for your health .
You are from Japan , aren't you ?
I love Japan a lot .
Let's go to another place where my friend is working , let me pay here .
Oh , I must be going now ; it was nice talking with you .
500 US dollars .
Have you watched today's news ?
Did you hear about last night's blackout ?
Some people went looting because of the blackout .
People decided to use the blackout to their advantage .
I guess they broke into about four stores .
There's no evidence of who it was .
Would you please bring me the black suit ? I want to try it on .
I think this suit fits perfectly .
Excuse me .
Could I have one more blanket ?
OK . I will .
I think I've looked everywhere , but I haven't seen a swimming pool here .
Swim stations ? Whoever heard of such a thing ?
All that exercise in a little pool ! Do I have to pay anything ?
Very good . Now can you tell me the hours of operation ?
Wow ! I can't wait to change into my trunks !
Thank you . You do me a big favor .
Can you tell me what's the time in London ?
Yes . I have to take a conference . Are you English ?
Do you know what time it is ?
Get in this door young man . It ’ s midnight , you are two hours past curfew .
I don ’ t care ! You are grounded for life , mister !
You know the rules and you broke them . No allowance and no TV for a week . I usually never ground you but this time I have to put my foot down !
See how many people are here !
Other than the employees , our boss Jack invited some friends of the company .
Of course not ! We have to sit at our assigned seats . I think our table is over there in the back .
Look who you get to sit next to--Tim from purchasing !
Don't worry . I'm also sitting next to you .
I can't wait until we get our year-end bonus !
You got our email with all the specifications for the project . We'll be accepting bids untill noon on Tuesday . If you have any questions between now and then , please let me know .
I understand . But unfortunately , it is our policy not to disclose our bottom line . You can be assured that price is a weighty consideration when we review the proposals . We also consider other elements , including design and practicality . We also give weight to the reputation of the submitting company .
So , Monica , how do you like your new office ?
That ’ s very good . I once turn down a job offer just because the office is awful .
Small rooms , small window , a small desk shared by three people . I would have been interrupted all the time and for sure not be able to deliver good work .
John , do you have a minute ?
Well , I ’ Ve been meaning to talk to you about the situation in the office .
That ’ s exactly what I ’ m getting at . We ’ re supposed to be able to do our preparation and marking in that office , but have you noticed ? Jack constantly has students coming in to get help with his course . A lot people are going in and out .
No , not yet , but someone ’ s going to have to .
No , of course not . But I ’ m not able to do my work and neither are you .
Oh , that would be too small .
Come to think of it , you may be on to something . Let ’ s go have a look .
Ok , let ’ s go through this one more time . I don ’ t want anymore ruined or dyed blouses !
Right . You have to turn it on and program it depending on what type of clothes you are washing . For example for delicates , you should set a shorter washing cycle . Also , be sure to use fabric softener and this detergent when washing .
Since this is a white t-shirt , you can just pour a little bit of bleach on it and it will do the trick .
No ! Since you are washing delicates and cotton , you should set the dryer to medium heat and for twenty minutes .
Why am I being arrested ?
I don't have a warrant .
I don't know what a bench warrant is .
I was never told to go to court .
This isn't fair .
What about my rights ?
Alright , tell me what you think about this one .
Yeah , maybe you're right . How about this outfit ?
No , I don't have any plans to go to a formal dance any time soon , but I love the way it looks . I just want to try it on ! What do you think about this ? It's casual , yet sophisticated .
How about this scarf , these earrings , and an anklet ?
That's a good idea . You have a lot of good fashion sense .
Yep . Here it is . What do you think ?
Who is Cindy ’ s husband ?
How many children do Cindy and Ron have ?
Do they have any grandchildren ?
Does their daughter get along well with her in-laws ?
Do they have a large family ?
What do you think are the qualities a nurse should have ?
What kind of medicines does the doctor usually prescribe to children who get high fever ?
I ’ d like to check in please .
Mr Harold Smith .
Yes , I am . That ’ s right .
Yes please . At 6.30 am .
Hello , is John in ?
Yes , would you leave him a message to call me ?
What can I do for you today ?
Do you remember where you got it ?
Counterfeit notes these days can be very sophisticated and difficult to spot with the naked eye . But I must warn you that if it does show to be a counterfeit I have no option but to confiscate it .
I want to lose some weight !
I have a yoga class tomorrow . Do you want to come with me ?
What are you going to do ?
Good , I am sure it will work if you can persist .
Yesterday I read hamlet.such a fantastic book !
So what brings you to my office today ?
How long has your tooth been bothering you ?
Have you injured your tooth in any way ?
Do you have a special kind of toothbrush that you like to use ?
Does it bother you when you eat something really sweet ?
so , tell me about your new house . How is it different to your old one ?
so , it ’ s a three-bedrooms detached house ?
what ’ s the kitchen like ? I know both you and your wife like to cook .
are the rooms nice and bright ?
do you have a balcony ?
you ’ re right on the edge of the city , aren ’ t you ? There can ’ t be much noise or traffic there . Is it easy to get into city centre ?
We were decorating and I ’ m going to ask some things .
Shall we need at one fifteen this Thursday ?
I can't seem to find the cereal aisle .
What breakfast foods ?
Oh , I think I know what you're talking about .
Could you tell me where the dishwashing detergent is ?
Oh , I didn't think of that .
Well , thank you very much .
Excuse me , Mr . Li . I have something to discuss with you .
I would really appreciate it if we could talk for a few minutes now . It's about the overtime you've asked me to put in .
I really can't work overtime . Because my husband has been ill recently , I must take care of him .
Waiter , can I have the bill please ?
We'd prefer separate checks .
The dinner is really rich .
I like the soy sauce chicken .
Hi , I Want a room , please .
Did you take the written test ?
Make sure to study first .
I'm sure you're ready .
No , it doesn't cost anything .
It skips around .
I thought it would be easy , but I didn't pass it .
Good evening ! This is Mr . Smith in room 609 .
I'm going to Shanghai early tomorrow morning . So I would like to request an early morning call .
I have to be at the conference room of the Garden Hotel in Shanghai by 10 o'clock . I think it will take me three hours to get there . It means that I'll have to be on the road before 7 o'clock at the latest .
Well , in that case , I would like you to wake me up at 5:45 .
John ? Can you come over here for a second ?
I need you to take a look at these samples . I think there are a few problems .
What's the matter with me , Doctor ? I feel so tired these days .
And what's the cause of that ?
But I can't just slow down .
You mean I've got to lose weight ?
Would you like me to type it for you ?
Not at all . I ’ ll be glad to do it .
Shall I write out again first ?
Can I print it ?
Hello . This is the Customer service . How can I help you ?
Sure . What ’ s your favorite number ?
I ’ m sorry . This number has already been registered .
This number is ok . It ’ s still available . When would you like your phone number changed ?
Sure .
Good afternoon , madam . Can I help you ?
OK . How do you like your money , madam ?
Good morning , sir .
How do you want it , sir ?
How about your sideburns ?
All right ... Tilt your head to the right , please .
Exactly five dollars .
Well , I'm glad I had a chance to see these samples , but I'm really not in a position to make a decision right now .
Yeah , why don't you do that , and then you can give me a call sometime next week .
Hi ! Do you know what's for dinner ? I'm starving !
Out ? What do you mean out ?
Dad and Mom ?
You mean this is going to be a regular thing ?
Has anyone told you about Jessica's party coming up ?
Is that right ? I already got my invitation from her earlier .
Are you even going to go ?
Exactly , it seems like it's going to be loads of fun .
The invitation says it starts at 8
I have no idea , she hasn't given out many though .
have you seen bill recently ?
daisy ’ s in hospital too . she got food poisoning last week . She thinks she got it from some bad seafood .
he ’ s fine , but he had a fever last week . He probably just had a cold .
I see . My niece just flew back from Australia to visit . She ’ s got jetlag now . she ’ s just resting today , but we ’ ll probably go out somewhere tomorrow .
oh , your hand is still sore . You should put some ointment on it to stop the swelling .
I would like to exchange Chinese money into German currency please .
How about 50,000 RIB . Would that be a problem ?
Ten percent ! Now that ’ s hefty !
Yes I do; here is my account number .
3,000 marks in hundreds and the rest in tens and twenty ’ s , please .
How was your self-help trip ?
Didn't you feel any jet lag from the change in time zones ?
Good morning , sir . May I help you ?
What do they look like ?
How tall are they ?
Do they look like roses ?
Oh , lilies of the valley . No , I am sorry . We are all out of them right now .
What about roses ?
As many as you like , sir . They are beautiful , aren't they ?
Good morning , welcome aboard .
Yes , you can use your cell phone during the boarding process until the aircraft door is closed .
The aircraft is equipped with onboard phones . They do not interfere with the communication and navigation of the aircraft .
Please tell me how to file things according to the concerned rules .
What are they ?
And what is the most important point ?
We are happy to have you with us . When could you start working ?
What about Next Monday ?
There's a car waiting for you just outside the door . Right this way , please .
Let me put your cases into the trunk and please get in the back .
How was your flight ?
We'll reach the Beijing hotel in another ten minutes . When we arrived there , you can go up and have a rest . The hotel has very good service , and it's considered as one of the best hotels here .
If it's convenient for you , Mr . Wu would like to invite you to the banquet in honor of you in the evening .
At six o'clock in the International Hotel . We'll pick you up this afternoon . Besides , if you care for visiting , we'll arrange some sightseeing for you .
We are free this afternoon , aren't we , Mr John ?
It's very kind of you , Mr John.the sightseeing trip between our business talk will be sort of our work division.business can be make for pleasure.what kind of exhibition we're going to see ?
Could you give more detail information about some of the industries you just mentioned ?
What the others ?
How about textile industry ?
That's surprising , three days ago when I went to yancheng store , I saw different kinds of textile goods . I've bought some for my wife , some for my friends.they seem very attractive .
I'm sure I'll enjoy seeing them.and will have more information of your city industry.what is more ? I'd like to visit if it is possible.the famous Goumi street in the city .
Let ’ s try to get out of the supermarket quickly .
What do we need ? Let ’ s make a list .
I want some pickles , oh , and we ’ re out of flour . Put that on the list , too .
Not that I can think of . Wait a second , we ’ re out of breakfast cereal . I think corn flakes are on sale . Get those .
Please point out the painful place with your finger . Is there any relation between the pain and the weather ?
Have you ever had any trauma ?
Does the pian become more intense at night ?
Do you have the sensation of ants crawling over the painful part ?
I'd like to treat you with acupuncture if you agree .
Acupuncture may cause just a little pain , but it also causes a certain feeling of numbness and distension.We ' ll try it every day for seven days.Will that be all right ?
Be quick . Put our bags in the deposit box .
I told you to hurry up a thousand times . You just put a deaf ear to it .
I surely did ! Ask the customer service counter if we can deposit our stuff there .
It's all your fault ! Now we can't get in shopping .
That sounds like a good idea !
What color do you want ?
Peter , wash your hands first , and then have some dessert .
Not today , Honey . Don't eat too much ice cream .
Will you be voting this year ?
This is going to be my first time voting .
I ’ m not sure what I ’ m doing .
I don ’ t know anything about the bills or laws they ’ re trying to pass .
Nobody told me that before .
I ’ m so glad you told me that .
Check the mirror . How do you like it ?
I think this one fits you . It's the new fashion style .
Have you finished that report yet ?
How much time do you need ?
Can I also take the MET to get there ?
No , can I trouble you to lend me a hand ?
You have to buy a ticket first . You want to go to Shi Da , right ?
Ok , then you need to go to Tai Power Building Station .
Look at the map to see where you are . Then look at where you want to go . The number is how much money you have to pay .
Then , when you have your ticket , you go wait on the platform .
Can I try this lipstick ?
Well , I don't quite like the smell .
I'm going to quit this job . It's way too stressful .
Good morning .
I'm not quite hungry now . Let me think for a while .
Ok , Ok . Toast and egg .
Morning , Madam . This is the window for Foreign Exchange Savings . How can I help you ?
That's fine . Is it a Time Deposit ?
Well , we offer 5 grades as standard
For 6 months we can offer you 0.59 % .
How are we going to get there ?
Hello ? This is Steven . I'd like to speak to Mr . Brown , please .
Then what time do you think he will be in ?
I'd like to leave a message . Please ask him to give me a call as soon as he returns . He has my number .
Thank you . Bye-bye !
Houston restaurant . Is there anything I can do for you ?
We open at 6:00 and take last orders at 10 :: 30 .
Good afternoon , Ladies . May I help you ?
Have you made a reservation ladies ?
One moment , please . I have to check if there are room available . I ’ m sorry ladies . We have only two double room available , but they are on different floors . Would you mind that ?
May I suggest family sweet ? You all just have a consolation .
It ’ s a big room with a king - size double bed and two single beds . You ’ Ve get also an roller-wheels .
2000 Hongkong dollars per night plus ten percent service charge and five percent government tax .
But , ladies , the room ’ s not yet ready . It will be delay about half an hour . Perhaps you can fill the registration form first . And rest at the lobby for a while . We ’ ll let you know when the room ‘ s ready .
Ladies , Hotel policy requires one nine of room charge as deposit .
Let's get down to business .
Yes . I have . I'm interested in your underwear . If the price is acceptable we would like to order it soon .
What's your price ?
That's a bit more than I was prepared to pay .
I offer you 110 yuan .
All right . I go up to 115 yuan , but not a penny more . Is that acceptable ?
Well , I'll accept the price and place an order for 10,000 pieces .
Are you married ?
How long have you been married ?
How many people are there in your family ?
Who are the members of your family ?
How are your stocks doing , Jim ?
Yeah . I lost money investing in the Internet , too .
I changed my strategy around too . I invest in good companies now .
No , what happened ?
How about 15 % the first six months and the second six months at 12 % with a guarantee of 3000 units ?
It's about the best we can do , Smith . We need to hammer something out today . If I go back empty-handed , I may be coming back to you soon to ask for a job .
Good . Let's iron out the remaining details . When do you want to take delivery ?
Let me run through this again , the first shipment for 1500 units to be delivered in 27 days by the 31 st .
Fine . But I'd prefer the first shipment to be 1000 units , the next 2000 . The 31 st is quite soon , I can't guarantee 1500 .
Good morning .
May I take your order ?
How would you like your egg ?
Good evening . Can I help you ?
Just a moment , please . Oh , yes . One twin and one single . Is that right ?
Well , I ’ d like to have my coat to order.Will you take my measurements ?
Make it after the present fashion , please.What if it does not fit ?
When can I expect to have it ?
How can I help you ?
What's your name ?
Ok . Which facial would you like ? We have five different kinds of facials .
Well , since it's summer and it looks like you've had quite a bit of sun , I'd recommend our summer special . It's especially suited for individuals with sensitive skin .
The facial will start with a thorough cleansing .
Yes . The stimulation mask promotes blood flow and will firm up the skin . You can also choose to either get a hand or back massage as well .
Yes . We'll also apply some of our special day cream that will moisturize our skin and protect it from the sun .
We finally get a chance to meet .
It's no problem .
Is there something wrong ?
I'm glad to hear it .
You don't have anything bad to say about her ?
I am so happy that she's doing okay .
Could you tell me something about investment environment of your country ?
Well , what about price ?
Good afternoon , madam . How can I help you ?
First of all , we'll tailor a work-out plan according to your physical conditions and your personal needs .
Well , we give each of our customers a qualified personal trainer . The trainer will give you a fitness assessment and then come up with the work-out plan .
Since everyone is different , your personal trainer will help you find out all the exercise equipments that are suitable for you fitness level . Then you'll be taught all the necessary techniques to use these equipments and achieve your goal .
That depends . We offer membership for one month , half a year and one year .
Wise decision . that is 400 yuan . You'll find it's totally worth it .
Watch out ! You're too close to the fire place .
Really ? That's wonderful !
Not at all .
Excuse me . Is flight KL638 late ?
Oh , my god . If this flight is late . I will for Sydney.What can I do now ?
Can I help you find something ?
Is there one in particular that you like ?
Ah yes , that is a great refrigerator .
It's both affordable and it comes with all the appliances .
It comes with an ice maker , water dispenser , and there is a lot of room inside .
Be my guest .
You must be pretty excited about your trip to Europe . When is it that you are leaving ?
Like what ?
You are not going to give it up , are you ?
I don ’ t blame you . Perhaps you could sublet it .
Mmm ... let me think . Oh , I know just a person . An old colleague of mine , Jim Thomas , is coming here to do some research this summer , from June to August .
Tell you what , I ’ ll be calling Jim late this week anyway , so I ’ ll mention it to him then .
I like chess better than xiangqi . And you ?
I think chess is more reasonable . You see , each side has eight pawns , a larger number than that of the soldiers in xiangqi . A true battle should be like that . Soldiers should outnumber the commanders .
Correct ! Another contrast is the rules for the general and the king . It seems the general or marshal in xiangqi is much too incompetent . They are required to stay in the palace , waiting to be checked and fleeing for life under the cover of the guards . Look at the king in chess , he is much more capable .
There's another distinctive contrast . Both board games use a total of 32 pieces , but xiangqi is played on a 9 - by - 9 board , bigger than the 8 - by - 8 board used in chess .
Well , what about this two-bedroom apartment ? The listing says it's right in the heart of the city , just steps from the metro .
It says it's $ 1600 . But if you share it with another person , that's only $ 800 per month .
Professor wang can I ask a few questions ?
What is the tariff ?
Why does the government levy the tariff ?
Anything else .
Oh , I know . Thank you . Professor wang .
I want to make a reservation under the name of William Smith .
Around 12:00 .
No , we have five persons .
How about we go to the flea market today ?
Me , too . There are so many cheap but nice things .
Honey , please forgive me . There is lots of work to do . So , I forget your birthday .
How have you been doing lately ?
Is there some reason why you can ’ t get enough sleep ?
When do you turn in for the night ?
Do you have a lot on your mind when you try to go to sleep ?
Do you ever meditate or read before bedtime ?
Something's wrong with my computer .
My computer won't turn on .
I'm not sure I understand what you mean .
Is that what's stopping my computer from turning on ?
I had no idea .
I'll try it right now .
Why are you arresting me ?
What kind of warrant ?
What is that ?
I never went to court .
This is unfair .
I have rights , don't I ?
Have you begun cleaning up that room of yours ?
What time are you going to clean it up ?
I told you to clean it up earlier .
Make sure you vacuum and dust your room .
I don't want you to leave until you clean up .
I'd like to cancel my reservation on flight MS701 to Warsaw on the 23rd.My name is Michael .
No , thanks .
I've got a headache and sore throat .
It all started the day before yesterday .
What should I do ?
Drop me at the Manhattan Post Office .
Oh , I'm visiting a friend there .
I really just have two problems with this .
I ’ m concerned about your lack of marketing experience and , frankly , your age , you ’ re pretty new at all this .
Hi there , Philip . How ’ s everything going ?
I don ’ t blame you . You ’ Ve had a busy first week . Take a rest !
Ms . Montgomery ? Do you have a moment ?
I ’ m a bit upset about this year ’ s bonus . I was really expecting a little more . Are there any problems with my work ?
Show me your passport , please .
How long are you staying in Britain ?
Excuse me , can you tell me how to apply for a visa to America ?
And what should I do next ?
How long will I wait for ?
What's the fee for application ?
Thank you very much .
Are you here for the position advertised in China Daily ?
What kind of information would you like ?
Yes , it's still open .
Oh , we need your resume , health report , three photographs and several letters of recommendation . Would you please send them to us by next Wednesday ?
Would you please recommend some Chinese wine ?
That's great ! What comes along with Moutan ?
It sounds good .
Really ? Let me have a try .
No-no-no , sorry ! That's a handicapped parking space . Are you handicapped ?
Sorry , but you'll have to park in a normal space .
Be patient , miss . It'll just be a second .
I received an E-mail from mother today .
She missed us and asked when we would go back home .
I don't know . Maybe next week . We haven't been to the Great Wall yet .
Mr Jacobs ! Lovely to see you again ! What can I do for you today ?
What a thoughtful granddad ! Do you have her account details with you ?
Great . Please fill them out on this deposit slip .
That's right . How much do you want to pay in ?
Not just a thoughtful granddad , but a generous one too .
Good morning . Please come into my office .
I see that you have some impressive writing experience .
Have you a bus tour round the city ?
Day tour . How much does that cost ?
Is lunch included ?
I haven ’ t seen you in a while . How have you been ?
Well , I ’ m hanging in there , but I lost my job and need to find another one quickly .
I am just trying to find something that will pay the bills until this bad economy passes by .
No , I haven ’ t been out on one interview yet .
I think that I might be interested in that position .
Are you ready to order now , sir ?
How would you like the steak , rare , medium , or well-done ?
Would you like something to drink ?
There have been too many unplanned shutdowns over the past few months . We'll have to make a few changes to the way we operate . We need to reduce our downtime .
Good afternoon .
I've got this important letter to send to Hainan . Can I send it by registered mail ?
How much will I have to pay ?
Here are the letter and the money .
Is it overweight ?
All right . Here is the money .
What shall I do with the receipt ?
Thank you .
Excuse me , sir .
Is this your car ?
I'm afraid you've parked on a double yellow line , sir .
I'm sorry , sir , but I'll have to give you a ticket .
Hello , this is ABC Corporation . May I help you ?
Yes , but do you have any experiences as a sales manager ?
That sounds fine . Please give me your name and phone numbers . I ’ ll set up an appointment for an interview for you . It will most likely be in a couple of days . Is it all right for you ?
Hello , I ’ d like a return to Xi ’ an please .
Tomorrow .
How much is the soft sleeper ?
Can I help you ?
Do you want it with everything ?
All right . You have a hamburger without mustard . Anything else ?
OK . Here you are .
Hello , Pratt . How was your interview yesterday ?
I am sorry to tell you that I have lost the opportunity .
Yes , I know I am excellent , but I pay no attention to the etiquette you ’ Ve told me .
When I entered the room , I forgot to close the door . Later , I couldn ’ t help smoking , you know I am a heavy-smoker . What ’ s more , I forgot to polish my shoes . There is some dirt on it .
Yes , I know . And next time I must make good preparations .
Have you heard who got elected ?
Our new President is John McCain .
I was just as shocked when I found out .
The people have spoken .
If you don ’ t like that , then you ’ re probably going to be mad at what I tell you next .
I was just joking , and Obama is our new President .
Good coming , Sir .
Where would you like to go ?
Here we are .
Nine pounds twenty .
Thank you . Sir
This is the White Rose Restaurant.May I help you ?
What time , sir ?
May I have your name please ?
We have received many bookings.But we'll try our best .
I was inquiring about a bill that I never got .
The bill was for my Master Card .
It never came in the mail .
I have not gotten my bill , so what should I do about that ?
If it is the post office's fault , may I have an extension on my bill ?
Thank you for all your help .
Carrie , I want to buy a pair of leather shoes to wear for the interview tomorrow .
Good idea . Let's go . Where should we go ?
Good morning , Felix Wasserman Associates . Beth Jennings speaking .
Hello , Mr Hong . What can I do for you ?
That's great ! That was quick , after it not being there yesterday I wasn't expecting to hear from you for a while .
Hello , this is Catharine from Thomson Company . Can I speak to Mr . Wang ?
Yes . Please tell him that he is expected to have an interview with the CEO of ABC company tomorrow morning at 10:00 .
Do you have the same in different sizes ? The trousers are too long for me .
Will the trousers shrink when washed ?
Mark , you really did a good job .
You must have spent much time on the project .
Your project made much profit for the company . And the board of directors decided to give you a bonus .
Excuse me , sir , this is the express check-out lane for people that have fifteen items or fewer . It looks like you have more than fifteen items there .
Fine ! Please place your items on the belt and push your shopping cart through . Do you prefer paper or plastic ?
No problem , I ’ ll take those . Sir , these coupons expired yesterday .
Do you have a club card or will it be cash ?
Will this be debit or credit ?
Excuse me . Does this hotel have a fitness facility ?
Where is your fitness facility located ?
Is there an additional surcharge for the gym ?
What time is the gym open , and what time does it close ?
Do you offer trainer services along with the gym ?
What is your long-term goal in this career ?
What would you do to achieve that ?
Good morning . Craftsman Company . Can I help you ?
You must have dialed the wrong number .
Sorry . This is 321-9887 .
Good morning , sir , where are you going ?
When is your flight ?
We are checking in . May I have your ticket ? And your health certificate and your luggage , please .
Are you keeping this small bag as carry-on luggage , sir ?
You must weigh that as well .
Your luggage is two pounds over , I am afraid there'll be an excess luggage charge , sir .
It's 10 yuan .
This is your luggage check , which you must show when you disembark at your destination , and here is your boarding pass and your ticket .
Now please wait until your flight is called . There are about twenty-five minutes to go .
Excuse me . I am looking for a book called Little Women , but I can't find it anywhere .
Will you have it later ?
What is the proper way to handle a napkin at dinner ?
How about at a formal dinner ?
My friend Emily recently lost 18 pounds .
The point is that she has been persuading me to lose weight too .
Good ? Yes , it's good for her but not for me . You see , she tells me that I'll feel better about myself if I slim down . She keeps giving me newspaper clippings about the latest miracle diet and insists that I join a health club , as she has .
I just can't bear it that Emily made me feel like a baby who always pigs out on junk food .
But junk food is so easy . It requires no silverware or plates , no rigid mealtimes , no pleases and thank yous .
Yes , but life without chips , ice cream and coca cola is boring .
Good morning , I'd like to open a savings account . Can you tell me on how to go about it ?
I have my passport with me , a driver ’ s license and a membership card . Will they do ?
What ’ s the minimum amount I can deposit in an account ?
Do you have any experience working with a computer ?
What kind of software can you use ?
Do you have any other computer qualifications ?
Do you know how to use a PC to process the management information ?
Do you like coffee , Ann ?
Do you want a cup ?
Do you want any sugar ?
Do you want any milk ?
Do you like biscuits ?
Do you want one ?
Look , Dad , many people are doing morning exercises here .
Really ? You were so happy then .
Daddy , don't mention it .
Dad , I'd like to take a picture with the status .
Daddy , we can't have a photo of the whole family . We can take one here .
I really like the apartment , but I was wondering if I could change some things .
I would like to have different carpet .
How much more would it cost ?
While I am at it , would it be possible to switch paint colors ?
When can my apartment be painted and ready to go ?
Where do these flower vases come from ?
Are they breakable ?
what's your favourite steps ?
how about rock and roll 。
and can you dance tango ?
don't be so modest . i am sure you can dance it very well . then i'll see you at six . is that all right ?
Mr . Smith , I'm wondering whether you have found a way of considering my offer ?
You see . I made what I consider to be a reasonable offerbased upon the rise in production costs and the continued fall in the exchange rate of Australian Dollar to U . S . Dollar .
I understand .
I think the best way I can do is to reduce our price by 2 % and I should think we could conclude a deal at $ 98 .
Your legal department is very good at these things . We can trust them with the drafting of the agreement .
Very agreeable , Mr . Smith . It will only take me a minute to sign it and send it back to you .
Hi , I come to pick up my laundry . This is the invoice .
I'm afraid that a button is missing .
OK , please .
Well , oh my God , there is another problem , I'm afraid . There is still a stain on the shirt .
It's been several days now , I am not sure .
Oh , that's so bad . I know little about that . Is there a remedy for it ?
OK , I will .
Thanks a lot .
Hi . Can you give me a wake-up call tomorrow ?
I need two wake-up calls , if you don't mind , one at 7 and the other at 7 fifteen .
On second thought , you'd better make that second call at 7 thirty instead of 7 fifteen .
No , that gets it for now , thank you .
Hello , Steven . Can you do me a favor ?
My car has broken down .
I have done it . But now I have an urgent appointment to keep . Could you drive me to the subway station ?
I'd like to order room service to room 202 , please ,
I'd like two sandwiches and one green fruit salad , please .
No . Could you also get some extra towels and soup too ? We went to the pool today and used up our two clean towels .
Just put in on with the rest of my hotel bill .
Paul , is this Paul , isn't it ?
Small world , isn't it ?
Please take a seat .
Now what can I do for you ?
Fine , but first I need some information about you .
Well , first of all , your name . What's your surname ?
And your other names ?
Have you got your e-mail address ?
How old are you ?
Where were you Bron ?
Are you married or single ?
And what was your last job ?
Room service , can I help you ?
What would you like to order ?
Okay . I ’ ll have them brought to your room right away .
I made an appointment for a perm at 3 o'clock .
Thank you .
Yes , with the LUX dandruff shampoo . It helps a lot to get rid of my dandruff .
I'd like a permanent wave . By the way , do you have any picture of the latest hairstyle ? I ' Ve been in this style for so long that I want a change this time .
I prefer this kind of style . Can you make it for me ?
You won't believe what just happened .
I went down to change some money , right ?
I wanted to change around 5000 dollars . And you know the exchange rate .
Not today .
I went into the bank with my money , and I looked at the exchange board.At first I couldn't believe it . I thought I was reading the board wrong or something .
Because the board said 60 pesos for every Taiwan dollar .
I thought it was wrong too . It didn't make sense .
So , I went up to the teller and started to exchange the money . And it's true.They really gave me sixty pesos for the dollar .
My stomach's growling again !
Just a little steak , uh ... snack ? A bowl of clam chowder ?
You're right . But if I get too thin , my mom will make me go to the hospital again .
You know . Soup , well , society makes us like this .
Well , thin is always " in " with the media .
if you aren't thin , you're nobody .
You lost me .
Yeah , but that's human nature .
Good morning . I ’ m Mickey Huang , I have an appointment with Mr wilson .
That's right . My appointment is for 11 o'clock .
Thank you .
have you finished going through the contract ?
Ok . Ask away .
yes , employees can take up to 10 days of sick leave per year . However , in order to get paid , you ’ ll have to bring in a note from the doctor ’ s .
that ’ s correct .
well , we ’ Ve had to add that to the contract because we found that many of our employees were taking almost one sick day a month , even though they weren ’ t sick .
do you have any other questions ?
we do actually . We can add that as an amendment to your contract .
men are allowed to take 10 days of paternity leave for their first child .
well , women are the ones giving birth . I think it ’ s fair to give them more time , don ’ t you ?
Would you like to order now ?
Please let me point out the chef's special , which is blackened catfish .
We are always happy to adjust our cooking to meet your needs .
The cashew broccoli noodles or the cheese and veggie enchiladas would be an excellent choice .
Would you like your salad brought to you with your entree , or would you like it served now ?
Hello . May I help you ?
That one is one hundred and fifty dollars .
That ’ s one hundred and forty .
This is an exclusive design by marco ! It ’ s a bargain at that price .
Okay , okay , how about one hundred dollars ?
Okay , I can give you a special discount , just because you seem like a nice person . One hundred and ninety dollars for both .
my final price ! One hundred dollars for both ! That ’ s two for the price of one . That ’ s my last offer !
So , where is this bus supposed to take us ?
Well , don't you know for sure ?
Are you sure we got on the right bus ?
This place doesn't look like Altadena .
Read one of the street signs or something .
That's the last time I'm trusting you with the transportation .
Welcome , sir . May I help you ?
No problem . Actually , we have some great packages . The most exciting season of Hawaii is now . How about a relaxing vacation in Hawaii ?
Yes . There will be one at the end of this month . For many people , a Hawaiian vacation promises languid days filled with sunbathing and poolside cocktails . For others , it ’ s all about non-stop action in one of the world's most extreme natural playgrounds . Whether you are in search of quiet relaxation or unbridled stimulation , Hawaii gives you the best of both .
15 days . The transportation by air will take five days .
Sir , let's do it step by step . First , we will visit over 25 different places . Most of the places are in Hawaii ’ s Big Island . We will stay in Arlott ’ s Lodge
Well , right now there's a special rate for 40,000 RIB for this package , including everything such as airline ticket , tour guides , hotels and food . All you have to do is to sign up and we will take care of everything .
Sure . By the way , this special price is only good through the end of the week .
Yes , sir . It will be a great pity !
Why do you want to take the police to court ?
They did ?
I thought they let you go .
They made you spend the night at the station ?
What was their reason for arresting you ?
I see .
Your teacher has left you not very much homework this weekend .
Hi , excuse me , Sir ? I ’ m looking for a dress shoe . My usual pair that I ’ Ve had for years have finally been stretched out of shape . They don ’ t provide any support anymore .
Show me some classic high heels , please .
Black . Classic .
Umm . too shiny . And I wear pantyhose with my shoes so let ’ s look for a closed-toe shoe .
I don ’ t like the pointed toes . Let me take a look at what else you have . Too high . That one looks like the back would cut into my heel . I have a high instep so I doubt that one will fit properly . I don ’ t want bows . I find slingbacks very uncomfortable . Those might as well be stilettos . Too modern . Ah , finally , this is what I ’ m looking for .
Seven-and-a-half .
Hmmm.Not good . They ’ re too tight.The length is right , but the shoe is too narrow and it ’ s pinching my toes . And there ’ d be no room for my insoles . You know what ? I don ’ t think I have the patience for this today . They just don ’ t make shoes like they used to . I ’ ll come back another time .
What can I do for you ?
OK . This way , please .
We've particularly busy on Sunday . Please sit here . How do you wish it cut ?
It's a long time since you had a haircut last time , isn't it ?
How long ago ?
Shall we share a taxi ?
I want to go back to my college on the Huanghe road . It is very close to your house .
That's the one .
Yeah . If we share the cab , it'll be cheaper . Besides that your Chinese is better than mine . The drivers usually have difficulty understanding me even though I practice my pronunciation carefully .
Hello . May I help you ?
Don ’ t worry , we ’ ll try to help you . Will you please fill out this form ?
This is for registration . After you have given us your personal details , we'll match these against new jobs as they come in . And we ’ ll contact you when there is a job that suits you .
Maybe several weeks , maybe several months . It's hard to tell .
Actually , many jobs are filled by people who select vacancies from the display boards there .
My advice is to keep looking for jobs yourself . Check the job boards at the job center regularly and check the newspapers daily . If you have friends or relatives here , ask them for help , too .
How are you doing today ?
I'm absolutely lovely , thank you .
I haven't been better . How about yourself ?
Where are you going to school ?
How do you like it so far ?
I wish you luck .
All right then , Ms . Montgomery . I ’ ll get those plans over to your office by Thursday afternoon .
That ’ s what I was thinking . I ’ ll have them there by Thursday .
Great . My favorite-soup , soup , soup ...
Blow my nose ?
No , please , Mom ! Don't make me gargle with saltwater !
What a nice garden ! Look at these tulips !
All right . Would you please stand closer to the flower bed ? Good . Smile . Say " cheese " . OK , got you . That's terrific .
No problem .
Do you know how to set up the timer ?
OK , let's have a try .
Did it come out ?
Never mind . Let's go to the falls and try again .
Now we have settled the terms of payment . Is it possible to effect shipment during September ?
Then when is the earliest we can expect shipment ?
That's too late . You see , November is the season for this commodity in our market , and our Customs formalities are rather complicated .
Besides , the flow through the marketing channels and the red tape involved take at least a couple of weeks . Thus , after shipment it will be four to five weeks altogether before the goods can reach our retailers . The goods must therefore be shipped before October ; otherwise we won't be in time for the selling season .
Mr . Brown , you certainly realize that the time of delivery is a matter of great importance to us . If we place our goods on the market at a time when all other importers have already sold their goods at profitable prices , we shall lose out .
That's too bad , but I sincerely hope you will give our request your special consideration .
But can't you find some way to get round your producers for an earlier delivery ? Make a special effort , please . A timely delivery means a lot to us .
Good morning , sir . How may I help you ?
Certainly , sir . Would you like to open a time deposit savings account or a checking account ?
No problem , sir . What sort of time deposit account would you like to open ?
Is there anything I can do for you ?
What about this one ? It's the latest .
Fancy seeing you here 。 Lily .
How's everything going ?
Johnny , I want to thank you .
Oh , Johnny , that stuff was dollar store junk . No , I want to thank you for keeping Grandma busy .
I know , and normally she's trying to tell me how to clean my house . So , thank you .
Where do you usually do your shopping , Mrs . Lane ?
How do you find the prices there ?
I see you have bought some coffee.Would you mind telling me how much you paid for it ?
Hey honey , how was your day ?
Why ? What happened ?
Yeah , you ’ re right . We aren ’ t getting any younger and our kids are getting older .
Sounds good , although , do you think we can qualify for insurance ? Those insurance companies are real pirates when it comes to money .
I wish our company or country provided us with healthcare .
Is everything all right ?
What's the problem ?
What do you mean ?
He didn't hurt you , did he ?
I'm so sorry .
Let me take you .
Repair service , how may I help you ?
How old is your phone ?
The wire in your phone might have gotten rusty . Could you bring your phone into our office ? We'll clean it for you .
We're located at 132 West Street .
From 9A . M . to 5 P . M .
Good morning . Do I need an appointment ?
Thank you .
I've been wearing my hair long for years , but now I'd like to try some kind of modern style . What do you suggest for a woman like me , that is , with hair like mine ?
I hope so . I'm really tired of this old-fashioned style that I've been wearing .
Yes , if you think it will help .
It's great ! Will it be hard to care for ?
Anything I can do for you ?
It's on the third floor .
Wow , what a cool car ! The styling of this car really appeals to me .
I want to buy it . How much does this car cost ?
You can tell me here . I just want to know the price .
I appreciate your help , but I think I'll look around a bit .
I think that 30000 yuan would be fair for this car .
Can't you make it cheaper ? I still can't afford the car .
O . K . So , where do you think we can save more money ?
Yeah , that ’ s a good idea , and you like to cook . What about the books ?
Come on , if we save more money we can retire earlier , and you ’ ll actually have time to read all those books you buy .
O . K . Let ’ s compromise , if you agree to only spend $ 75 on books , I ’ ll agree to only spend $ 40 for my next shirt .
I was meaning to ask you if you saw the basketball game on Friday .
It was a great game .
Our team played hard and won .
It was the best game ever .
The other team lost by three points , 101-98 .
It really was . You should've gone .
morning , Mr . Emory . I was hoping to set up an appointment with you for sometime this week .
Fine , Mr . Emory . Would next Monday at 4:00 o ’ clock be all right for you ?
The time has come to say goodbye .
I feel that way , too . But all good things must come to an end , as they say .
I've had a delightful time and I really appreciate your spending so much time showing me the sights .
You'll be out to see me next year , as you promised ?
What's today's special ?
Benter's Books .
We have several hundred in stock .
Where is that ?
( while driving ) Are you in a hurry ?
We'll make it except a jam.You know it's rush hour .
I'll do my best .
Do you have small bills ?
Kids are always difficult to control .
Would you care for a cup of tea before your meal ?
How about some Oolong tea ? It's very popular with our guests .
Here is the document you asked for this morning .
You ’ re welcome . You know , these days I have been reflecting on my biggest weakness procrastination . The more I think about it , the more I hate myself for being so disorganized . I decided to change the situation as soon as possible . Otherwise I will be more regretful later .
The most useful method is to make plans and set priorities . It helps me to manage time well and get the most important things done at the first place .
I take care of the letters . I may read , sort out and organize incoming mails .
Yes , except the personal mail . And I also need to prepare the materials for posting and check the e-mail box regularly .
I'd like to send this parcel to Spain , please .
Well , how long will it take if I send it by surface mail ?
Oh , dear . It won't get there for New Year's Day if I send it by surface mail . How much will it cost if I send it by air ?
Excuse me , what's the screen near your steering wheel for ?
Oh , that's new to me . So what's on everyday ?
Is there anything interesting ?
I agree . Are there any commercials on the TV ?
That makes a lot of sense . Does the TV work well ?
I got it . Do you pay for the programs ?
It is a little bit expensive , but it's worth it .
It can also entertain your passengers like me .
Hello , ABC company .
Just a moment . I am sorry . At the moment , he is out of the office . Would you like to leave your number ? When he comes back , I will tell him to call you back .
Hey Ted , I saw this ad in the paper . You should take a look .
It ’ s for a job . It looks perfect for you .
Come on , what have you got to lose ?
Here , I ’ ll help you type one up .
Have you made up your mind ?
We have roast chicken , grilled chicken , chicken curry and chicken chops .
Good afternoon . Welcome to China . May I see your passport , customs and health declaration form ?
Thank you . What's your occupation , Mr . Smith ?
You are here on business , aren't you ?
I see . Do you have anything to declare ?
Would you please fill out this currency declaration form ? It's a record of the foreign currency you have brough in .
Have you got a minute ?
What can I do for you ?
What kind do you want to open ?
Do you have an account opened with this bank already ?
You can always transfer money from that account into your new one .
How much money do you want to transfer ?
I ’ ll do that right now .
Excuse me , I'm lost . Can you show me where I am in this map ?
That's great ! It's not my day . I just have very bad sense of direction .
I am supposed to go to Liu Ichang .
Yes . Yes . Can you tell me how to get there ?
Most of our customers are foreigners . How many foreign languages can you speak , Elizabeth ?
And how well can you speak them ?
And how about your Spanish ?
I see . Well , we have a lot of Spanish customers , but you wouldn't need to write any Spanish here .
We are on our way . I think our first stop is Buckingham Palace .
And here is Buckingham Palace ! Look , isn't it beautiful ? It is much bigger than I imagined .
Yes we are going towards Westminster Abbey . I can see it now ! Look to your right .
This is amazing . I'm glad we decided to take this bus tour . So where next ?
Yes . It is just round the corner . Oh , can you see the London Eye ? Look straight and to your right .
This is Lambeth Bridge . We will then loop back and cross the river again on Westminster Bridge .
Excuse me , but I ’ m a bit lost here . Where does this street lead to ?
So is it the right way to the City Hall ?
Is there a train leaving for Philadelphia ?
May I buy a ticket here at the station ?
Where ?
May I help you ?
Oh , that's a really good buy ... Here . There's only one left .
Sure , if you show me your passport .
Mom , Dad ! Can you come to my room ? I think there is something under my bed !
Have you been registered yet , sir ?
Are you a medical or surgical case ?
Do you have your medical history sheet with you ?
Please fill in this admission card . Well , how long do you expect to stay in the hospital ?
But there're no beds available now . Two patients will be discharged this afternoon , so you'll have to wait until then .
I'd like to open an account please .
Savings , please .
That's great ! We made 20 minutes earlier .
Mom , you are the best !
Mom , come on . What are you thinking about ?
Don't tell me you want me to do that ?
But I don't like playing the piano . And the homework keeps me busy enough .
I think my car can run much faster than yours .
... So what I think we need to do is ( XXXXXXXXXX ) finish on time .
Oh , OK , I said ( XXXXXXXXXX ) on time .
( XXXXXXXXXX )
( XXXXXXXXXX ) but I don ’ t think you can hear us . ( XXXXXXXXXX ) Hello ? ( XXXXXXXXXX )
Mary , this company is pretty good . I really want to have an interview .
Not yet . Do I have to ?
Why ?
Yes , you are right .
Sure . Why didn't I think of that ?
Then how can I make the appointment ?
Ok , I see .
Hi , I'm checking in . The last name is Rama .
Actually , no . It should be a suite . I had booked a non-smoking king .
That's okay . I'm here a little early . Is it possible to check in right now ?
Here it is .
Oh , just one .
No , I'm fine . Thanks .
Why do you want to work in our company ?
Can you tell me something about the balance sheet now ?
Will you be voting ?
I already have .
I mailed in an absentee ballot .
I can ’ t vote on Tuesday .
I have to go to work .
I need to take care of some business that morning .
How ’ s everything with you today ?
What can I do for you ?
Do you know which account you want to take the money from ?
Where are you transferring the money to ?
How much ?
Will that be all ?
Hello , Mr . Hao . I am calling to tell you that you are not selected as our employee . Sorry .
Maybe . But you should not withdraw forever just because you failed once .
Good afternoon . Thank you for the opportunity to interview for this position .
Actually , I am very familiar with the area so there was absolutely no problem .
I am interested in switching fields .
I am good at pulling together teams of people to accomplish a task .
I am impatient with myself at times and am hard on myself .
Is there anything I can do for you ?
Well , that's really a big city . How long do your vacations last ?
Good evening .
Let me check the list . Yes , we do have a reservation under Mr . Tim .
It doesn't matter . Follow me , please . What do you think of the table in the center of the dining room ?
I'm sorry , but you see , all the tables by the window are small , with up to 4 seats .
Thank you for your understanding , Mr . Tim .
Excuse me , Miss . The total works wrong . What are these extra charges ?
Well . What's this 138 dollars charge then ?
Welcome to Adventure Tours . How may I help you ?
Excellent ! Our company has more than ten years of experience in the adventure tourism and sports field . Let me show you some options . This is our most popular choice , our river guides will take you
Well , in that case , we can take you hang gliding with one of our experienced instructors . It ’ s the closest you can get to flying .
Mmm . OK . Well , why don ’ t you tell me a little bit more about what you would like ? We have everything from mountain biking , to rock climbing to street luge .
I have the perfect option , this package will take you on a hiking trip through the Himalayas for three days and afterwards there ’ s a dog sledding journey !
Honey , could you help me here a minute ?
I want to put this curtain up .
Let's go !
Did you like the Chanel bag that I got ?
I bought it on eBay . It was only one-tenth of the original price . And the purchase was so easy .
Well , it came with a certificate , and it looks real . But auctioning on eBay is risky .
Yeah , but you guys don't stay with the same classmates all day , right ?
So , you sent out invitations to your whole graduating class ?
I thought homecoming was a high school dance .
Good afternoon , anything I can do for you ?
Well , we have some nice sugar .
Don't you think all of the money goes to the ads and we have nothing to read .
You didn ’ t show up in the morning meeting . What ’ s up ?
But you still look a little bit tired . What time did you leave ?
That ’ s normal after a tense work evening . Working overtime is not always a pleasant experience for me either . Once , I worked overtime everyday for a whole week including the weekend . That really broke my rhythm and I got a little sick later .
Hello . I need to speak with Allan Cartwright .
I certainly hope so , I am about to stop doing business with your office .
Carlo's Kitchen .
For four , And may I have your name ?
Are there any special unemployment forms I need to fill out ?
Do you know where I can find the application form ?
What records will I have to show to apply for unemployment benefits ?
Is there anything else I will need to provide ?
Do I need to do anything else after I turn in the application ?
I'd like to try the chef's special .
I am on a diet . Do you have a vegetarian menu ?
What is my ideal weight ?
How can I avoid injuring myself during exercise ?
Sir , tell us about your experience with Super Bulk-up .
Tell us how .
And now ?
Did you hear something ?
It is a good habit to set your cell phone to vibrate . It is very annoying to hear the loud and sudden ring tone in quiet offices .
Maybe we can write a report to the boss to see what can be done .
Hey , Benjamin , have you finished your report on the project ?
What ? Man , you don't know how to write a project report ? That's sounds a little bit ridiculous .
Oh , sorry , I've totally forgotten that you are a workaholic .
First is your final conclusion on your work of this year , and then comes your plan for the next year .
Let me see , no , you have to include more details about your final conclusion , for example , your experiences in dealing with some emergent events .
And only that doesn't make a perfect one , you also have to pay attention to the format of the report .
I'm sorry . There isn't . Because different people have to write different kinds of reports .
Did you hear anything about the robbery ?
Really ?
What did you see ?
I can't believe it .
What happened next ?
Did he get caught ?
Excuse me , do you sell apples ?
Do you sell them individually or by weight ?
Could you weigh these , please ?
A sack of cherries , please .
Are you ready to leave ?
Can I help you , sir ?
Please take a seat . Do you need a shampoo ?
$ 10 .
The total charge is $ 15 .
Well , what shampoo do you prefer ?
( 5 minutes later ) What sort of hairstyles do you like ?
I think a crew cut is the most suitable for you .
I was looking for the Resume Writing Workshop .
I am not really sure that I remember how to even put a resume together .
How do we get started ?
Then what ?
Could I list my interests and special skills next ?
Bell Captain . May I help you ?
Certainly , sir . How much luggage do you have ?
Are you doing the job the way I suggested ?
Have you obtained any certificate of technical qualifications or license ?
How many years have you had the driver's license ?
That's good . What special skills do you have , can you tell me ?
What computer languages have you learned ?
Have you gotten any special training in programming ?
Hello , Peace Hotel .
A moment , please . I'll check our room availability for these days ... Yes , that's all right.What ' s your name please ?
I'm sorry , your visa has expired .
I'm afraid you'll need to have your visa extended before we can have you check in .
I have a reservation for a single with a bath .
What's the room rate ? It's little expensive for me.Do you have any other room ?
May I see the room ? I'll take this room . Is the rate for a room only ?
What's your apartment like ?
What is it like living in on-campus housing ?
Did you have to pay a deposit ?
Do you have to pay utilities on top of your monthly rent ?
How long is your contract for ?
Have you started looking yet ?
Which service offered by your bank do you use most ?
Do you ever ask you bank for traveller ’ s cheques ? They are much safer than carrying lots of cash around .
Do you use your bank to pay your utility bills ? I use direct debit .
That ’ s good idea . You don ’ t need to worry about missing an issue of a magazine if you do that . I suppose you have a mortgage too .
I have a deposit account with my bank . There are some restrictions on withdrawing money , but the interest rate is much higher .
Are you married ?
How long have you been married ?
How many people are there in your family ?
Who are the members of your family ?
Hello , this is IBA Bank . Maria speaking , how may I help ?
Not a problem . Which loan was it you were interested in ? Sorry , I must ask , because the interest rates can depend on the type of loan you apply for .
One of our most popular ! The usual interest rate is fixed by the PBC . That is The People's Bank of China . But of course , with some loans , credit rating and loan amount come into play , too .
That is correct .
I'm going to the shops in a minute . What do we need ?
No problem . We also need bread , so I'll go to the baker's . I'll get some vol au vents for Victor's birthday bash on Friday . We'll need balloons for that too .
Okay . The library's beside the baker's . I'd better take back the videos we borrowed last week . They're overdue .
Good morning , Madam . What can I do for you ?
Do you have an appointment ?
Ah , yes , Ms Reeve . I have all of your information here . Do you have the cash cheque ?
I'm sorry Ms Reeve , it says 45,000 RIB here .
Good afternoon . How can I help you ?
Ok , please first fill in the form and return it to me . You can do it in the next door .
Everybody attention . I would like to make sure you all know the process . The interview consists of three parts . One , all of the interviewees will answer the question there and lasts for maximum one hour . Two , we will take a 30 - minute ’ s break . After the break , we all come back to this office and I will announce the successful candidates for the 2nd round . In which , you have a small interview with your future manager .
How do I get to the EDD ?
Can I go in to look for a job at their office ?
Is there an office near me ?
Do you know where the local office for this area is ?
If I go there , will I be able to collect money right away ?
How much are you asking for this ?
Is tax already included in their price ?
Would you consider a volume discount ?
May I help you ?
Do you have any style in your mind ?
I recommend you this one . It's a very popular kind of coat-the most recent thing .
There's been a dramatic change in the weather pattern .
It has been delayed .
No , but probably until there is a break in the storm .
I think it's smart to stay close to the gate so we can hear the updates .
h , the clothes here are so expensive ! No wonder there are few people .
yeah , it's lovely , but to be frank , it's not the most practical . You don't have many formal events in your calendar , do you ?
when you buy clothes , you must think about the material , quality and price .
make sure you buy what you need and your clothes can be worn for various occasions .
that's true , but you already have two back coats and one black sweater .
exactly ! Oh , my god ! I love Britney ! I'm going to get it .
it's just the right size--a perfect fit ! I'll take it . Oh , no , I'm a little short . Did you bring your credit card ?
Francis , what ’ s that ?
Could you tell me something about it ?
How many departments do we have ?
Ok . Who should I report to ?
Waiter , a table for two , please .
Can we see the menu please .
What ’ s good today ?
We don ’ t want that . Well . perhaps will be begin with mushroom soap and follow by some seafood and chips .
Would you like to rent the house ?
I can lend some to you .
Miss , where do you want to go ?
No problem .
Yes , you are changed 50 cents a piece .
We're going to discuss how to market CB series soon . Does your project go well ?
Oh , that's good .
They are playing the wedding march , and I have felt tears .
Really ? I have seen that our wedding , but just mary's .
You are always be the most beautiful one in the world . What is the bridemaid's name ?
Don't be so sensitive , just a casual question , I caught you looking at the groomsman
I wonder why he is chosen to be the groomsman , and why mary doesn't marry him since he's much more attractive .
I came in to see how my home inspection went .
I had a home inspection before , but didn ’ t really understand it .
The owner said that the roof had leaked , but that he got it fixed last month .
Are the sellers responsible for fixing the problems with the house ?
Did you find a lot of things wrong during the home inspection ?
Welcome to our company .
An impressive officer is vital to the image projected by the company .
She is dealing with customers and driving up new business . The guy next to her is in charge of their office computer network .
He is our accountant .
What channel did you watch last night ?
How do you feel about it ?
Well , I don't think much about it . To me , it's a sheer waste of time
We need to know whether you have the special training .
How about your experience ?
Well , your qualifications for the job are excellent . And is there anything you'd like to ask about the job ?
Yes , our employees are allowed to take up 2 days a month to attend college courses .
I've enjoyed the conversation with you . We'll call you within 5 working days .
How does the political system work in your country ?
Each mp belongs to a political party , right ?
What ’ s a cabinet ?
Can any mp make a law ?
I suppose a proposed a law needs the support of the big political parties .
How do people choose which party or candidate to vote for ?
How about drink , Sir ?
Would you like cream or sugar in your coffee ?
Sorry , I don't have any sugar .
Excuse me . I want to pay the bill .
OK.Your bill includes the doctor's fee and the cost for a 3 - day supply of medicine . It comes to one hundred yuan .
Good . Here is the receipt . The dispensary is over there ... By the way , will this be covered by your insurance from work ?
In that case , I'll give you a certificate , so you can get it reimbursed .
So , John , what do you do for a living ?
Oh , really ? That sounds interesting , what kinds of book do you publish ?
Oh , What a cool job ! How long have you worked there ?
Can I help you ?
What kind of stamps do you want ?
I must weigh it .
It is 5 grams overweight . Do you want to send it as an ordinary or registered letter ?
Registration plus overweight , 7 yuan in all .
do you have any plans for tomorrow night ?
sure . What movies were you thinking about going to ?
yes . Isn't the director of that movie the same guy who directed Shaun of the Dead ?
to be honest , I didn't really like Shaun of the Dead . Besides , I like movies with a happy ending best .
I was thinking of seeing You , Me and Dupree . It's a typical Hollywood blockbuster .
yeah , I suppose you wouldn't want to see that , huh ?
It depends on who the film is about . Which movie did you have in mind ?
that sounds fantastic ! What time is it playing ?
great . Shall I meet you there around 7:45 tomorrow night ?
Excuse me , I'm looking for your casual short-sleeved shirts . Can you tell me where those are ?
Medium .
Thank you . I think I'll take this one , and these pants as well . They're presents for a friend .
Hey , what's good with you ?
I'm throwing a party on Friday .
Do you think you can come ?
What are you going to be doing ?
I was hoping you would come .
I'd better see you there .
Do you have laundry service ?
Well , would you please send someone to 502 ? I have some clothes to wash .
So will you back me up if things get ugly with Elvin ?
We just will.Trust me on that .
He'll do it . He's too proud not to .
To start with , may I ask why you chose to work at our company ?
Well , please look at the employment contract . I'd like to go over the main details again before signing . First , you will be getting a monthly salary , and no probation is involved .
Of course . A reasonable number of sick days will be covered by the company . Any extended illness will be covered by insurance . Have you read the other terms of the contract ?
Yes , any approved overtime of more than two hours will be paid twice of the salary or take time-off .
Mary , do you often do your shopping online ?
How about the price ?
Last week , I tried to buy some clothes online , but I didn ’ t know how to pay for them .
Are there many things online ?
Yes , I need more amenities .
You know , the things that are free , like the soap and the shampoo .
No , I still have plenty left , even if I took three baths a day .
I need to take home some souvenirs !
Yes , souvenirs that I can take home and add to my collection .
Are you kidding ? Whoever heard of paying for hotel souvenirs ?
I was wondering if you could help me use the Student Job Center .
I want to work in a restaurant .
I want to work part-time .
Yes , I know what to do .
Yes , I think that would be great .
Would you like to take a look at the menu , sir ?
Would you care for a drink before you order ?
Yes , sir . I'll bring it over . Have you decided what you'd like , sir ?
What can I do for you ?
Well , this company can be dated back to 1893 , so it has a hundred years of history .
Hi , I was wondering if I could get my test results from the other day .
Is something wrong with me ?
Can we talk about it now ?
When can I come and see you ?
Now I know that something bad is up !
May I help you ?
Which place are you most interested in ?
Well , I strongly suggest you going to London . It's really charming .
We have been here for about five days and I have to leave now .
Yes , we have a very pleasant time . Thank you for being so nice for us .
No , thanks . You've done a lot for us . Thank you for everything .
Oh ! Thank you ! It's very kind of you .
We're sure we will . And welcome to our corporation next year . We're expecting you .
Where are you going ?
Hey Joe , what are you doing in this department store ?
Why not ? When I go shoe shopping , I have so many options for sneakers that I spend awhile looking at all of the choices .
So how do you usually go about buying shoes , then ?
Well , you ’ re in the right store . If they don ’ t have it , no one will .
What would you like ?
Sure . The first food you have is appetizer , followed by a soup . Then you will have the main course . The last dishes are desserts .
Okay , Rebecca . Now you ’ Ve given me a good idea of your work and academic background , but what about you as a person ? How would you describe your key strengths ?
Yes , true , but how about other personal qualities ?
What would you say is your most positive quality ?
Do I have to talk to the interviewer or just leave my application ?
What should I do in the fair ?
Are you engaged ?
I want sharing Company .
Do you have the letter of approval of employment ?
In that case , you are not allowed to work in China , until you get the employment petition .
Hello .
Hi , Troy . How ’ s your trip going ?
Are you all right ?
Yes . Everything is fine in the family . Don ’ t worry about the family . Just enjoy your trip . How ’ s the weather there ?
That ’ s good . Take good care of yourself .
I love you , Troy .
Why am I being charged $ 10 for a movie that I never ordered ?
Well , the file is wrong . I was at a great concert that night .
Thank you for taking care of it so quickly .
You can't do that ! You can't charge me for a mistake that you made !
Well , now I've seen it all ! What a rip-off this place is !
Our housing problem is a highly complicated issue .
Right . Like our LPF program . The mortgage size is linked with the amount of savings households have accumulated on their LPF accounts .
I am glad to have the opportunity of visiting your corporation . I hope we can do business together .
I am interested in your hardware . I've seen the exhibits and studied your catalogues . I think some of the items will find a ready market in France . Here is a list of requirements .
I will do that . Meanwhile , could you give me an indication of the price .
What about the commission ? From European suppliers , I usually get a 3 to 5 % commission for my imports . It's the general practice .
You see I do business on a commission basis . A commission on your prices would make it easier for me to promote sales . Even 2 or 3 % would help .
Yes , sir . May I help you ?
For today ?
We have a flight that we'll put you there at ten AM . Is that ok ?
I'm afraid not , unless you want a night flight .
How about afternoon ?
Is there I can do for you , miss ?
Let me see , oh it's a sunny day . You will have a nice trip tomorrow .
What time is our connecting flight ?
Wow , that's cutting it close ! That means we only have 25 minutes to make the connection ! What gate is it at ?
Oh , great ! That's at the other end of the terminal !
You taught at a local school for a year , right ?
Did you enjoy yourself there ?
So why did you decide to resign ?
I see . But why don't you continue to work as a teacher ?
So you can have more room for development .
It sounds like a good idea .
Hi , this is ABC Company . Is that Joseph ?
I am calling to tell you that the interview for you is in our company on Monday morning at 8: 00 .
What a lovely tapestry ! Don't you think we could use one to decorate our room ?
Artistic tapestry is the highest form of expression of the rug weaving art , an exquisite handicraft of superb artistry in typical Chinese style .
I think it is .
I ’ d like to send this parcel to Australia .
Sure . It ’ s not very heavy .
I see . What are the options ? I suppose airmail is faster and more expensive than surface mail .
How long will it take to get there ?
It that case , I ’ ll send it by airmail . I ’ d like to send it as a registered parcel .
Thanks very much . There ’ s thirteen dollars .
Do you have any luggage ?
Here's your boarding pass . Have a nice flight .
Hey , Ann , I am really sorry about last night . I shouldn't have said those things to you .
don't be silly . You guys should spend as much time together as you can . Besides we can go to the beach anytime .
well that's what being friends is about , isn't it ?
Nah , I wouldn't worry about that . But I don't want to be the third wheel . You two should have some quiet time to yourselves .
maybe ... I'll think about it .
OK . Do you want a trim , or do you want to get your hair done ?
Like that Rastafarian over there ? You mean dreadlocks ? You crazy ! That'll take way too long .
I'm gonna get a relaxer , then flip the ends up like Halle .
How many hours do you work a week ?
And how many weeks holiday do you get a year ?
Do you do overtime ?
How are you doing ?
What can I do for you today ?
Are you depositing cash or a check ?
How much are you depositing ?
What account do you want your money in ?
Do you need anything else ?
Beauties Picture , how may I help you ?
He's out of his office .
Hey , Devi , have you thought about where would you like to go to dinner on Friday for your birthday ?
You know , we could look online at the local Internet sites .
What kind of food would you like ?
This one , Shogun , looks good .
Would you like to go there then ?
Marry ; Mr . Johnson wants these documents to be copied .
I'm afraid ...
Can I help you ?
Two hundred and thirty yuan .
You can come later .
It's half past seven .
We offer 24 - hour service .
Excuse me , I'm looking for the Holiday Inn . Do you know where it is ?
Is it far from here ?
How far is it ?
How long does it take to get there ?
Is it close to the subway station ?
Waiter , bill , please .
What's this for ?
I see .
Yes . please .
Bill Black , Room 1201 .
How's everything , Janice ?
Which company ?
Yep ! I got some , in which I am interested . But ...
YOU GET ME !
Seemingly there is no turning back . I have to face it somehow .
It is really exciting news .
You don ’ t know ? The company is going to replace these old computers with the latest ones .
We will all get a docking station on our own desk from which you can remove your laptop easily . And if you come back to office , you just reconnect your laptop with docking station .
This is a kind of socket mounted to your desk . The socket has all the wire connections of the company line and all the other office automation equipments , like fax , copier , a screen , printer and scanner , and it will be very convenient .
We have a great variety of men's suits , sir.Which particular brand do you prefer ?
How about this one ?
I want to get in shape . I feel like a fence sitter-not really fat , but not really healthy .
Would you like to get in shape together ?
How about going to the gym ? There's one really close to work .
As a matter of fact , they are having a promotion right now .
Oh , my goodness . The traffic is crawling .
We are now running late .
Let me check and look at the map . Yes , there is an exit three quarters of a mile ahead . We ’ ll exit Market Street , head west , then get on the Pennsylvania Freeway .
Jenny , what's your favorite color ?
Now , we're going to draw an apple in your sketch book . What do we use ?
Have you had any publications ?
How about your communication skills ?
Can I help you ?
Sure . When do you want to get it back ?
Yes , but we charge 50 % more and it only takes 3 hours .
Do you even know where this bus is supposed to go ?
Don't you know ?
Is this the right bus , or not ?
Where are we ? This is not Altadena .
Tell me what the street signs say .
Next time , I'll look for the bus myself .
Joy Chain elementary school , please .
How frustrating ! The bus is still not coming .
Yes . I am in a hurry . Please take a shortcut .
The traffic is terrible on Monday morning . It takes us almost 1 hour to get to school .
That's wonderful . He is killing two birds with one stone.Sir , please turn right at the next corner . And stop at the taxi stand .
What is the fare ?
Keep the change !
The mailboxes are right down there , and the laundry room with coin-operated washers and dryers is over there .
All right , do you want to sign a nine-month or a one-year lease ?
You did an excellent job in this project .
Congratulations .
Ha ... I am not sure .
Let me think . How much did you have in mind ?
What can I offer you here ?
Ok . Please go ahead .
Oh , we are skillful in doing that . You can trust us . Our shop has a history of more than 20 years .
Yes , absolutely ! We have a very good reputation in the neighborhood .
If you like you can wait here . They will be ready in one hour and a half .
Now darling , I know that we've bought this house together , but it's just going to be far too expensive to decorate it . I think we should sell it .
But we're going to spend so much money in furnishing and decorating . I think we could get a much cheaper place that's already furnished .
Well , only you liked it really , darling .
That is the most boring , typical gift in the world !
That's not exactly a conversation piece . It's so plain .
The diagonal black and red stripes are really conservative though ...
Room service.May I help you ?
I am sorry for that.We will send someone to your room right now .
May I help you ?
I'm Mary Kelly . May I ask your name ?
I'm glad to meet you , Mr . Zhuang . Sit down , please .
What are your qualifications for being a clerk typist ?
Would you be willing to take a typing and shorthand test ?
Your typing and stenography are pretty good . Would you be interested in applying for the job ?
Hello . What can I do for you , sir ?
Sure .
No problem . I'm gonna need you to turn off your engine and open the hood for me .
Your oil is fine but your tires are a little flat .
Right here . I'll do it for you . ( Three minutes later ) Your car's ready .
Steven , have a rest . Could you have a talk with me ?
Janice has just got sick and I need a hand now . Could you come here earlier tomorrow morning ?
Let me think . About half past seven if it is okay for you .
Do you have cheongsams ?
The styte is OK . Which country is this made in ?
I would like to ask for one day off next week . Do you think the manager will agree ? I know it is the busy time for our company , but I do have some important things to handle .
Actually , it is my mother ’ s wedding . My parents divorced many years ago . Now she is ready to establish a new family . It is a special occasion . I've got to be there , right ?
Do you have any apartment to rent ?
Where is it .
Is it furnished ?
That's good . When can I go to see the house ?
What is this eviction notice for ?
Are you kidding me ?
You can ’ t just throw me out on the street !
Will you still throw me out if I make the rent payment ?
I am going to take care of the rent payment right now .
Honey , I think I need to go see the doctor .
I was working in the garage and cut myself with my saw .
No , not really , there's just a lot of blood .
I'm going to go sit in the car while I still have the stomach to walk .
How about the working hours ?
Can I ask for a leave ?
Are there any other jobs waiting for me in the future ?
That's OK . How can my salary be improved ?
Excuse me , I'd like to send this parcel .
Just a few shirts .
No , I'd rather send it by ordinary mail .
Here you are .
Thank you so much .
Look ! It fits you perfectly . It looks great on you and has your name on it .
Devi , do you have any preference for where you would like to go for dinner for your birthday ?
There is a great restaurant directory here in the weekend section of the newspaper .
Do you have a particular type of food that you would like ?
That Japanese restaurant , Shogun , got good reviews .
Would that be a place that you might like to go to for your birthday ?
Hello , Steven . Annie said that you and Julia have had a quarrel , haven ’ t you ?
That's the reason why you fought ?
You two are always quarrelling over little things .
Are you still mad at her now ?
Will you apologize to her ?
Hello ?
Yes .
Not too bad , thanks . And you ?
I'm terribly sorry , but I've already made arrangements for Wednesday .
That would be fine .
Whenever is suitable for you . I have no plans for that day .
And where would you like to meet ?
I'm not very familiar with Chinese cuisine . What can you recommend ?
Of course ! Peking Duck is world-famous . I would love to try it .
All right . Well , I'll see you later .
What does Human Resources Department do ?
They take care of a lot of things .
What do you mean ?
Yes ?
OK .
What are you going to do with that vase , Penny ?
Don ’ t do that . Give it to me .
I ’ m going to put it here , in front of the window .
There we are ! It ’ s a lovely vase .
I am sorry to make you run down to the office for me .
I need help with my timesheet .
Yes , I have seen them .
Yes , I understand what to do .
What ? Huh ?
Huh ? What ?
I thought you said this was easy .
Mr . Black , when is the earliest shipment you can make ?
I am afraid shipment by early May would be too late for us . Our customs formalities are quite complicated , and it takes time to distribute the goods to the farmers in our country . The fertilizers must be delivered before April , or else we can't be in time for the spring sowing .
You understand a timely delivery is very important to us .
Would you like some drinks ?
We have various kinds of wine . As for an appetizer , I advise you to order white wine or dry white wine .
Thank you so much for interviewing me this evening .
I like to work alone on some things and then bring those things to the group .
I want to grow in my job and move ahead .
I need to stay in the area because of my family .
75,000 per year .
There ’ re traffic jams everywhere .
Yeah . We should have more roads built .
Excuse me , Mr . Emory ?
Could you tell me where the copier is , please ?
Woo hoo ! This just might be the start of the rest of my life !
I ’ m in the market for a job ! I went on a website with hundreds of job listings in the area and browsed through them until I got the names of a few employers I would like to work for . I have the resume I wrote for English class last month and a cover letter will be a piece of cake to write . I ’ Ve even done my research and found the names of the managers so I can address the letters personally . And you know I can be charming in interviews . Goodbye my penniless days ! Hello salary and a career !
Oh , just for a position as a gas station attendant . You know , starting at a simple lowly job , just like all the greats before they made it big in the world .
I think this painting would look good in our living room . What do you think ?
Hi Michael .
I'm looking for the airport . Can you tell me how to get there ?
I think I can take the subway to the airport . Do you know where the subway is ?
Where ? I don't see it .
Oh , I see it now . Thanks .
Do you know if there's a restroom around here ?
Thank you .
Mr . Wang , have you enjoyed your stay here ?
We ’ Ve all enjoyed being with you . When will you come back ?
I ’ m looking forward to seeing you again . Take care .
I'm looking for some fresh produce that's on sale .
Mangoes . What are they ?
Can you eat the nut ?
How much are they ?
What does a mango taste like ?
How do I know if it's ripe ?
Where do they come from ?
Yes , I think there is something wrong with my car .
When I tried to back it , I found it was out of order . I can't see where the trouble is .
Is it serious ?
And when will it be OK ?
How was your morning jog ?
To be honest , I ’ d rather watch television ! Where did you go ?
Oh you ought to go to the park next time . They have a route for joggers there .
May I come in ?
How are you doing , sir ?
Please allow me to introduce myself . My name is Li Hua . Nice to meet you .
May I help you at all ?
We certainly do . I can give you some details about a loan called Personal Loan for Studying Abroad . We offer this to anyone who will study outside this country .
This loan is specially provided for people who are studying overseas to pay for their tuition fee and other sundry items .
That's right . The sundries could include accommodation , text books and so on . The guidelines are not so strict , you see .
Do you play mahjong ?
How can I be sure your products are of superior quality , as you promised ?
But a quality inspection system does not mean that each unit will always be up to the standard .
Your salesman also told me that each worker is trained to do quality analysis . Can you tell me a little about that ?
You are from the travel agency , aren't you ?
Yes , I am . Are you Miss Li from the travel agency ?
Do you mind telling me your name ?
Yes , it is . I usually travel light .
Fill it up , please .
No , thank you . I don't have time . How much is that ?
Did you call me , sir ?
What am I expected to do ?
I see . It must be a challenging job , but I would like to do it . And what about now ?
Can I help you ?
I'll certainly try to help you . What topic is your paper on ?
There are several possible sources you might use for that topic . I suggest you use the computer and the computer will give you a list of every scientific journal that talks about children and television .
This section of the store is called Junior . Why is that ?
But I can't find anything in my size here .
Well , there's nothing I can do about my height !
What's in the petite section ?
Taxi !
Beijing International Airport . Would you please help me with my baggage ?
Thank you . I've got just 50 minutes to go . Can we manage ?
I can't afford to miss my 9:40 flight .
IBA , Client Services Department . Shelley speaking , how can I help ?
Certainly , that's what we're here for . What can I help you with ?
Calm down , Sir . Is that an IBA Debit or Credit Card ?
Just calm down , Sir . OK , when do you think you lost it ?
That's fine , Sir . Let me just take some details FRCM you and we can help you .
Sir , how can I help you ?
OK , please take a seat . Look at here . Head up . Done .
Do you like traveling by train or by plane ?
Are you a social person ?
What is your strategy in communicating with colleagues ?
Good morning , Wilson Association .
I'm sorry , but Mr.Tomas left here just a few minutes ago .
I'm afraid not . He is away for the rest of the day .
I'm afraid not , he has gone out of this town on business . May I take a message ?
Would you like to make another appointment ?
I see . I'll tell Mr.Tomas you've called .
Oh man ! I ’ Ve been starving myself for days now and I haven ’ t lost an ounce !
Yeah , my friend is getting married next month and I ’ m supposed to be a bridesmaid . I have to fit into my dress and look nice for her wedding , but I haven ’ t lost any weight ! Look at these love handles .
Why ? If I eat less , then my body will start eating away at my fat reserves , right ?
So you are saying that I should eat , but I should just watch what I eat ?
If I do all this do you think I can lose twenty pounds in four weeks ?
Thank you all for coming to our monthly staff correlation meeting . Today we have a lot of new things to introduce to you all , there will be a lot of changes in company policy to accommodate better employee welfare .
In the past , our welfare program has consisted of benefits packages only , meaning partial health insurance coverage and retirement plan . But we hope to boost morale by increasing incentives and adding additional welfare considerations .
It is proposed that from now on , employees will be given 10 paid sick days , in addition to their 2 week vacation periods . They will also be encouraged to maintain proper physical health with a company sponsored aerobics class on Friday nights . We have also consulted with the human resource department and have hired a new liaison between management and employees . Let ’ s all welcome Ms . Michelle Cain to our team as our company ’ s ombudsman .
I have finished filling in the forms . Can I go to my room now ?
You like this china tea set , don't you ?
Sure.How about the brown one ?
The blue one ?
You've made a good choice.This china tea set is unusual.It was made in Jingdezhen .
Can you make a suit for me to measure ?
That's fine .
Hi ! I see you are having fun with your new computer and internet connection .
I can give you the name of a few useful website to visit .
When you sent your emails , did you attach any files to them ?
When you use the internet , be careful not to give out your email address very often . If you do , you might get a lot of spam-unwanted email form companies trying to sell you things .
That ’ s right . Another thing to remember when you are surfing is that you can add a web page to your list of favourites . Your computer will remember the page and you can return there quickly next time
Take this web page for example . Press the keys control and d together . Click on favourites at the top of the screen . There you are . It has been added to you favourites list . If you click it , you will
Three twenty-five cent stamps , please .
And please sent this letter by registered mail .
There ’ s a check of two hundred dollars and photograph .
No . don ’ t bother .
Excuse me , sir . My baggage is badly damaged .
Where can I get it ?
Here comes the last course ! Shall I help you to the dish ?
Which route are you interested in ?
That's a good choice .
Good morning , may I help you ?
Please fill out this form .
Yes . You must put on her name and address .
Let me check . Yes . Your 1,000 remittance , please .
This rate is one percent . That will be 10 yuan .
Generally it will arrive within three days .
What is your great struck ?
Why do you think you be a good fit or this job ?
Are you working under pressure ?
Are you more a follower or a leader ?
May I speak to Marry ?
Ok , I'll try her back then .
What's your products ' competitive edge ?
We need your detail explanation .
It sounds good , and how about its quality ? We only look for the best .
OK ! How long dose it take you to deliver if we order 1000 pieces of silk ?
What dressing would you like on the salad ?
I beg your pardon ?
Sorry , it's not available now.Anything else ?
Will you say it again ?
Do you carry black ink ?
I've looked for , but I didn't see any black ink .
Well , I'll settle for blue-black . I'll also take a dozen airmail envelopes .
Give me a package of twenty , then . And where do I find shoelaces ?
Thank you . I never can find my way around this store .
What kind of insurance could the company provide for its employees ?
What if an employee was injured due to work-related job ?
What position have you held before ?
Would you tell me the general description of your present job ?
What made you decide to change your job ?
Why do you leave your present company ?
Why did you pick this organization ?
What made you decide to join our company ?
Did you already wash your clothes today ?
Could you wash some of my dark clothes with yours ?
The only thing is that they have to be washed on the gentle cycle .
There aren't a lot of clothes , do you have a lot to wash ?
You don't mind , do you ?
Okay , thanks a lot .
Does this dress look OK on me ?
Well , I think that one fits me better . What's the price ?
So where is this mystery restaurant that we are going to ?
That sounds great ! I am craving some type of beef dish .
I see , so what are we having ? Chicken ?
Sounds good ! I have always heard that Indian spices give a rich flavor to food .
What about veggies ?
Okay , Doctor , tell it to me straight .
I've tried before . Everything I've tried doesn't work .
May I see that x-ray again ?
And that is what's causing my shortness of breath .
Can I help you , madam ?
Would you like to try this one on ?
All right . How about this one ?
It's Sunday today .
I think we should have a house cleaning today . What's your opinion ?
Come on . What do you want to do ? Washing clothes or cleaning the house ?
Okay . Here is the laundry .
We need to call an emergency meeting as soon as possible about this .
Schedule it for this afternoon , when Ken gets back .
Oh , that ’ s right . Go ahead anyways . I ’ ll fill him in . We can ’ t lose this order under any circumstances !
I want to find an old music box .
Do you have anything made in the 1920s ?
Do any of them have dancing figures ?
That's fantastic . I think I like this one .
Now , is there any warranty with this ?
I understand .
Shall we start decorating the bedroom ?
When ?
May I take your order ?
Yes , take your time , please .
Fine .
The special today is steak .
What would you like to go with your steak ?
I see . What would you like for dessert ?
Let's see . I had the salmon starter which was £ 5.90 and my Pizza was £ 8.25 .
So that's £ 14.15 for me and £ 16.50 for you .
Yes , so that's an extra £ 6 for both of us .
And I had a dessert - that's another £ 3.50 . And you had coffee which is £ 2 .
Yes , this is everything on the list .
Yes , that's exactly it . How much tip shall we give the waiter ?
Hello ! Is Mr . Green there ?
This is Li with Silk Company . We met last Sunday during the exhibition .
Thank you for visiting our products . I remember that you are interested in our silk products and so , could I have a meeting with you this week to show you moreinformation about our products ?
What about next week ? Is it convenient for you ?
Any time you say is OK .
Where did you study accounting ?
Did you intern anywhere ?
That must have been stressful .
I'll bet .
Hello . Mr . Zhang . It's Mary .
I'm afraid we're really staffed this week , Mr . Li . I'd like to meet you , but I'm sorry I really can't .
Not at all , sir . I'd just like to delay our meeting to next week , I'll have time at the beginning of next week .
How about Monday morning at 9 a . m . ?
Good afternoon , Mrs . White .
Can I see Mr . Cooper , your manager now ?
All right .
Thanks a lot , Mrs . White .
Jack , I think it's best that I actively ask for the results of interview .
I think so , too . What do you think about that I write a letter of inquiry to the company ?
Good idea . It is convenient and fast .
Certainly .
I think that about one hundred words are enough .
Excuse me , Mr . Rodriguez ? Could I speak with you for a moment ?
Well , I ’ d like to talk about my new contract with you , if that ’ s all right .
George , did you remember to buy the book ?
When will you buy it then ?
Well , I ’ d better get back to work . I ’ Ve got a ton of stuff on my desk !
Yeah , definitely . I was hoping to catch a ride with you .
The boss had an informal discussion with me this morning , I feel really down .
Well , actually I failed to meet a deadline last week and I forgot to answer an e-mail for a VIP customer yesterday .
Yes , everything . I feel overwhelmed by the daily work . Sometimes , I just can ’ t focus on what I am doing . What is worse , though I make plans for a whole week , I always have to make changes later on because other things come up . I can ’ t manage my time well . I can ’ t handle work well . I am afraid I was screw up more things .
Oh , no ! My stub ! I can't believe it — I flushed it down the toilet !
But , but ... it was really an emergency ! And , my stub ...
Ah , umm , kind of .
Oh , there is something wrong with my car .
I want to change a new car . I like Honda best , especially the red one.But it is too expensive .
Yeah.Maybe I can find my favorite car in addition to Honda .
Those are today ’ s top stories . Now let ’ s go to John for the weather . John , what does the forecast look like for our weekend travelers ?
That ’ s pretty chilly for the summer ! Will it rain on Saturday ?
That certainly sounds like a dreary Saturday .
Do you have any English newspapers ?
I'd like to see some Mandarin textbooks too . Do you have any ?
Come on , darling . We haven't got much time .
Half past six ... and it's half past six already .
We haven't . Hurry up !
John , could you come to my office ? I need to talk to you .
No . Come here right now .
What's the matter ?
Why ? I work very hard .
Well , some of those other guys are not the same kind I'd like to communicate with , but if that's important to you . I'll try to get along with them .
It's unfair .
OK . I need to think about that for a while .
Thank you for coming so quickly .
A pipe in my apartment is leaking .
The pipe is in my bathroom .
The pipe has been leaking for a couple days .
Yes , I ’ m aware of that .
I just need the problem fixed .
What do you think of this dress ? Do you think it suits me ?
It ’ s just the right size-a perfect fit ! Have you seen anything you like ?
It looks too big for you , but I like the color and the material is good quality . Is it on sale ?
I might get one too , but in a different colour . I prefer light blue to while .
I ’ m getting this beret – doesn ’ t it look cool ? I ’ d like to get some jeans too , but I don ’ t have enough cash on me .
These two sections need to be re-written , Jerry . The last guy that did this really mixed things up .
Not until next week , I think , the 15th .
Flight BE 407 to Rome is delayed . Will passengers please wait in the lounge ?
The time of departure will be announced as soon as possible .
Which department do you want to register with ?
Please pay the registration fee , 10 Yuan .
Is this our bus stop ?
Dude , where are we at ?
I thought this was the right stop .
Did you make us get off early ?
I should not have listened to you .
Now we have to walk .
Good morning , madam . Can I help you ?
Our jackets are over here next to coats and accessories .
Of course . The changing rooms are over there .
can I see these silk ties ?
I ’ ll take this one .
No , thank you . I want to have a look at that scarf .
This is the rush hour .
Let ’ s drive off this road .
So , are we all ready to go ?
Did you get the camera ?
Yup , it ’ s all set .
I ’ m sure ... we ’ Ve got all our bases covered .
Um ... do you think we can make a pit stop ?
Excuse me , have you got any laundry ? The laundryman is here to collect it .
Anything else ?
Are they to be dry-cleaned ?
Yes , but not too stiff , right ?
There are a few spots on it . I am afraid you will not have it tomorrow . Dry-cleaning usually takes three days .
In that case , I suppose I could ask the dry-cleaner to clean up the spots for the moment , and have it well pressed . You might get it back on time then .
By the way , a cotton came off your shirt you gave me the day before yesterday .
The laundry has sewed on a new button for you .
I am afraid the new one is not exactly the same as the others .
We are sorry for our fault .
I'm going to take a nap .
That's a good idea .
No , thanks . Just let me sleep until I wake up .
Okay . I think I'll be awake by then .
You mean I will smell the food cooking ?
I don't think I'm going to dream about anything . I'm really tired .
I really feel like eating a salad .
I'm really not sure .
Caesar salads are pretty good .
I want a salad with some chicken .
I like my salads to have croutons , almonds , and shredded cheese .
You should make a salad like that .
I want to buy a rain coat . Could you please show me one ?
I like yellow best . How much does it cost ?
It's nice , but that's very steep for a rain coat . Could you give me a 20 percent discount ?
Where did this come from ?
It sure is hot . Why don't we go in the Haunted House ? At least it will be air conditioned .
Well . Maybe I'll go alone then . I really don't want to miss it .
It might take a long time . Because there is a line , you know .
Thanks .
I'm sorry it took so long .
Is there a vacant table for 2 right now ?
what a pity .
Hello , Mr Mayhew . How are you today ?
Would you like a balance inquiry first , Mr Mayhew ?
Your balance is 21,290 RIB . How much would you like to take out today ?
Actually , I have a suggestion for you . We've started a new service called Entrusting Deposit Combination - Have you heard about this ?
Excuse me , I'm afraid you've parked in the wrong spot .
No , it's D408 , my parking space . I have already paid for it .
What's your favorite magazine ?
What kind of magazine is it ?
Really ? It is a weekly , isn't it ?
Does it enjoy popularity among the young generation ?
I lost track of time , am I late ?
My friend needed me to help him .
I will try . My apologies .
Sure , I'll sit right here .
I am confused about the projected revenues .
Jimmy , I ’ d like to wear this robe for tonight cocktail party . What do you think of it ?
What ? But it is my favorite piece of clothing .
What am I going to do ?
Is this the right bus for the Grand Hotel ?
Where can I take it ?
May I help you ?
Well . Can you tell me how much you have deposited ?
Please let me have your name and your savings account number if you remember it .
Don't worry , Mr . Brown . Let me try to check it for you . One moment , please . Yes , I have your account number here . The balance is exactly RIB 12,000
It's my pleasure . Please fill out this lost passbook bill and list the code word you used when you first opened your account .
So your mom can stop nagging you now .
Don't tell me she's been listening to the fortune-teller again .
The day we choose to get married could never be an unlucky day .
I heard Nick found a job in a bank and his salary is said very high . I also want to work there .
I know that , but making a lot of money makes me crazy .
Actually , I am afraid I will be stuck in the job forever , if I choose a bad one .
Room Service . May I help you ?
Have you switched on the radiator ?
We're terribly sorry for that . We'll send our staff io fix it now . Or do you want to change your room ?
OK . Is it convenient for us to come now ?
How's your job search going ?
have you finished compiling your resume ?
that's good . Don't forget to design the format . An attractive format is as important as the content .
good . How about your cover letter ?
no , a CV is not enough . You should also attach it with a cover letter . Don't overlook it . You're faced with fierce competition in the job market . If your cover letter cannot stand out in the pile of
yes , you're right . All your preparation efforts are to help you land a job interview .
I've been told you might have a vacant room .
Would it be okey to look at the room , now ?
This apartment looks nice .
How much is the rents ?
Hello ? Ms . Patterson ? This is Bill from Workmate calling . I'm just wondering if you had a chance to look over the estimate I sent for your gala dinner project next month ... As I said in my email , we can help you with production according to your needs , but we will only be able to give insite management support services on a limited basis .
Yes , I have several copies , but they're all different versions ... The latest I have is version 12 , is that current ?
Home at last . Tonight we have a lot of homework though .
To tell the truth , I don ’ t really like him either . He ’ s kind of boring and not very active . He always looks unhappy too .
Do you think we should be talking about him like this behind his back ?
I absolutely agree . It ’ s getting dark . We should finish our homework now .
Mr . Reynolds ? Rick Murphy . I ’ m the accounting manager for Macmillan and Emory , Incorporated .
I would like to meet with you to discuss some discrepancies on our payroll account .
Shall I make some coffee , Jane ?
It's ready . Do you want any milk ?
What about some sugar ? Two teaspoonfuls ?
Would you like some more ?
Of course . I think there are a few in that box .
What a pity !
Have a biscuit instead . Eat more and smoke less !
Do you like chocolates ?
Do you like coffee ?
And do you like English food ?
Hi.Mike .
Fine , thanks.And you ?
This will be your office here .
We try to get everyone in the upper management team a nice office .
I'm glad you like it .
Yes , we have a coffee machine and some other beverages in the break room .
It's just down the hall , the fourth door on your right .
You can always call me if you need anything and I will get it for you .
What are you thinking ?
It ’ s about 7 o ’ clock . let ’ s have our breakfast first .
What do you want ?
Sorry , I didn ’ t prepare this .
alright , tell me what you think .
yeah , maybe you ’ re right . How about this outfit ?
no , I don't have an plans to go to a formal dance any time soon , but I love the way it looks . I just had to try it on ! What do you think about this ? It ’ s casual , yet sophisticated .
how about this scarf , these earrings , and an anklet ?
that ’ s a good idea . You have a lot of good fashion sense .
yep . Here it is . What do you think ?
the leopard print sounds fabulous . Are they a name brand ?
that ’ s even better than the real thing .
OK . I just saw a Versace for thirty dollars . This stuff can't be real !
I'm not sure I'd want to give these people my credit card number .
Sure , but it's so complicated . They asked for my credit card authorization number .
Janice , do you still remember how our filing system works ?
Very good . What is the essence of filing , do you know ?
Yes , ' One customer--one file ' is essential . And remember to update them timely .
Correct .
Mom , will you tuck me in tonight ?
I hope I don't have any nightmares tonight .
Evan , are you busy right now ?
Well , I need a hand with the fax machine . My fax is not going through .
Excuse me.Could you please tell me where the train station is ?
Excuse me.Would you like a drink before your meal ?
Would you like a drink ?
OK.Here you are .
Well , all the drinks including beer are free of charge .
So can we play PlayStation later ?
All my games are so lame , Mom . When can I get a new one ?
Right on . I'm gonna get a new game !
I knew there would be a catch !
Excuse me , please show me that business suit , the dark one .
May I try it on ?
What kind of account do you prefer ? Checking account or savings account ?
Ok , please just fill out this form and show us your ID card .
Is my car ready yet ?
It's LF 312 G .
I bought it here three days ago .
Have your mechanics finished yet ?
Well , it was my car .
That's right . I drove it into a lamp post . Can your mechanics repair it ?
may i ask you for a dance .
you dance it very well . do you often go dancing ?
We're interested in your Drawn Works . What about the supply position ?
Here's our inquiry list . You'll find the required items , specifications and quantities all there .
I don't need to remind you that the market has become very competitive .
That's fine . By the way , do you quote FOB or CIF ?
Then would you please make your prices CIF including five percent ?
Good morning .
Never mind , come right in . I've almost finished.You always keep the room neat and tidy , I must say.It saves me a lot of work , but you should let me do it .
It's very considerate of you to do so.Do you have any laundry today ?
May I see the manager of your office ?
Thank you . I am Fred , coming from Future Clothes Company . I've brought some catalogues of our new series of the summer clothes . I wonder if your manager would like to have a look at them .
We are suppliers of the summer clothes of various styles and colors . I think you will be interested in some of our new products . We always keep the pace of the clothes fashion , so as to catch the interest of our customers .
As you know , we also take orders for clothes made according to specifications .
Two months at most .
Thank you for agreeing to come in and meet with us today .
I can see from your resume you were in charge of sales for Corporate World Unlimited from 1997 to 1999 . Can you please tell me about your responsibilities ?
What , do you believe , are some of the key attributes that helped you to achieve such an outstanding increase in sales ?
This broth is wonderful . What's in it ?
Hey ! Watch out ! You're using the same spoon for both broths !
You're getting that hot stuff in my mild broth !
what are you doing ?
you really like brains that make you think , don't you ?
I guess the games I like the most are the ones that I'm good at !
well , I like to play darts . Whenever I go to a bar , I usually play for a few hours .
my parents used to love to play checkers and dominoes . We used to have family tournaments every weekend .
not at all . I never really did , to be honest . What about you ? Did your family used to play games together ?
some of my friends play cards on the internet . Have you ever tried that ?
how about mah-jong ?
I thought everyone in your country were experts at mah-jong !
How can I help you ?
Did you have anything specific in mind ?
Well , you made a good choice . Coming to us , I mean.We have a full range of products from cosmetics to skin cleansers and moisturizers .
Our foundation is very high quality . Only the finest ingredients.It will moisturize your skin and it has a sun block rating of 8 .
Let me show you.We have this rose color . We also have different shades of beige .
In this size , we sell it for 53.95 .
What you're paying for , Ma'am , are the ingredients.It is a very high quality product .
Of course . Here is our thickening mascara.We also have mascara designed to lengthen the eyelashes .
We have a very wide selection of colors.And our eye shadow is specially designed to moisturize the skin.So it is very gentle on your eyelids . Would you like to sample some ?
I can help you with that .
Hello , I ’ d like to speak to Kate .
It ’ s ok . I ’ ll call her back latter . Thank you .
Your prices seem a little high .
We make a counter-offer to you of $ 150 per metric ton F . O . B . London .
OK . We will increase our order .
Good morning . How can I help you ?
Have you filled out an application form ?
Yes . I'll just have my assistant look over these quickly and then we'll move on to the next step . Did you want to open up a checking account and a savings account ?
Yes . Actually , both accounts come with cards that you can use in ATM machines , so that you won't have to come in to the bank to make a transaction .
It is . Our customers really like it . Do you have any other questions about your new accounts ?
The maximum is $ 1000 .
Yes , but it's not much . You just have to pay 1 % interest on the account . It's much lower rate than any of our loans and it's much better than owing money to most credit cards .
They're all in order . If you just sign your name here , you'll receive your cards and pin numbers in the mail in about three weeks .
Mrs . Reynolds ? This is Martin Gross calling .
Well , I ’ Ve got the spread sheets you asked for , but I ’ m still waiting on some data from accounting .
We ’ re going to the Dragon Boat Festival tomorrow . Feel like coming along ?
Really ? I think you ’ ll love it .
Do you want to settle the bill now ?
Yes , we do .
Do you have any identification ?
Well Rebecca , is there anything else you need to know for now ?
Okay well listen , here is my business card with my mobile number . If any other questions spring to mind don ’ t hesitate to contact me . Of course you can also call Miss Childs too .
Well , we are finishing the shortlist interviews tomorrow , so we will certainly have a decision made by early next week . Miss Childs will call you to discuss more on Monday or Tuesday . How does that so
The pleasure ’ s all mine , Rebecca .
Would you mind telling me the purpose of your visit to the U . K . ?
May I see your passport ?
Would you please open the suitcase ? What are these ?
Do you have anything to declare ?
Hi ! This is Tome Smith .
Is my VCR ready ?
May I have a look at that vase , please ?
Oh , it's really nice , but to tell the truth , that's far too expensive .
How do you like the apartment ?
What ’ s wrong ?
That isn ’ t a problem .
What can I do ?
I can ’ t right now .
I will fix it for you .
Hello , it's my first time in Egypt . What would you advise me to see here ?
But I'm going to stay here only for two days .
What shall I do then ?
It's really worth seeing . By the way , I'd like to buy some souvenirs .
Good afternoon , miss , can I help you ?
It ’ s certainly a pretty dress . I can ring you up at the register over here .
Will you be paying by cash , check , or credit card ?
Sorry , no . We only take MasterCard or Visa .
Very well , ma ’ am . Oh , there seems to be a problem , it says it ’ s rejected .
Alright . Thank you . Yes , it seems to be working fine . Your total is $ 199.00 , sign here , please .
Here you go , and here ’ s your receipt . Have a nice day .
Excuse me , can you help me figure out how to get to the Wudaokou subway station from here ?
An after I buy the ticket , where should I go ?
So I transfer from red to blue , then how long do I ride the blue ?
It sounds so complicated !
Fred , we're gonna have a meeting after half an hour . Have you got it ?
Hush ! The wall has ears , you know .
My boy . I give you my sympathy to you . However , this meeting is said to be extremely important , so we have to attend it .
It is to give honors and promotions to some colleagues who made outstanding performance last year .
Look , the printer isn ’ t functioning well . I ’ Ve pushed the start button . It is suppose to be working now but it remains like a log . What ’ s going on ?
I didn ’ t pay attention to that . I will try to get the paper out .
I want to offer you more invoking stock options .
Let me explain . To get more cash , I'll have to borrow more from Vital , the venture capitalists .
Good afternoon . Lotus Catering Company . Lilian speaking . May I help you ?
I see , Mr . Baker . How many people are you planning to invite and how much would you like to spend per person ?
hi . Could you give me a hand with this report ?
thanks . Would you mind taking a look at the layout ? Do you think it ’ s appropriate ? I want it to be formal , but not boring to look at .
that ’ s an excellent suggestion . I can easily do it on the computer .
I ’ ll take that suggestion too . How about the content ?
is it ok to include the pictures ?
Onxiu Travel Agency , may I help you ?
Your name , please ?
Let me see what's available . Yes , Air China has a flight on May 5th at nine fifteen in the morning .
Single ticket or return ticket ?
Economy fare for single ticket from Beijing to Shanghai is 500 yuan .
Yes , your seat is confirmed on that flight . Pls arrive at the airport one hour before departure .
Are you ready for a second ?
Would you like anything else ?
I'm sorry.It ' s out of season now .
Can I help you , sir ?
Let me give you a hand . The author is ...
Oh , yes . Here it is .
Yes , we have both the paperback and hardcover . which would you want to buy ?
It's $ 25 .
Sit down , please . Mr . Tang , do you bring any paper or certificate with you ?
Are you still working in Youth International Travel Agency ?
How many foreign languages can you speak ?
Hi . What can I get for you ?
Good choice ! Our ground beef is extra lean , if you know what I mean .
No , no no no chicken breasts at the moment , but we have some nice chicken thighs .
Okay , is there anything else ?
Yes ! It ’ s very fine meat ! Made it myself ...
Wait ! We have T-bone , rib eye , and sirloin steaks . They are very fresh ! Just came from the slaughter house ...
What's the price ? I hope you'll quote us favorably .
Frankly speaking , the price you offer is too high . We can't accept it .
It certainly is .
I look at it this way , suppliers should be able to reduce their CIF price , even lower than their home price .
That's the point . Your overhead is in your domestic price , but it can't be carried in the CIF price .
Do you shop online often ?
Are there many things online ?
Incredible . I really want to survey the on-line virtual supermarket .
What are the disadvantages of on-line shopping ?
That's two for me and one for you .
Good evening , Pizza House . This is Marty speaking . May I take your order ?
We have a two-for-one special on large pizzas.Would you like a large pizza instead ?
Great ! Would you like your second pizza to be these as the first ?
Okay , thin crust . Your total is $ 21.50 and yourorder will arrive in thirty minutes or it ’ s free !
OK , so are you ready to learn how to bake a cake ?
OK , so the first thing we are going to do is pre-heat the oven , that way we have it at the desired temperature once we finish preparing everything . Set it to three hundred and seventy five degrees Fahrenheit .
No we are gonna make the batter . Take some butter and sugar and mix it lightly until you have a nice consistency . Then add some vanilla extract and eggs and continue mixing .
Go ahead and use the mixer , but put it on medium speed . I'm gonna sift the flour and baking powder separately and then we can mix it with milk and the rest of the ingredients .
Yeah , but grease and flour it first so the cake won't stick to it when it bakes .
We can leave it in there for about twenty five minutes . Then we let it cool for ten minutes before we remove the cake from the pan .
OK , sir . Your suit will be available in five days .
Yes , you should pay half of the cost in advance .
Do you have a foreign tour ?
Sydney .
Well , the route 5 is really charming . Must I make a reservation ?
Hello . This is the front desk . What can I do for you ?
Sure . Anything else ?
Go ahead , please .
We ’ ll send someone right up . But don ’ t worry about that . Maybe the service person forgot to do it .
How much did you pay for the TV ?
200 bucks for a piece of junk like that ? That's a ripped-off .
It's not worth it .
What ’ s happened ? Is there a problem ?
Would you show us the menu ?
I'd like to have prawn cocktail , and tomato soup for the main course , I'd like steak with onion , with some black coffee afterwards .
It sounds good . I'll try it .
Well , I'll have a glass of mineral water .
No , thank you . I think it's enough for dinner .
May , could you tell me how to solve this problem ?
Does it look too small ?
I agree . I'm going to buy it .
I'll charge it .
There you go .
I need to get to PCC , but I don't know which bus to catch .
I'm coming from Fair Oaks and Las Flores Drive in Altadena .
I don't mind walking .
Tell me which direction it should be going .
Where do I get off ?
Thanks for your help .
It's time for desserts ! Are you still hungry ?
what are you going to try first ?
do they serve the yogurt with anything ?
that sounds good . I'm going to start with an Italian tiramisu .
ok . Mmm .
it's nice , but it's rather plain . Do you want to try my tiramisu ?
what do you think ? Does it taste good ?
I'm glad you like it . I don't care for it . Why don't you finish my tiramisu so that I can try one of those fried bananas ?
do you know where they are from .
do you want me to get you one , too ?
Mr . Chen , I have a Marry from realty world on line one .
OK , I'll take a message .
How do you get along with your boss ?
What do you think is important in your work ?
Can you help me find my books ?
Thank you for coming tonight , Mrs . Webber . As a teacher , it's great seeing the kid's parents assist our parent-teacher conference night .
Well Allen is a great student . He is a hard worker and very well behaved , however he does struggle a bit with math .
Well , it's important that you sit with him and review his homework assignments and help him with math . I would also recommend he stay after school twice a week for tutoring sessions . It will really help a lot .
Um ... yes . Here is a notice from our financial department , seems your child's Tumion is overdue .
Could you tell me what university you went to , Mr . Smith ?
Did you ? And what did you study ?
Would you mind telling me how old you are ?
And could you tell me what other jobs you have had ?
And what was your salary at the bank ?
Can you give me a hand , Tom ?
Can you open this bottle for me ? The cork seems to be stuck .
Excuse me .
Can you tell me the way to the Peak Tram , please ?
Along Queen's Road ...
Right at the Hilton .
The Cathedral ?
That's very kind of you . Thank you . Er ... have you got a pencil ?
Is there anything I can do for you , Mr . King ?
Is it all right for you to pay the bill this evening ?
At the Cashier's Counter of our hotel , right in the lobby downstairs .
All right . Is your companion leaving for Shanghai with you ?
Shall I make out a single bill or two separate bills ?
OK . I'll surely have the bill ready for this evening .
No problem . By the way , do you have any comment to make on our hotel ?
Thank you for your compliments . You're welcome to our hotel again .
I heard that Kevin got divorced . Is that true ?
What ?
Poor Kevin , we should do something for him . He is a nice guy and does his job well .
Hello , I am calling to confirm my reservation for a single room .
This Friday .
Can you ship this batch of cotton within five or six weeks ?
Yes , mainly prints . There are a few plain as well . Here they are .
200 rolls of each . Make it 200 rolls for each sample .
Twenty prints and five plain . That makes 5,000 rolls in all .
Yes , five to six weeks .
Eight weeks ? We can wait that long .
Can't you make it seven weeks for the prints ?
That might be acceptable . I shall have to cable our Beijing office to get their approval . You can definitely supply in the time you've given me , I suppose .
That's right .
As soon as I hear from Beijing , that will be either Friday or Saturday .
I'll be checking out of the hotel in about 30 minutes .
Great ! As you know , however , the day in New York has hardly begun .
What can I do with my baggage while I visit a few more tourist spots ?
Isn't my baggage enough of a deposit ?
It's always something , isn't it ? Let me think about this for a second .
You're going go Dresden for sightseeing ?
I think a train journey is as fast as a bus journey .
so , which sport do you prefer---basketball or baseball ?
I thought everyone liked basketball . Why don't you like it ?
that makes sense .
my absolute favorite is ice hockey .
sure , many times . It's an exciting game for spectators to watch .
it's not that difficult . If you want to watch a game with me , I can explain the rules and the tactics while we're watching .
not for a while , but we could watch an old one on the internet so I can explain the game to you .
Excuse me . I would like to purchase some travelers ' checks .
$ 5000 and I want them all in fifties .
Excuse me , my skin is always dry , can you give me some advice ?
Will that work ?
Good afternoon . Welcome to Lincoln Bank , how can we be of service ?
Just pulling up your information now . Yes , some documents arrived for you from Sapporo .
Actually , there is a problem . It's the goods description , it's a little different on the invoice , but this does happen sometimes .
I'd like to open a savings account . Can you tell me how to do it ?
I have a driver's licence , a membership card and my passport . Will they do ?
What's the minimum amount I can deposit in an account ?
Julia , I have good news for you .
I have earned a lot of money this week , more than I do in a fortnight .
My wages are six hundred dollars a week . But I find a part-time job to supplement my income .
I know , darling . I must earn enough money to buy a car . I do a part-time job to increase my income . Don't worry , I will take care of myself .
How can I help you today , Sir ?
That's not a problem . You can use that service wherever you are , it doesn't matter which country you are in at the time .
Of course . It's 33234 . That will put you in touch with a Personal Banker .
That's the beauty of the service ; they can deal with everything , with total security .
Good evening , sir . Welcome to the Comfort Inn .
Mmmm . I ’ m not sure if we have you down here . How do you spell your last name ?
Oh , right . You ’ re in our system . I was just looking under Li . So , we ’ Ve got you down for a Business Suite for three days . If I could just have your credit card , I ’ ll process your check-in while
Oh no , we just make an impression of your card using our credit card machine . It ’ s in lieu of a deposit . If everything is OK when you check out , we give it back to you then . It ’ s pretty sta
I'm sorry , but I didn't catch what you said .
If you're sure you're not in a hurry , I can use a little help .
May I take your drink order while you are looking over your menu ?
The wine list is on the second page of your menu .
Yes , we have a full bar here .
Actually , we are famous for our Cuervo Gold margaritas .
Would you like that drink blended or on the rocks ?
Would you like it with salt or no salt ?
Good morning , I want to send this parcel to Taiwan .
How long would surface mail take , compared with airmail ?
How much would this parcel cost me by airmail ?
Good moming.What can I do for you ?
OK , sir . Here is your bill.That ' s $ 1000 all together .
Good morning , sir , Can I help you ?
Oh , we have many kinds.Do you like this design .
What's wrong with you , young man ?
Do you have a fever ?
Let me examine you.Don ' t worry.It ' s nothing serious .
Yes , stay in bed and drink a lot of water.Your fever will be gone in a day or two .
Of course not.You need a good rest .
Oh , the bus is gone .
I'm afraid we have to wait for the next bus .
Could you introduce to me the man over there ?
Welcome to IBA . Can I help you ?
OK , just a moment ... yes , it has arrived . The amount is 51,998 US dollars net , 12 US dollars has been deducted by the intermediary bank .
What shall we do tonight ?
That's a good idea.We haven't been there for ages .
Hello , I bought a China dress in your shop this morning .
I bought one size up by mistake .
I wonder if you can change it to one size down .
Then I ’ ll come to your place later in the evening , and how late is your shop open ?
You bet it is . And we got four thousand for our car space ! Awesome !
That's just what was running through my mind . Moonlight and dancing .
Come on baby , let's dance !
Sorry , honey , something has cropped up again . I have to deal with it . Perhaps I will go to back home till very late .
Oh , come on . I will be back as early as possible .
I'm so thirsty .
That's a good idea .
I kind of want a soda .
What do you mean ?
What are you supposed to drink ?
I guess I will get water .
Hey Joe , how have you been ?
I am doing OK , Joe .
I can't because I already promised my roommate that I would go shopping with her .
Did you have a certain movie in mind ?
I kind of wanted to see “ The Secret Life of Bees . ”
Hello , this is Garry Hao . I am calling to inquire the position of English interpreter .
I graduated from the Beijing Foreign Studies University . My major is English Translation and Interpretation .
Excuse me , do the buses stop here ?
I want to go to Broadway and 82nd Street.Can I take any bus that comes along ?
How often do the buses run ?
Fine.How long does it take to get to 82nd Street ?
Yes , I am . I arrived only three days ago from Japan .
I like it very much , but it's a little confusing to me .
Thank you for the information .
Hi Linda , this is Todd .
I just wanted to tell you what a great time I had with you at the movies last week .
I also enjoyed it and was wondering if you would like to go for a hike in the mountains with me on Saturday .
Sure Linda , that's a great suggestion .
I was thinking maybe 9 o'clock or so , so that we could get started before the heat gets too bad .
Jenny , you're too lazy . You should do some exercise . See , you're getting fat .
That is your excuse .
Walker Airline Travel Agency.May I help you ?
I am sorry . All the seats are booked . How about next Monday ?
OK , sir . I have added your name to the waiting list.We will call you as soon as possible .
Look , there's no way we can convince people they need fresh motor oil every morning .
It tastes funny . Why can't people just stick to plain and simple coffee ?
Where is our son , dear ?
What happened ? Have you talked with him ?
Operator ! Operator !
Yes , I was talking to a party . We were disconnected .
Garage sale , what does that mean ?
How much is the tape record ?
That's really cheap . I will take it .
Welcome to our company .
An impressive officer is vital to the image projected by the company .
She is dealing with customers and driving up new business . The guy next to her is in charge of their office computer network .
He is our accountant .
Hello , IBA Bank , how can I help you ?
You can withdraw money from your account either over the counter or via the ATM .
Actually , you only need to give 7 days notice if you wish to withdraw funds . Of course , you will lose some interest due to the withdrawal .
I want to have a continental breakfast .
Neither , can I have them scrambled ?
We need to figure out how much money we are spending and what we are spending it on ?
Well , I think we could be saving more .
Let's see . We spent 700 dollars for our home loan payment , 400 on groceries , 75 on utilities , 250 on gasoline , 100 on books and 300 on entertainment last month .
We put 500 into the savings account and 750 into our stock account .
Hello , this is Wang Lu and I am calling to confirm my reservation .
It's ZN741 to Atlanta on July 1st .
Chen Hong , too .
Toronto is really a lovely place to visit .
Is there anything wrong ?
Don ’ t worry . That ’ s just a part of being a teenager .
You should encourage her to make up her mind by herself . You shouldn ’ t affect her decision .
Oh , she can make her own decisions .
Believe me . Everything will be ok .
Good evening , sir . Are you ready to order now ?
Chinese food is divided into eight big cuisines , such as Cantonese food , Sichuan food , Fujisan food , etc . Our restaurant is famous for Sichuan style .
Yes . Cantonese food is lighter while Sichuan food is spicy and hot .
How about the eggplant and minced pork in dry red chili sauce and the ' Tofu ' beancurd ? They are our specialties .
Yes . Sour soup of Sichuan style . It's our chef ’ s recommendation .
Sir , your dish will take 5 minutes to prepare . While waiting , would you like anything to drink ?
What is your technical title ?
Why do you choose this field as your career ?
I ’ m so frustrated !
I called the electronics shop to find out what time they close , and it took me twenty minutes to get what I wanted !
yes.They have some sort of digital receptionist.So when I called in , a machine told me to push a button for the department I wanted to be transferred to .
I just kept pushing buttons . I was transferred to customer service , but there a machine told me to choose between technical help , warranty information , or price information .
What kind of personality do you think you have ?
Do you think you are introverted or extroverted ?
What do you think is the most important thing for you to be happy ?
Do you have any friend you would call really close ones ?
What kind of people would you like to work with ?
What kind of people you find hard to work with ?
Cool camera . What are its features ?
What about the quality of the pictures ?
Wow ! What about the memory ?
May I help you ?
Let me see . Oh , you're at the wrong gate . Your plane leaves from Gate No . 8 .
Hi , Mary , you have been a secretary for several years in this company . Could you tell me what a secretary should do for a meeting or a conference ?
What should a secretary do to prepare for a meeting ? Can you tell me a bit more about it ?
I see , and how about the documents and the information ?
And what should a secretary do during the meeting ?
And after the meeting ?
Hello , sir . Have you anything to declare ?
OK . Please open your luggage , and I'll tell you what you should declare .
You should declare the camera and the film . Do you have alcohol ?
How many bottles have you got with you ?
I'm sorry . According to the regulations , a passenger can only take two bottles on to the aircraft . So you cannot take so many .
You may give them to your friends who come to see you off . This is the Customs Declaration Form . Please fill in it . And then you can go through the other formalities . Be sure to keep the form safe .
Your definition on success ?
What ’ s your ideal job ?
How would you describe your relationship with your last two supervisors ?
How would your present boss describe you ?
What would your colleagues say about you ?
Hello ?
Sorry , I think you have the wrong number .
Yes . Who are you looking for again ?
Oh , I thought you said Laura . Sorry about that . This is the right number , but Heather's not here right now .
She went to the store to buy some groceries . Would you like to leave a message ?
Hi Eric , this is her roommate Kathy . I met you a couple months ago at the Christmas party .
Good . Heather will be back in about 20 minutes . I'll tell her you called .
Waiter , a menu please !
Thank you . Could you tell me the specials today ?
Ok , let's think about it for a minute .
You say he was around average hight .
Weight ?
Any karks on his face ?
Glasses ?
what about his hair ?
Long or short ? Straight ? Curly ?
Boy , this surely doesn't help us much.It could be anybody.How about his cloth ? What was he wearing .
Ok , now we are getting some where.Pants ?
What kind of shoes ?
Cow while Boots .
Hello , welcome to the International Business Counter , Sir . What can we do for you today ?
Of course . Is there a problem with them ?
You will need to return the documents . That's no problem ; we can deal with that for you now .
Hi , are you Catherine ?
Thanks , good to meet you , too .
Yes , and the food was horrible !
Great ! How will we be getting there ?
Hello . I want to purchase an old music box .
I was hoping I could find something made in the ' 20s .
I hope at least one of them has dancing figures .
So hard to choose . I think I'll take this one .
Does a warranty come with this music box ?
I just thought I would ask .
I can ’ t find my purse . Have you seen it ?
I ’ Ve looked everywhere for it . I must have left it somewhere . I hope I haven ’ t lost it .
No , I had it when I left school this afternoon .
Yes , I ’ d better give her a call now .
I had a look yesterday . I found some exhibits are fine in quality and beautiful in design . The exhibition has successfully displayed to me what your corporation handles . I have gone over the catalogue and the pamphlets enclosed in your last letter . I have got some idea of your exports . I am interested in your silk blouses .
Some of them are of the latest style . Now I have a feeling that we can do a lot of trade in this line . We wish to establish business relationship with you .
Concerning our financial position , credit standing and trade reputation , you may refer to our bank.or to our local chamber of commerce or inquiry agencies .
That sounds interesting ! I'll send a fax . As soon as I receive the definite answer , I'll give you a special answer .
So do I .
That is what I want to say .
Sorry . The car breaks down and it needs to be repaired .
My wife and I are thinking about taking our parents with us on a vacation . Do you have any suggestion about where to go ?
Sometimes what young people like is different from the old . Maybe we can go visit first and then do some shopping .
What should we bring besides a change of clothes , money and some snacks ?
Oh , yes ! I didn't think about that.Thank you for reminding me . How many days should we spend on a vacation ?
It seems that good planning for a family vacation is important to make sure everyone will be happy .
Owl ! I've twisted my ankle . I slipped on that greasy patch over there . I don't think it's broken but it really hurts .
Can I have this shoe in the black please ?
Okay .
Dad , you've been driving for three hours . Why don't we have a switch ?
Trust me . I've been driving for two years .
I would like to know is it a direct flight to Dubai ?
Too bad . I hate transferring during a flight . It is too complex .
Really ? It used to cost a few hours .
Anything else ?
Our employees receive fifteen days of paid vacation every year . If you don ’ t use the full fifteen days , they carry over to the following year .
You get five paid sick days .
Yes , we have an excellent retirement plan and medical insurance as well .
What is your greatest strength ?
Why do you say that ?
Do you do a lot of your shopping online ?
No . I ’ m a little worried about security . You never who ’ s trying to find out your codes and passwords . Aren ’ t you worry about that ?
I ’ m surprised to hear you say that . I thought you loved anything technological .
So , how about coming to the department store with me ? I want to see if there are any new summer clothes on sale yet .
Sure . While you ’ re in the computer store . I will visit the book store opposite . I like to browse through their books if they have anything interesting .
When we get paid for this assignment , you get US $ 2 , TOO , and I get US $ 3,000 .
Hey , Michael . Remember me ? I'm Becky . We used to work at Lemans together .
It's about the same . I've been thinking of making a change myself . Do you mind if I ask you a few things about your job at the university ?
Well , I was wondering what the salaries are like ? I mean ... are they much lower than the corporate world ?
Yeah , that's what I thought . But , I've heard that the perks are better . I was wondering if that was really true .
Oh , that's great . It sounds like you're really happy with your move .
Hi , my name is Tom .
Nice to meet you too.Melinda .
Really ? This is a nice office , but it's quite small .
It looks like you guys work hard .
Hmm ... Tell me more details about our jobs .
Shall we go to the library by subway ?
OK . There is no subway in my city .
Yes . Does it operate night and day ?
Where do we pay the fare ?
Do I have to pay an additional fare to change trains ?
Please come in , Steven .
Have a seat over there . How are things going out in the office ?
But , our business has been going down sharply the couple of months and we have to reduce some staff .
I'm afraid so .
You're the sales manager , but our sales didn't go up .
Could you check my list to see whether I have forgotten anything ?
I will open the suitcase and you read through the list .
Why ?
That makes sense . I will do it .
I'll cook dinner for you .
Good morning . Do you have a small house for the 18th and 19th of this month ?
One bedroom will be okay .
You do allow pets , don't you ?
No problem . I don't have a dog or a cat .
Could you change this note for me , please ?
Eight tens , six ones and large silver for others .
Thanks .
this is the route I thought we could take on our hike on Saturday afternoon .
it ’ s about six or seven miles . That ’ s about the kilometers .
right . Then we turn left and walk up this small hill . The view from the top of the hill is worth the climb . We can eat a snack there .
we can spend a few minutes looking around the church . Then , we turn right and walk along this path .
yes , we can , but it isn ’ t very interesting .
that ’ s right .
I think it will take about four hours , including breaks .
Hi , Jack ! How are you doing ?
Same old thing.What about a drink ?
Good day . How can we assist you ?
It certainly is . Do you have your contract and Import License ?
Thanks . What you need to do now is deposit 100 % of the guaranteed funds of your contract into your account with us .
When will I get a raise ?
You said the same thing three months ago .
You mean I won't get a raise until recession ends ?
How do you do ? My name is Beef Hart .
Happy to see you .
Hi , Xavier . I'd like to go over the list of jobs for next week's maintenance shut .
Our production people won't be happy about that . We've got a full order book at the moment . Is there any way you could speed things up ?
Julia , what time is it ?
Oh , my God ! I'm going to be late ! I have no time to have breakfast now . ( Hurry on his clothes . )
Oh , I have a poor memory now . I haven't had enough sleep lately . I had a bad dream just now .
Hello , I hope to get a room for the night .
Sorry , I don't .
I only need a single room .
Smoking if possible .
I am very grateful . How much will it be ?
Oh dear . I don't have it with me . Do you take debit cards or should I pay with cash ?
I've just got Bean's new brand image . Let's make a T-shirt line with these pics .
Exactly ! With the war in Iraq , they'll sell like crazy around the world .
Sure . I'd rather show Bean in a garter belt , but all in good time .
Do you have a room available for this weekend ?
I'd like two twin beds , please .
That's fine . Do you have any specials for your guests ?
Good . Let me give you my credit card number to reserve a room .
Would you mind telling me if this is the right way to the police station ?
Should I take a bus ?
Happy Mother ’ s Day , Mom !
Of course I should have ! You certainly deserve them ! You put up with all of us .
What did you do at that company ?
If a consumer complains about the quality of your products , what will you do ?
Please pull your table down . It's lunch hour .
What would you like , sir ?
You may choose from the fish and beef .
Here you are . Would you like a cup of tea or coffee ?
We have a selection of orange , apple , grape and lemonade .
All right . Will there be anything else ?
Sure . Here you are .
Tell me a little bit about yourself , please .
What kind of jobs have you had ?
Would you like to tell me something about your outstanding achievements ?
What special skills do you have , can you tell me ?
I know in your resume that you have worked in your present company for 3 years . Can you tell me why you want to leave your present job and join us ?
Well , I think our interview is complete then . We will give you a call in ten days or so .
Hello . I have a room booked for tonight , the 15th .
It's Marcia Gleason .
Yes , a single , thanks .
Come on in.Let me show you the house.Isn ' t it something ?
Have you ever seen such a nice house ?
This is the kitchen.Every - thing's new .
Good morning . Vane Theater , at your service .
Well , there will be charity performance on Saturday night . And also , there will be a solo concert by an opera star on Sunday night .
Sure . It's to raise money for the homeless .
Oh , it's a reserved opera named ' The Monkey Creates Havoc in Heaven ' .
It surely is . And the cast is really the best .
The price varies according to the seats . 300 for the front , 200 for the middle , and 50 for the back . Which kind would you like ?
Yes , we have subtitles both in Chinese and English on the big-screen just beside the stage .
Sure . And our theater is located on Liberty Avenue , just opposite the biggest guitar store . Can I have your name ?
Good morning , Miss Monica . Nice to meet you again !
After the internal discussion , we have all agreed that you are the most suitable person for this position among all the candidates . So , today let ’ s talk about your expected salary and social benefits . What is your expected salary ?
The basic salary for this position in our company would be 4800 Yuan to start with increases giving according to your performance .
40 hours a week , Monday to Friday , 9 AM to 5 PM with one hour lunch break every day ..
We do expect overtime work when it is necessary , but we pay twice of the work hour for working on weekends and three times for working on national holidays like Spring Festival and the Mid-Autumn Day .
Good afternoon . It's a pleasure to see you again ! What can we do for you today ?
Have you had a chance to go through them yet ?
Is it a big difference ?
Can I give you a lift home , Mrs Word ?
Could you hold my umbrella when I get my keys out , please ?
Dreadful . There , the door is open now .
Roger ? Would it be possible to meet with you to discuss my department ’ s budget ?
All right . That ’ ll be fine . Can you put together a rough idea of the kind of money I ’ ll have available for the next year ?
John , it ’ s time to get up .
It is . Hurry up ! You ’ ll be late for school .
It ’ s nearly half past seven .
It ’ s slow . Hurry up ! The bus goes at twenty to eight .
Positive . I ’ ll put the radio on .
No , it isn ’ t . It ’ s stopped . I forgot to wind it up last night .
Are you ready to order now , sir ?
You have a choice of vegetables , green peas , lima beans or spinach .
Yes , sir . What would you want to drink , coffee , tea or milk ?
The cream and sugar are on the table , sir .
Would you like to order some dessert ?
Ice cream , fresh fruit or chocolate cake .
Yes , sir .
Excuse me , driver , you have kept us waiting for 15 minutes . Can't we start the tour right now ?
Finally . How long does the tour last ?
You know Iden , I don ’ t know much about you . Where were you born ?
What was your childhood like ?
Do you get along with your parents now ?
Where did you go to university ?
What ’ s your current occupation ?
Did you always know you wanted to be a writer ?
How did you start writing ?
Are you writing a book now ?
Good evening , sir . Are you Mr Jim Stewart from the States ?
Glad to meet you , Mr Stewart . I'm the guide from Pacific Tour Agency . My name is Zhang Hua .
I'm always at your service , sir . By the way , did you have a pleasant trip ?
Well , shall we go to the hotel right now ? I've already made a reservation for you .
So we must get you to the hotel as soon as possible . I hope to see you refreshed and revitalized tomorrow morning , as we are going to visit the Great Wall .
Come this way , please . The coach is waiting outside .
Julia , burglaries in our town have been on the wing .
I heard that a robbery happened in our town several days ago . The robbers ripped off a car in broad daylight .
I am worrying about it too . I want to install a security door .
Yes , I think so . The security door is so firm that nobody can break in .
Ahahah ! What is that thing on your couch ! It just moved !
You have a pet lizard ? Somehow I never would have imagined that .
Does it bite or scratch ?
Wow . He's heavy ! And his skin feels really cool .
You are going to work as my office secretary from next Monday . Right now I want to show you the rules of our company .
The working hours are from 9:00 to 11:30 in the morning and from 1:30 to 5:30 in the afternoon . Make sure never to be late or absent . Every time you should use the employee card to show you are present whenever you come into the company .
Hi , do you know a place that sells cheap cashmere sweaters ?
That's a good idea !
Thank you for the suggestion .
What're you going to wear today ?
You'd better tuck in your shirt .
Are you a good driver ?
I need you to teach me how to drive .
Yes , I have it .
I drove a car before , but only once .
I already know all of them .
When do you have time ?
How far do we have to go ?
The traffic is not very heavy on this high way , is it ? So I ’ m sure we ’ ll make it .
Don ’ t worry . There ’ s plenty of time yet .
I need some flowers for my wife because it is her birthday .
How much are the roses ?
That sounds like a good deal .
I'll take a dozen .
No , the roses will be fine .
Could you do me a favour ? Please give me some confidential information .
Well , what's the matter with you ?
Have you got a headache ?
Are you coughing much ?
Now , let me listen to your chest . Ah , you have a temperature . Breathe deeply . That's right . Well , don't worry , it's only a throat infection . There's nothing wrong with your lungs . And how is your appetite ?
Show me your tongue , please . All right , stay in bed and keep yourself warm . I'll prescribe some pills for you to take .
Yes . You'll be better in a few days , I'm sure .
May I help you ?
How long is your journey ?
The popular tour of the season is a 14 - days ' sightseeing to Venice . Are you interested in that city ?
Good morning . What can I do for you , sir ?
Very well . Please sit down here . Do you want me to cut your hair very close ?
It's such a hot season , isn't it ? May I suggest thinning out the top ?
( several minutes later ) Now it's done . Is it satisfactory ?
Anything else I can do for you , sir ?
I'd like to book a ticket to Shanghai .
As soon as possible . Do you have a flight tomorrow ?
That will be OK .
Just me this time .
Economy class will be fine .
I would like to book a one way trip ticket .
I would like to pay by check .
I'll pay by charge card then .
Lucy Green .
Thanks a lot .
My , it looks too queer !
Great ! Will you please tell me how to take it ?
That sounds very interesting !
I'm looking for a necklace for my girl friend as a birthday present .
I like that one over there . Can you show it to me ?
Exactly . How much do you want for it ?
Is it made of pure gold ?
Thank you very much for your dinner .
My wife is expecting me at home . I must be off now.So long !
Good afternoon .
Speaking .
Let me check my diary . Er . I'm afraid I can't make Tuesday . I've got to go to Beijing for a conference . I'll come back on Thursday .
Yeah , that would be fine . What time ?
Are you ready for your first driving lesson ?
The pedal on your left is the brake and the one on your right is the gas .
Automatics are very simple to drive . The first thing you should do is put your seat belt on .
Very funny . Next you should check your side mirrors and your rear view mirror . Can you see out of them ?
How ’ s that ?
Check your petrol situation .
That ’ s a good idea . Put your keys in the ignition , start it up , put the car in reserve , wait for the road to be clear , and then back out of the driveway .
Remember , no honking this time . The horn is only for emergencies !
Please file all the reports for me .
Yes . Will you also make copies and file them using both methods ?
Good . Can you please also list all the documents in those old files ?
Before next Friday .
What are your strengths and weaknesses ?
Why are you qualified for this position ?
What can you contribute to the position of a market analyst ?
What job-related skills do you have ?
Stand back from the door , please . There're plenty of seats in the rear .
One yuan fifty cents . Drop it in the box here .
Take a No . 2 . This is No . 12 .
Then this is the right bus . Move on , please . You're holding up the passengers . Tian'anmen Square is the last stop but one .
Are you familiar with American-styled accounting ?
What are the most fundamental concepts underlying the accounting process ?
Excuse me . Who is the person responsible for handling complaints here ? I would like to make a few complaints .
Here is the thing . I was woke up by strange noises of the telephone several times last night . Even I unplugged it , it wouldn't stop beeping . I am also not satisfied with the housekeeping service in my room . So I want to change to a cleaner and quieter room .
I'm glad we took the train . I don't like to ride in buses .
Even in Taiwan , I always liked to take the train . It is more comfortable .
Look at that village !
Do you think I can take a picture through this window ?
Excuse me . I ’ m a stranger here and lost my way .
Sure . Can I get to the central department stall this way ?
Is it far ?
And do you know where the national bank is ?
Thanks very much .
What kind of job are you interested in ?
I really appreciate that I would expect my secretary to be able to work independently and take over some of my ordinary responsibilities , such as answering routine correspondence , taking phone calls for me and sometimes assisting me with personal affairs .
Have you had any experience as a guide ?
Once in a while we have visitors from abroad and I would like to be able to ask my secretary to take them shopping and sightseeing .
Mr . Jackson , I've drafted a schedule for your business trip next week . You may have a look .
You're leaving on Tuesday morning .
Your flight takes off at 8
Yes , you're seeing him on Thursday . You're inspecting the factory in the morning and having dinner with him in the evening .
in China at least , coffee is often associated with an exotic , well-to-do bourgeois lifestyle . Coffee is often considered a hobby of the well-educated , middle-class people .
yes . Behind a lifestyle , there is a culture . Young people easily become blind worshippers of a Westernized life . While they may not really life coffee , they think it desirable and enviable to be lavish
well . Tea represents another facet of popular culture . While a coffee bar is usually quiet and resonates with soft , elegant music , a teahouse is often a noisy , crowded , public space . People visit tea
We did a survey on your job performance .
Not so good . Lots of complains .
How are you , Mr Wilson ? I am Tina .
Please have a seat . I know our employment of forcer has already given you the information about your employee contract , but I'd like to go over the main details again before signing . First , you'll be getting a monthly salary , with one month paid vacation after one year of service .
You'll be covered by our medical plan while on duty.Since you'll be middle management , you're expected to be available up to 1.5 hours past normal working hours.Any approved time over that will be paid at time and a half , which you can take as salary or time off .
A reasonable number of sick days will be covered by the company.Any extended illness will be covered by insurance.Have you read the other terms of the contract ?
Do you have any other questions ?
Yes , it is , but you'll have to discuss the details with your manager .
That was a beautiful car . It ’ s a new car , but it ’ s totaled .
I don ’ t think I could afford that kind of car again . I think I ’ ll have to choose something that is not as hard to replace .
What will happen if I chose a smaller car ? Would the payments be the same ?
I want to have this photo enlarged .
I want to have it the size of a page from an ordinary book .
One is OK . How much does it cost ?
Here's twenty yuan .
Is this your first time visiting Beijing ?
I think so . You can get anywhere by bus and taxi is not expensive .
Good morning , mom .
I'm still sleepy .
Have you taken the written test yet ?
You should study before you take it .
Why don't you take the test ?
Since you already paid for your permit , you don't have to pay again .
No , the test skips a lot of things in the book .
No , I didn't , because it was pretty hard .
Peter , where are you going ?
Won't you watch TV ?
The TV station will air the World Cup football match alive at 8: 30 .
The Brazilian team versus the American team . Don't miss it .
Who do you think will win ?
Hello , welcome to Credit Services . How can we help you ?
Are you an existing customer ?
May I ask why you didn't think of applying for a credit card with us sooner ? Most young people jump at the chance .
That's very sensible of you . We have many fresh graduates applying for credit cards , getting them and then going on a spending spree and being unable to meet the repayments .
Good morning , I would like to make a doctor ’ s appointment .
I have been having skin problems that aren ’ t going away .
No . Except for the rash , I feel fine .
I would like to come in on Tuesday .
I would like to see Dr . Smith .
Have you had any medical experience in any hospital before coming here ?
How long have you been there ?
In what section did you work in the hospital ?
What a washing machine ! It ’ s getting worse today . Look ! Now it doesn ’ t work at all . I think I need a new one .
I think we should buy some souvenirs to take home .
Good idea . I noticed that on our way to the tower there are so many shops selling all kinds of souvenirs .
Excuse me ?
Well , I bought this skirt here yesterday afternoon . But I got the wrong size . It ’ s too small for my daughter . I wonder if I could refund it .
I intended to , but as far as I know , all the skirts of this kind here are of the same size .
Sorry to have given you trouble .
I think you made the right choice , coming to us.We have a wide selection of vehicles you can choose from .
All our cars have stereos in them.Stereos , air conditioning . It's all standard with us .
Oh , is that so ? Well , then . Let me show you something she might like . It's on our back lot .
Yes . Beautiful , isn't it ?
Well , sir . You said you were looking at cars at the rental agency at the airport.Now with them you'd spend your money and get nothing for it.But you could probably rent this Porsche from us , for the same price as one of their standard cars .
It's because our prices are so good.And this car has a lot of miles on it . But it's in nice shape , isn't it ?
What's going on with you ?
I'm having a party this Friday .
Is that right ?
Can you go ?
It starts at 8 o'clock .
I hope that I'll see you there .
You must like negotiating a lot . People are saying , you are a super negotiator .
I am not good at it by any means . Give me some advice .
Sounds easy . But how can I apply to practice ? I am thinking about applying for more reimbursement for my mobile bill . But I am afraid our boss will turn me down .
Thanks for coming to see me today .
I missed you too .
I've been really busy .
Working .
What have you been doing ?
Well regardless , I'm very happy that you came to see me .
How may I help you , miss ?
Would you like to have a perm ?
Oh , absolutely .
Hi ! Susan ! I haven ’ t seen you for ages !
Oh , fine . Hey , why don ’ t we grab a bite to eat and do some catching up ?
Is there a sofa in the living room ?
That ’ s too bad . Is there a desk in the living room then ?
Where are the chairs ?
Good afternoon . Can I help you ?
Do you have a reservation ?
Wait a moment , please . Oh , yes , Steven Smith . It's for a single room with a bath . Is that right ?
Now , Mr . Smith , could you fill out this registration form , please ?
The restaurant is on the second floor . Here is the key to your room . It's on the 6th floor , room 609 . The elevator is over there . And we also have a cafeteria on the top floor , if you would like something to drink , you can also call room service .
Help me sort out my problem , will you ?
I know it ’ s so costly , but ...
Is it true that one of our competitors is planning to launch their tracking service next month ?
Or they'll take over the market before we even get started .
Excuse me . May I see Mrs . Smith ?
Nice to meet you , Mrs . Smith . I'm coming here for an interview by appointment .
Yes , I am .
What seems to be the problem ?
Let ’ s have a look . Mmmm . This doesn ’ t look too good . I think we may have to pull out your wisdom tooth . It ’ s pressing against your molars and that ’ s one of the reasons you are experiencing so much pain .
First we will take some x-rays and see what we ’ re dealing with . I also noticed a small cavity up front here , so you are going to need a filling .
May I help you ?
How about this one ? It smells like green tea and is our best seller . Try it .
It goes for $ 40 .
I had a big argument with david yesterday . I hope he ’ s not still mad at me .
he borrowed some money from me and I needed it back . He said he didn ’ t have the money yet .
yes , but is got angry with him too quickly . He probably thought that I mistrusted him . I shouldn ’ t have got angry .
not much . I had to pay an unexpected bill , so I needed the money back .
no , we didn ’ t . I guess you ’ re right . We should patch things up .
Doctor Lin's Office .
How about 2 o'clock this afternoon ?
I need some flowers for my wife . It's her birthday .
How much are the roses ?
That sounds like a good deal .
I'll take a dozen .
No , the roses will be fine .
I wonder if you can help me . I ’ m looking for a room .
How much do you charge ?
OK.Can I see the room now ?
The dress looks beautiful . Can I touch it ?
I see . What about the dress over there ? I would like to try it on .
Please show me the menu , Miss .
Yes . I'd like an Italian soup to start with and then some fried noodles .
Yes , I'd like another cup of coffee afterwards . Make it hot , please .
How long are you staying ?
May I ask what brought you here ?
What line of business are you in ?
Where are you going to play this weekend ?
I want to spend two days in the mountains with friends . The city is too noisy . Do you know Tangle Temple ?
Do you want to climb the mountain with us ?
No problem . The temple is quite large .
I'm getting a little excited now . What clothes should I wear ?
Anything else I should bring ?
Hello , Lincoln Bank . Kristy speaking , how may I help you today ?
I can deal with that , Sir . Are you interested in our personal or corporate card ?
I'm sorry , Sir , but you will need to come in to your local branch to deal with the application procedure . Come in and fill out an application form and let us have a duplicate of your ID card . You'll also need a copy of your guarantor's and he or she will need to sign the form , too .
You'll need to deposit 1,500 RIB initially . There will also be some small additional charges for this service .
It should all be sorted out within 5 working days after receipt of the required documents .
Sorry to bother you , but do you have change for a one ?
I need it for the parking meter .
You ’ re all set to leave .
What are your plans ?
What will your major be ?
You don ’ t have plans to end up back here , do you ?
You don ’ t belong here .
Good luck with your life .
A Westerner said to his Chinese friend . “ Chinese people slurp when drinking soup . It ’ s disgusting . ” The Chinese friend replied , “ Westerners make a lot of noise licking their fingers when eating . It ’ s even worse . ”
I attended a course on table manners while I was in the United States . Some of the things we learnt included how to place the napkin and utensils and how to pass the bread . Before each course , the teacher would ask if we wanted to learn the Continental European way or the American way . We always said “ American way . ” It ’ s amazing that everyone is so used to their own table manners . What is the Chinese way ?
Not really . I did some research about Chinese table manners . The important rule is to remain silent while eating . Of course , this refers to family meals only . Not talking over meals is supposed to be good for the health . It is impolite if people do not talk to each other during a social party . The table arrangements and serving order for a social party are equally complicated . Each dish should be placed in the correct position . When fish is served , the tail should be pointing at the guest because tail meat is supposed to be tasty . If it is in winter , the stomach should face the right-hand side of the guest because that portion of the fish is very rich in winter . Each dish should be commenced by the eldest person who is seated at the head of the table . The diners should sit close to the table so food won ’ t drop on their cloths . No noise should be made when chewing . No one should move food back to the communal plate even if he doesn ’ t like it . One should drink soup slowly and is not supposed to make a lot of noise . All these table manners are very similar to Western habits .
Can I help you ?
Is this taxi taken ?
Yes . Will you take me to the station ?
Actually , you can take advantage of our " New Millennium Woman " promotion .
Yes . If your " Love , Amy " purchases amount to 10,000 NT or more , you get a V . I . P . card and a 20 percent discount .
My name is James Owen . I ’ m Manager of Sales . How do you do ?
Thank you for coming . Did you have any trouble finding the office ?
I apologize for this mess . They ’ Ve got me handling so many projects , and it ’ s hard to keep things organized .
Well . Miss Sun , as you know , we are looking for an executive secretary with good English skills and some business background . We looked over your resume and thought you might be a good candidate .
Today's interview is for us to get to know a little about you . If needed , there will be a more lengthy interview later . So , if you ’ re comfortable , let's begin .
So how did you like the restaurant ?
What didn't you like about it ?
What did you think about the food ?
The service wasn't that great , either .
Do you think that you want to try this restaurant another time ?
How do you feel ?
Here is the bigger size .
Have you watched any of the talent shows on TV ?
Yeah , and they know exactly what the audiences have in mind . Everyone desires equal opportunities and a channel to climb up the social ladder all the way to the highest in society .
But it seems that these talent shows are getting less popular these days . There's no such program on this year .
No surprise . The over-the-top promotion has ruined the audiences ' appetite .
The same is true for ' My Hero ' . Winners of the contest used to star in the TV series ' The Frog Prince ' .
This is the rush hour .
Let ’ s drive off this road .
Excuse me , how can I get special discount coupons ?
Can I get a discount coupon if I buy these goods ?
But how much discount can I get if I use it to buy goods next time ?
Can I buy everything in the supermarket by it ? .
How long can I keep it ?
I see . I will take 9 bags of sugar so that I can get 3 coupons .
My wife is in labor !
Is Doctor Hawkins here ? She ’ s our doctor . We called her from the car .
Thanks . Sorry . It just came as such a surprise . The baby isn ’ t due for another two weeks .
About fifteen minutes .
Yes .
Ange , can your dog do any tricks yet ?
Really ? Does he chase balls ?
This can't be the same dog . He's so clean , he shines .
Good morning , miss .
How would you like it ?
Hello , what can I do for you ?
Don't worry . I will help you soon . Please fill in this form first . And write down your name , your account number and the amount in your card please .
OK . May I see your ID card ? ( B passed his ID card . ) Please wait for a moment . Let me go and check the account . ( A few minutes later . ) We have locked your card . You can come here to renew the account and get a new card a week later . Your money will not be lost .
Please pay 10 yuan , the handling charge .
Nice to meet you .
I ’ m excited to speak to a candidate .
What is your stand on gay marriage ?
So , would you make gay marriage legal ?
I ’ m sure plenty of people won ’ t like that .
I like that .
What can I do for you ?
Yes , sir .
We'll visit the generally well-known spots .
Five days ' time will be OK .
Excuse me . Could you help me ?
I'm looking for a leather belt for my husband .
Size 36 . . . I think .
Dark brown , if you have it .
Yes . I'm sure he will . I'll take it .
Do you take Master Card ?
What do you think about all the different diets that people go on ?
But what do you think about people who are obese ? What should they do to lose weight ?
So you think it's OK for people who are dieting to eat chocolate , don't you ?
How about drinking soda ?
And have you ever tried taking vitamins ?
How do you know so much about food and dieting ?
How are you making out these days ?
Hello , is that Miss Lan ? This is Nina with Huawei Corp .
I'd like to tell you that you could come to work with us .
I have a good feeling about this house .
I love the paint job !
What a beautiful home !
I like the way the blinds give you privacy from the street .
I love that they put a wine storage area in the kitchen .
I love the relaxing colors in the tile and floor covering !
Can I help you , Sir ?
Fill in the slip , stating the exact amount you wish to withdraw , please .
OK , do you want large notes or small ones ?
Here's the cash for you .
Can you offer the Five Insurances for me ?
How are they get paid ?
I received an eviction notice from you , and I don ’ t understand what it means .
You can ’ t make me move just for being late with my rent .
Are you throwing me out ?
If I catch up on my rent , can I stay ?
I will go get the money right now .
Excuse me , I've been waiting here for 10 minutes . Do you know how often does No . 636 run ?
It seems you got here at good time . Do you have a bus schedule ?
I see , thank you . By the way , is this the right bus for the Museum ?
Do I have to change ?
Thanks a lot .
How was your shopping trip Martin ?
Oh really ? Did you find any bargains ?
And how did you get around town ?
Right , so you didn ’ t get lost ?
Excuse me .
Can you tell me the way to the Peak Tram , please ?
Along Queen's Road ...
Right at the Hilton .
The Cathedral ?
That's very kind of you . Thank you.Er ... have you got a pencil ?
Do you want a taxi ?
Where to ?
Yes , I know it .
Yes , of course . Step in , please !
Buckle up the belt , please .
Have you anything to declare ?
Where did you buy it ?
Do you travel a lot ?
Twice a year ? How long has your sister lived in Boston ?
I see , that's a long time.How much was the watch ?
Yes , I'd like to see the receipt . Oh ! I see you bought the watch last week .
Yes , I'm afraid you will.Altogether on the watch and the perfume you owe me seven pounds .
Yes , that's fine . I hope you enjoyed your stay in Boston ?
How about this floor lamp ?
We still need to find an armoire and a dresser .
Great ! Pick me up in about an hour because I think I ’ ll also get a bean bag and a dining set .
Recliner ? In my beautifully decorated living room ? I don ’ t think so !
Fine , just get it ! We have been shopping for furniture for five hours ! I ’ m so tired !
Fine ! I am going to go home and drop off this nightstand , coffee table and love seat while you look for the rest of the things .
While you are at it can you pick out a nice recliner ? I really want one so I can watch TV .
I've just visited your showroom . You surely get a lot of fancy bedsheets . I like them very much .
20 is very colorful and feels nice . I'd like to start with it . Is it pure silk ?
Thank you for saying that . But what's the unit price ?
The price seems acceptable . Can you supply the bedsheets now if we order some ?
The Smiths are arriving at our city tomorrow . Can you draw up a schedule for them ? If they want to make any changes , minor changes can then be made .
They would like to visit our factory and have a look at the new type computer products . Besides , they will introduce their technique in computer manufacturing .
They would also like to have a meeting with our designers . And this time , their visit to our company will lay the basement for our cooperation , so you need to pay more attention .
Waiter ! May I see you for while ?
This is not what I asked for , I'm afraid .
Roast beef .
Roast beef , of course . That's what I ordered .
I would like to make a reservation for tomorrow .
Well , how about the 4th ?
Yes , Mr . Emory ?
Do you know which bus I can take to PCC ?
I live on Las Flores and Fair Oaks .
I'm okay with walking .
Do you know which direction it should be heading ?
Which stop do I get off on ?
Thank you for telling me .
Could you copy this document for me ?
A hundred and fifty . No , wait , make that a hundred and sixty .
No , thank you . That will be all for now .
I think I'm going to go get some food .
I can't decide what to get .
I think I might like some Chinese food .
I honestly don't know .
You like the food there ?
I think I'll go and get my food there .
May I speak to the apartment building manager , please ?
I was hoping that the apartment on Main Street was still available .
Yes , it would be nice to see the apartment .
Yes , I can be there at 6 .
I'm okay , thank you . I already checked out the address on MapQuest .
Is there anything that I need to bring with me ?
What should you do if you find out a man may has an illegal departure in exit control point ?
What else do you need to keep him in temporary custody ?
Good morning , Mary .
Sunny side up , please .
Good evening . This is Peter in Room 310 .
I'm going to Beijing early tomorrow morning . And I'd like to request an early morning call . Will that give you much trouble ?
Well , my train is due to take off at 7:25 a . m . I've no idea how long it'll take to drive to the railway station .
OK , thank you .
What kind of lease is it ?
Can I have a month-to-month lease ? I only want to rent the apartment for five months .
Well , then I don't think this would be a good apartment for me . Thank you anyway .
morning . Macmillan and Emory . May I help you ?
No , I ’ m sorry . You ’ Ve reached Mr . Macmillan ’ s office . Let me just put you through to accounting .
But what if I don't win what I bid on ?
It seems that you can e-mail the seller and ask questions .
And people are honest ?
Good morning Mr Smith . My name is Susan and I am a reporter for the Evening Star .
I was hoping to talk to you today about your business .
How long have you been the owner of your computer shop ?
And how many staff do you employ ?
So this is a family business .
And how many computers do you sell each day ?
That about one hundred a month .
Thank you B for your time .
Do you like cooking ?
To be honest , I don't really like doing either one , I can't cook and I hate cleaning .
I would rather do the dishes than cook .
let's make a deal .
I'm going to buy some vegetable and you cook .
Good morning.My name's Pat Green .
I read in the poster that you're looking for a student to work as a language assistant .
I think so.But before I apply , could you tell me more about the work ?
I used cassette recorders a lot when I studied English in high school .
How many hours would I work a day and what's the pay ?
OK , I'll take it .
My amenities bill says that I owe $ 10 for a movie , but I never ordered one .
That's absolutely wrong ! I was out exploring the city Monday night .
Thank you . I didn't think it would be this simple .
Are you serious ? I have to pay $ 2 for a movie I never watched ?
This is outrageous ! I'm never coming back to this hotel again !
First of all , I would like to thank you for your kind invitation to visit your beautiful country . I hope my visit will help to promote a friendly relationship between us .
I would like to tell you that my clients are very satisfied with the last delivery of your slippers . The styles and colors are very much to the taste of our market .
I understand you are selling the same products to some other Australian importers . This tends to complicate my business . As you know , I am experienced in the business of slippers and enjoy a good business relationship with all the leading whole - sabers and retailers in that line . I have a mind to expand this business in the years to come . One of the reasons of my visit here is to sign a sole agency agreement with you on these items for a period of 3 years . As it is to our mutual interests and profit , I am sure you'll have no objection to it .
I'll come to that . My proposal is
Well , I admit I always do business on the safe side . Could you let me have your proposal then ?
You certainly drive a hard bargain , Mrs . Brown .
Well , if you put it this way , I'll have to comply . When shall we sign the contract , Mrs . Brown ?
Can you direct me to some fresh produce that's on sale ?
Mangoes ? What are mangoes ?
Can you eat the seed ?
Well , how much are they ?
Can you describe their taste ?
How can I tell if they're ripe ?
Where do they grow mangoes ?
I have a package to post today .
Well , it has a cassette record ... a cassette tape .
By airmail please .
Yes , I'd like to insure it for 20 dollars . How much shall I pay altogether ?
Would you like to see our new shirts ?
They are very nice , you know .
And not expensive either .
Everybody's buying them .
Yes , they are very fashionable , you see .
How much would it cost to send this special delivery to England ?
Yes . I'd like to send a $ 20 money order .
I need to go to the bank .
Closed ? Are you kidding ? What is it , some kind of holiday today ?
Oh , it's the first of April , April fool's day
So I have , but I has reminded me at least one thing I need to remember .
Tomorrow is my wife's birthday .
What reasons do westerners drink for ?
I know what you mean there . In many circumstances , people kiss the baby for the nurse's sake . And that's what we do when drinking at a banquet . Even though we do have a rich variety of brand-name wines , like Matai and Showing Yellow Rice Wine , alcohol is usually served not for the enjoyment itself . We just be its Dionysus effect to enliven the atmosphere , improve personal association with each other and solidify friendship .
Yeah . It's of supreme importance that the goblet , table-cloth , and plates should be made shiningly clean , so that the color of the wine is clearly visible and the delicate aroma and taste are fully appreciable .
This is a very beautiful statue . What's it called ?
100th anniversary ? When was that ?
Sounds real good . It's a pity that I missed that .
An interesting meeting , isn't it ?
Let me introduce myself , by the way , my name is Dick Brown .
Sorry , what was your last name again ?
OK . I'm Dick .
Excuse me , is there a Post Office around here ?
How do I get there from here ?
How far is that ?
Take me to this address , please .
How much do I owe you , sir ?
Are you kidding ? The meter says 15 dollars , doesn't it ?
I don't get it . I'll go and have that doorman talk to you then .
Carla , I know you ’ re kind of new in this business and I want to give you some advice .
You have to listen to what the client asks for . What you have just shown me is not at all in line with the client ’ s wishes .
Could you show me my bill ?
Can I have it charged to my account , please ?
The bonus season is coming . How much of a bonus can I expect ?
I hope so . I think you will get a big bonus too . Bonus depends on your performance and you worked overtime almost every day .
I am going on a business trip to Guangzhou next Monday morning .
Yes , as the New Year is coming , they ’ re organizing a party for all their customers .
Sure .
No , no one has informed me of that so far , tell me .
I see . What about the maximum purdy and rate , any change ?
I will call them this afternoon , thanks .
Are you ready for your big interview tomorrow ?
Lots ! Have you done any research about the company ?
Have you updated your CV ?
Excuse me , sir . What would you like to eat , Chinese food or western food ?
Are you going to have this set course or have dinner in the dining room ?
Please put down the table in front of you . It's more comfortable that way .
It's my pleasure . What would you like to drink , milk , tea , coffee , orange juice or iced water ?
Yes , here you are . Enjoy your meal .
OK , enjoy yourself , sir .
It is beef . Do you like it ?
You are welcome . Please press that button if you need any help .
Hello , can I help you ?
Sure . We have one on the second floor .
This is the first floor . The second floor is one level up .
How about going swimming ?
Why don't we go down to the pool ? It's not too far from here .
Do you take vitamin pills regularly ?
Yes . Maybe you should do it too . You may not get enough vitamins from your food , you know .
How's that .
Kim , have you made contact with Mr . Lee ?
What seems to be the problem ?
Maybe his phone is out of order . Anyway , keep working on it . I really need an answer about the contract I sent him .
How do I set up an E-mail account ?
Which link ?
Oh , no . What did I do ? It's asking me for a password .
Yes .
Oh , I see .
Do you get up early every morning ?
Good habit . How long does it take ?
No , my little sister lives with me .
About 12 . She is a good girl .
do you have a minute ?
I've made a tough decision , sir . Here's my resignation .
I'm afraid not , sir . I've made up my mind . It's something I have to do .
oh , no . not at all .
no , sir .
Oh , no . I would never look for another job while working here . I think this is a fantastic place to work .
it's my mother . She's sick and needs someone to take care of her . I'm the only one who can do it .
really ? I didn't know that would be possible .
It ’ s very nice to meet you .
I can ’ t believe I ’ m actually speaking to a candidate .
I want to ask you what your policy is on gay marriage .
Would you make gay marriage legal ?
I know a lot of people wouldn ’ t agree with that .
I think that is really cool of you .
Hey , Susan . Have you got a sec ? I have some questions about my paycheck .
Well , this is my first paycheck here in the States and there are a few things I don't understand . First of all , what is this FICA , and SUI Y tax , and why are there deductions both for Medicare and for my health insurance plan ?
Then here we have a series of deductions . First off are the federal ones . FICA stands for Federal Insurance Contribution Act , or something like that . It's your federal income tax . And then there's Social Security and Medicare , which are both federal programs to help you out after you retire or if you were unable to work .
That's right . Below the federal deductions are the state deductions . There's the state income tax , and then this SUI / SDI tax you were asking about is paying into an unemployment and disability fund that our state has set up , but you can see it's a pretty small quantity that they take .
That's right . Not all states have an income tax . Some use higher property taxes or sales taxes instead .
No problem ! All those deductions do add up , and nobody's net pay is as high as they'd like . I can understand why you'd want some explanation .
Hello . How can we be of service ?
OK , are you already an account holder ?
To find out if you are eligible for our Fixed Asset Loan , we will have to look at various aspects of your business , such as your long-term business prospects , your cash flow , your profitability , your capital structure ...
Hello sir , how can I help you ?
Let ’ s see . Okay , so 50 mg of Prozac , would you prefer this in capsule or tablet ?
Okay , you should take 1 capsule 3 times a day.Be sure not to take it on an empty stomach , and also , don ’ t ever mix it with alcohol !
Okay , anything else I can get you ?
Sure . Darn condoms aren ’ t registered in our system .
How much tea are you going to order ?
When do you want to deliver the goods ?
I'm sorry , but June 30 is quite soon . I can't guarantee 1 500 cases , I'd prefer the first shipment to be 1,000 cases and the next 2,000 cases .
Let me affirm this again - the first shipment of 1,000 cases , to be delivered in 27 days , by June 30 , and the second shipment of 2,000 cases by August 15 . Right ?
Well , if there's nothing else , I think we've settled everything .
Do I often have to work overtime ?
Is there any extra pay for that ?
I finally found an apartment that I want to rent .
I saw it in this ad for apartments in today ’ s newspaper .
I really did , but what ’ s so great about it is that it ’ s really affordable .
Well , most importantly the apartment is beautiful .
The rent is $ 725 each month .
That ’ s what I said when I found out how much the rent was .
Excuse me . Do you have this in blue ?
And sorry . I can't find the price . How much is it ?
OK . Do you have it in extra small ?
Bill , I'm expecting a big increase in turnover with the coming of the Mid-Autumn Festival . But wholesales are unwilling to supply my orders unless I pay them an advance of 50 % of the full price , for my business is fairly new . I hope that you can make me an advance on loan .
No . I should be grateful if you could see your way to make an advance against my personal reputation . You may inspect my accounts . From my accounts you can see that I've promptly met all my obligations .
Yes , I can . You know Mr . Macready , the famous car dealer here in New York . He agreed to act as my guarantor of a loan in the sum of US $ l0 , 000 until the end of this year .
Hey Sarah , I'm having some trouble finding an apartment . Can you help me look at some listings online ?
Well , it has to be cheap . I don't want a really expensive apartment .
Excuse me , but could I use your bathroom ?
I am having some plumbing problems and need them fixed .
The toilet flushes really slowly .
Both the kitchen and the bathroom plumbing are messed up .
It has been going on for a while , but just started to get worse this morning .
Yes , I will be home this afternoon .
Have you seen the movie Batwoman ?
Yes , it's quite amusing , actually . Good plot , and Sharon Stone's in it .
Yeah , but she looks amazing .
Well , it's about this woman who got murdered because she discovered some company secrets about the cosmetics company she worked for . But then she got reincarnated as a cat .
I know . Stay with me . She then decided to get her revenge by revealing the company secret and killing the boss . First , though , she had to discover her true cat nature . At the end she had a big fight with Sharon Stone , who was the real danger in the company . She had actually murdered the boss , who was her husband , and then tried to frame Batwoman for the murder , so everyone thought Batwoman was evil .
No . Sharon Stone was married to the boss , who treated her badly , so she killed him . So where was I ? OK , so then , at the same time she fell in love with a cop , who was investigating the murder of the boss . Finally , she ditched the cop to follow her feline nature .
No , Sharon Stone did .
Can I help you , Ma'am ?
Cool phone . What kind of phone card do you want ?
Then the M-Zone will be suitable .
You know students use tested message service . And they provide favorable service for that .
Oh , there is a sales promotion for it now .
If you buy a pre-paid phone card worth 100 yuan today , you will get 50 yuan for free .
Sure . As many as you want .
Operator .
You can call direct if you like .
Yes , please .
Yes , the code for Australia is 61 and then dial the city code and the number . Start with the international code which is 00 .
Between six in the evening and eight in the morning , sir .
Certainly . Tell me the room number and your name , please ?
OK , Mr . Ma . I'll tell the front desk clerk the charge afterwards .
You're welcome . Bye .
What can I do for you ?
Yes , of course , this one costs 260 yuan .
If you think it's expensive . You can look at this one .
It's difficult to explain . But this one is really cheap .
Can I see your passport , please ?
Yes it is . Residents can queen up in the lines to my right .
What's the expiration date on your passport ?
I see . Yes , you'll need to renew your passport in a few months . Make sure you don't let it expire while you are in the UK .
Do you have anything to declare ?
How long will you be staying in the UK ?
What is the purpose of your stay ?
Where will you be staying ?
How do you plan on paying for your living costs and tuition fees while you are here ?
Ok . Have a good stay . Here's your passport and documents back .
See ? That wasn't so bad .
It might be sore for a while . You'll be OK . Now let's go home and rest .
No , sweetie . I'll make you some tomato soup and rice .
And vegetables with porridge .
What shall we do now ?
I've got all I need .
It smells good . Look at these . They make my mouth watering .
It will be our turn soon .
OK . I'll have many cream cakes today .
Mr . Martin ? I need to talk to you for a minute .
Well , I ’ d just like you to help me with the holiday schedule .
Hi . You said that you might need some help with preparing dinner . What would you like me to do ?
Ok , I ’ ll peel the vegetables and you chop them . I ’ m terrible at chopping vegetables . I always seem to chop them into pieces that are either too big or too small . ... wow ! You can chop vegetable really quickly , just like professional chefs on TV !
Which spices are you going to add to the meat ?
Yes . We don't want everyone to burn their mouths and have a drink gallons of water ! OK . I ’ m really to do the meat . Should I cook it over a low flame ?
Right . What are you doing over there ?
Bad news , I'm afraid . Our supplier has gone bust . The parts you ordered have arrived at the docks but the handling agent won't release them until someone pays the invoice . We also need to arrange transport to the factory .
Do you have any questions you want to ask ?
If necessary there will be . Any other questions ?
We'll give you our decision in a few days . How can we get in touch with you ?
Thank you for your interest in our company .
Would you please let the next applicant come in on your way out ?
What can I do for you today ?
Were you looking at a particular refrigerator ?
This particular refrigerator is a very good choice .
Not only is it affordable , but it comes with all the appliances .
It has an ice maker , water dispenser , and plenty of room on the inside .
Go right ahead .
May I help you ?
How do you want to send it ?
Is there anything valuable ?
They are fragile articles . They must be packed in a proper strong box . Your light cardboard box won't do .
Yes .
Yes . Now fill in two customs declarations and one despatch note in English . You'll have to take your parcel to the next window for examination when you have completed the forms .
Have you written down your return address ?
Recycling is big business these days , isn't it ?
What do you recycle in your plant ?
How is plastic recycled , then ?
Is that the method you use here ?
How do you do that ?
What is a visa used for ?
Oh . Where do I need to apply for a visa ?
Does it take a long time to get a visa ?
What materials do I need to provide ?
Hi . I want to get something nice for my niece .
I like that suggestion . Show me one , please .
Oh , my niece will love her ! How much for her ?
That's great . I'll take her .
Thank you , but no . This will do it for now .
I'll pay cash , thank you .
How do I take the tablets ?
How do I take the sucking lozenges ?
How do I take the pills ?
Well , thanks very much .
Do I need a visa ?
Yes , I know . I must get my traveler ’ s check and some foreign currency .
Really ? That ’ s very good of you , Helen . But I must get a new suitcase , my old one needs repairing .
That ’ s very kind of you , Helen . I hope you don ’ t mind my leaving you like this . I need a holiday . It won ’ t be long .
Hey , Joe ! Where have you been these past few days ?
Cool ! I ’ Ve always wanted to do something like that ! Have you learned anything useful ?
Have you treated any real emergencies ?
Waiter !
This is not what I asked for . I'm afraid .
I have to move .
I can ’ t stay here anymore .
What is the problem ?
Why not ?
But I need it back .
It will be impossible for me to stay here .
Good morning , doctor . I've been suffering very much from a toothache lately .
I think one of the back ones at the top is giving me the most trouble .
Oh , I hate having teeth pulled out . Will it hurt ?
Will it take long ?
Is it out ?
Waiter , please bring me some toast .
Pardon ?
I see , bring me the whole wheat toast .
Is there anything I can do for you ?
That's a good place to go at this time . How about this route ?
Is this taxi taken ?
Yes.Will you take me to the station ?
Ben , what are you doing ?
Why ?
Have you thought about graduate school ?
Would you mind telling me then — what were those four years of college for ? What was the point of all that hard work ?
Hello . Are you here to withdraw some money from your account at the Securities Company ? I'll need to see your Passbook for that account .
Thanks . OK ... your balance is 320,214 RIB . How much do you require today ?
Please fill in this transfer form and enter your password , here . Then the transaction should be completed .
I have lots of work to do . What ’ s more , my grandma is ill .
Where shall I register , please ?
Yes . Here you are .
OK . How much do I need to pay for the registration ?
Here is my money .
Yes , I will . But can you tell me how to get to the consulting room ?
What can I do for you ?
Is there a problem with your account ?
What about all your money in that account ?
That ’ s fine .
Would you like to make a withdrawal ?
I ’ ll just cancel your account right now .
Well , what is your trouble ?
Have you any aches and pains ?
I'll take your temperature . How long have you been feeling ill ?
You have a temperature , but it's nothing serious . It's probably just the flu . I'll give you a prescription . Take this to the chemist's . Take one tablet every four hours . You should stay in bed tomorrow , and drink plenty of lemon juice .
Are you done ?
Let me see . Everything looks fine . We ’ ll be taking applications for this position through Friday . We ’ ll start calling for interviews sometime next week .
That ’ s right .
Hey ! Are you getting dressed ?
Why ? What time is it ?
But it's Saturday ! !
No , I'm not . I'm staying in bed .
Hi , I need to talk with the property manager right away !
This morning , when we woke up , there was water pouring in from the ceiling !
There were several rooms , but the worst leak was in the bathroom .
We are on the second floor , one of the middle floors .
Actually , I have to go to school right now .
It's time to get up !
You shouldn't have stayed up so late watching TV . I told you we had to get an early start .
Do you want to eat breakfast here ?
Do you know the circulation of this magazine ?
Oh , yes , how's it ?
Hi , I'm home ! Can you double that recipe ? I ran into an old friend after work and invited him for dinner .
I don't think so . Do you remember Bob Gain from Tulsa ?
He was on the diving team with me in high school and saved my life one day .
You're glad he saved me , huh ?
Hello . I'd like to speak to Susan .
Isn't this the Whites ?
I'm calling 6667777 . Maybe my finger slipped and I touched the wrong number .
Oh , sorry to have bothered you .
I ’ Ve been having problems getting onto the Internet .
Yes , they're fine . I suppose.the server might be down again .
It would be nice to go to the beach sometime this weekend .
The weather this weekend is supposed to be warm .
I think it will be .
I want this trip to be perfect , I hope it stays warm .
I know . Every day the weather seems different .
That would make it easier for us to make plans .
Good afternoon , Felix Wassermann Associates . Lawson speaking , how can I help you ?
B :: Miao Eng ! I'd know that voice anywhere . What can I do for you ? Any problems ?
That is good news .
Could you show me the way to the railway station ?
Would you like to be my guide ?
What characteristics should an interpreter own ?
Why is that ?
Well , Miss Liu , I've enjoyed talking with you . Thank you for your interest in this job .
We hope to make a decision in the next few days . We'll notify you of our decision by mail , is this convenient for you ?
Good luck to you , good-bye .
This facility is great , don't you think ?
I'm glad our booth is on the first floor . More people can see our display .
Let me see that . I didn't get one when I came in .
No .
Where do you go for lunch around here ?
Not too bad . But I will be soon .
I can't see Cortex on this floor plan . Don't they have a booth here ?
Oh , that will be uncomfortable for them .
Yes . Cortex just stole Darren McDowell from Rolly.And probably Darren will be here.So he will have to spend the whole show standing next to his old Cortex coworkers .
When you reserve a booth , you should check who your neighbors will be.Don ' t you think ?
Yes . Well , I think I'll go get lunch . Will you join me ?
Good morning . I ’ m Liu Yi , from China XYZ Company . We have an appointment with Mr . Thomas .
Thank you .
Should each of us write separately ?
Good afternoon , Miss .
What style do you want ?
Sure . Here you are .
Yes , Miss . Is that all right ?
And would you like a manicure ?
One hundred yuan , please .
Excuse me . Have you got any books on genetic engineering ? I've looked for them everywhere , but I can't find any .
What a pity ! I should have come earlier .
That's all you need to know about the interview for the job as a fireman . Any other questions ?
You can contact me any time you need me . Bye !
Hi . My minibar is empty .
I finished off everything .
The Perrier and the Jim Beam . Let me have three more of each .
I really loved the apples in my room . Bring me a few more , please .
Oh , yes , speaking of fruit , bring me some grape juice , too .
Mr . Li , does the recommendation of the university play an important role in job hitting ?
But I doubt the authority because most of the recommendation letters of the university are the same .
Can I help you , sir ?
I'm sorry . All the appointments are filled .
Let me see ... Perhaps I could fit you in at five thirty .
What about tomorrow morning , then ?
I guess it can't be helped .
All right , then . See you this afternoon .
Good morning , sir . Is there anything I can do for you ?
No problem . How would you like your suit ?
I can ’ t find my purse . Have you seen it ?
I ’ Ve looked everywhere for it . I must have left it somewhere . I hope I haven ’ t lost it .
No , I had it when I left school this afternoon .
Yes , I ’ d better give her a call now .
Hi , I'm back ! Hmm ... your hair is pretty damaged , and you've got split ends .
Well , the trim should fix the split ends , but you might need a deep conditioning treatment .
I'm also going to add some layers to frame your face .
No problem !
Really ? What can I do ?
Umm , OK . Whatever you think will help .
Can you use the thinning shears on top , too ? My hair is really thick .
I ’ m afraid we are really short staffed this week , Mr . Cranial . I ’ d like to accommodate you , but I just don ’ t think I ’ ll have the time .
Not at all , sir . I ’ d just like to push it up to next week . I ’ ll have a lot more free time at the beginning of next week .
I ’ d like to apply for a secretarial position .
No , but I can write very fast .
No , but I ’ d like to learn how to use them .
Can you work every day from 9 to 5 ?
Is it true that rice is the staple food in most of Southeast Asia ?
Is rice your staple food , too ?
Waiter , please make out the bill .
Quite delicious , especially the pepper steak .
Can I ask you what the office rules are ?
Is it from 9:00 to 12:00 in the morning and 1:00 to 5:00 in the afternoon ?
How are you feeling ?
You said you never went to hospital .
The good thing is you don't need to go to school .
And your Mom and Dad will buy you anything you ask for .
I really envy you , Danny .
Your sister said you fainted three times during the injection .
No matter what , you are still my hero , Daniel .
OK , I promise . You promise you will be well soon ?
Hello , darling ! Did you have a good day today ?
Would you like a drink ?
Dinner will be ready at six . Are you hungry ?
Oh . Did you pick up the suits from the cleaners ?
Good . Are you going to the pub tonight ?
Good morning . I came in answer to your advertisement for a salesperson .
I'm afraid I haven't had any experience in just this sort of work . I'm studying business administration in college . I want to get a job that would tie in with my studies .
I worked in a department store in a small town last summer vacation .
I graduated from Beijing University . I majored in business administration .
The courses I completed are marketing , business law , business English , statistics , marketing principles , sales management , distribution theory , economies and psychology .
I liked sales strategies most .
It's an interesting job , and your company is one of the best known . Although I have no work experience as a salesperson , the job description you sent was very interesting . It's a job I've been dreaming of when I was at university .
I have an interest in marketing and I would consider graduate study in business in the future . I think my goals will become more clear as I gain experience in sales and marketing .
Yes , a little . As you mentioned just now , yours is an American capital company . As far as I know your company is a world famous one which produces cosmetics and skincare products .
Will traveling be required in this position ?
How often ?
May I come in ?
This seems a pretty nice room , I should say .
What about the kitchen ?
I see . I'd like to live here for about three years .
May I help you ?
We're on clearance sale now . Prices have up to twenty percent off . Do not miss the chance .
Madam , you know we ’ re clearing out stock now . It ’ s a real bargain .
What kind of promotional events are scheduled for the new product line ?
What kind of sponsoring are we talking about ? I don't know how effective sponsorship really is ...
Other than the marathon , what else is on the list ?
Sports , medicine , education ... seems kind of random , don't you think ?
I'm checking out in about half an hour .
Great ! As you know however , the day in New York has hardly begun .
Therefore , I think I'll explore New York some more . But I need to store my bags .
My luggage isn't enough of a deposit ?
Well , then . Let me put on my thinking cap for a moment .
I'd like to buy some postcards of Beijing .
Your resume says you have had one years experience working in a foreign representative office in Shanghai , may I ask why you quit ?
Have you done any work in this field ? What have you learned from the jobs you have had ?
Jenny , you should go to bed now .
Don't stay up late .
I can't believe that .
I've never heard Mary cursed anybody . But I heard she cursed another driver when she drove me back home today .
Sis , why did you ask me to come to this bargain market ? It's so crowded , and you can't find anything that you really want .
Are you serious ? How can that be ?
Come on . You know , you can never really win . The salesperson never loses . They make their living out of it .
Oh , this silk carpet is really beautiful . Look at the pattern , and how delicate it is !
Really ? Oh , this one . I like the cloisonn vase .
Come on . They look so cheap . Something else , please .
Don't underestimate his taste . I don't think he'd like it .
Yeah . Well , anyway , it's up to you . But I can tell that you come here often .
Say , how about having Chinese food for a change ?
Let's see what we'll take .
Hey , Tom , what to go for a run ?
I try to do that , but I can ’ t get up early enough .
It ’ s so hot at lunchtime ; I ’ d rather run in the morning .
I could try , but I can ’ t say for sure if I ’ ll get up in time . What time do you want to go ?
O . K . , maybe if I have someone to go with , I ’ ll be able to get up in time for a jog .
Could I have a word with you ?
I am disappointed with your work lately .
Here comes the bus . I'll ring you up later .
Were you able to contact the owners about my counter-offer ?
I hope that they accepted the counter-offer .
Will the home inspection cost me a lot ?
Is it my choice as to who inspects this house ?
How long until you contact the sellers with my acceptance ?
Have you got anything to declare , madam ?
Have you got any wine or spirits ?
What about cigarettes or cigars ?
How many , madam ?
How do you understand the organizational structure of a company ?
Is it true that just like a human skeleton that defines their shapes , companies have structures that define theirs ?
Hello . Dr . Brown ’ s Dental Office . How can I help you ?
What happened ?
Sure , you can , but you ’ ll be charged for $ 10 .
This is for the delayed cancellation . Because this time is reserved for you . If you are unable to keep an appointment , you should notify us 48 hours in advance . Otherwise , the charge will be made .
Thanks for your understanding . Do you want to make another appointment ?
Ok . Take care .
What's wrong with the photocopier ?
Is Stanley still singing that Elvis song ? He's really hogging the mic !
He sounds like a sick cow !
I already tried that . Nothing seems to help .
Excuse me , can you tell me where central Park Street is ?
Is it far ?
I see . Thanks a lot .
When you were in school , what were your favorite subjects ?
Still , you must have had some subjects you enjoyed more than others .
That's too bad . We could really use someone who is bilingual .
Don't tell me that's your lunch ?
A candy bar for an appetizer and a piece of pie for lunch ! That's all junk !
Sugar , sugar , preservatives , fats , more sugar , more fat , more preservatives !
My wife sent me with rice , vegetables , and some curry chicken .
Good afternoon , Mrs.Vale . Please sit down .
Did you work as a salesperson before , Mrs.Vale ?
I see . Well , consulting is a little different .
Umm hmm . Do you have a diver's license ?
Fine . We provide a company car for our consultants .
Oh yes-five days a week . You have to visit customers all over the territory .
You'll have to attend a three-week course . If you do well , the job is yours .
Starting salary is $ 150 a week-plus commissions , of course .
Five percent .
Fine . The next course starts a week from tomorrow .
Hello ! You're welcome to Guangzhou Fair .
Glad to meet you , Mr . Smith . My name is Wang and here is my name card . I'll be glad to do what I can for you .
Glad to . The Fair is a big gathering taking place twice a year , thousands of businessmen from more than a hundred and fifty countries and regions are here to trade with China .
Ours is a company special in exporting leather products . And what about yours ?
Hello , Sir . Can I help you with anything ?
No problem at all . With this service , you can pay up to 10 parties at one time . Are these parties on your current beneficiaries list ?
Select ' pay multiple beneficiaries ' , here ... then select ' pay from the account ' in the drop down menu ... OK , good . Then we need to enter the beneficiary statement reference .
What kind of personality do you think you have ?
What makes you angry ?
Would you mind answering a few personal questions ?
OK . Does your present employer know that you are going to leave ?
Will she let you leave your present job ?
Why do you want to leave your present job ?
I appreciate you frankness . Do you know anything about our company ?
Gordon , you're ever so late .
But there's a bus every ten minutes , and you are over 1 hour late .
How on earth can you miss several buses ?
Oh , come on , Gordon , it's the afternoon now . Why were you late really ?
Have you got it now ?
When ?
Hello , Westhaven Company .
This is Michael Richard speaking . Who is calling ?
You gave me a deep impression then . Can I help you ?
We have made the decision to hire you .
I am currently the highest bidder for your shirt . I was wondering about the size .
How is the condition ? How old is it ?
Why didn't you return the shirt or exchange it ?
What ’ s up ?
Yes , Do you mind if I have a look at your computer ?
Well , it has nothing to do with virus . The problem is your attachment is a bit larger . It has exceeded the e-mail capacity .
Oh , hey , Keri ! You cook , right ! You're a pretty good cook .
I want to make an omelet , so actually this is really silly , I've never made one before . How do you make an omelet ?
OK . Yeah ! Yeah !
Oh , OK . Wow !
Excuse me , can you tell me how I can get to the snowboarding area ?
Thanks a lot .
Excuse me , but could you tell me the way to the railway station ?
How long will it take me to get there ?
That's very clear . I think I can find my way now.Thank you .
I would like to have a new suit made . something in a dark blue wool .
I think I would like the pants pleated . I am not sure about the jacket though as I'm a little overweight .
Yes , that is why I usually choose dark colours for my business suits .
Certainly .
What kinds of meat are most popular in your country ?
Yes , we do . we also eat mutton .
That's right , mutton chops taste so good , we eat them with sauce , have you ever tried ?
Certainly I can , I'll buy some from butchers ' and cook for you next sunday .
That was a very interesting presentation , Ms . Wang . My colleagues and I are very impressed with your proposal .
To show our appreciation for your hard work , we'd like to invite you to have dinner with us .
Excellent . Have you had French food before ?
We need someone rather quickly , the sooner the better .
Well , of course depends somewhat on experience , background and that sort of thing . What are your currently earning ?
I see . Including bonus ?
What starting salary would you expect here ?
What is included in a job advertisement ?
What are the accesses of the job ads ?
IBA , how can I help ?
That was a wise decision , if I may say so . Our Personal Internet Banking Service offers online shopping transactions , payment of household bills online , account management ...
What can I do for you ?
May I show you the gold ones ?
OK . Here they are .
One thousand yuan .
I'm afraid not . The price is very moderate .
We brought the price down only a few days ago . This is definitely a bargain .
Would you like me to help you on your new project ?
I would enjoy helping with the writing portion .
That is OK sometimes .
No , I can't be there .
I can send that information to you .
Ladies and gentlemen , here is the Westminster Abbey . It's one of the oldest buildings in London .
Of course . Take your time and enjoy your trip .
We will meet at 5:00 right here .
Hi , I want to check out .
Can I pay by a credit card ?
OK . Here is the money .
Would you wrap it for me ?
How may I help you . sir ?
Let me see . I'm sorry . Nothing's been turned in . Do you want to buy another one ?
150 yuan for hard seats .
Sir ?
So , what ’ s new in the kitchen ? That refrigerator is new , isn ’ t it ?
That ’ s usual nowadays . You ’ Ve added a few shelves too .
Did you buy new cupboards too ?
I see that you have bought several new pots and pans and utensils .
Looking at the spice rack , I ’ d say you ’ Ve been learning how to make asian food .
Both kinds of food are becoming popular . Nowadays , it ’ s very easy to pick up the ingredients at the supermarket .
Hi ! I need to request a wake-up call for tomorrow morning .
I need two calls , one at 7 and another at 7 fifteen .
Actually , can I change the latter wake-up call to 7 thirty . am ?
I can't think of anything . If I do think of something , I'll be sure to call again .
It's getting late , Mary .
Why don't you sleep over ?
We can sleep together .
Don't forget to call your host mother to tell her .
I need to buy some fruit .
How much are the pears ?
Give me one kilo of those , please . Do you have any fresh plums ?
It's a bit too expensive . We can get it for six yuan in the shop next here .
Sounds reasonable . I'll take three kilos .
Excuse me , but are you Mr . Smith from Britain ?
I'm from Textile Import and Export Corporation . I've come to meet you . My name is Zhang Yong .
How do you do , Mr . Smith ? Let me help you with your luggage .
Did you have a good trip ?
Anyhow , it's a long way to China , isn't it ? And I think you must be very tired .
I wish you a pleasant stay here .
Now , Mr . Smith , if all is ready , we'd better start for the hotel .
Yes . Of my mother standing in the kitchen and me doing my homework before school ...
OK ! I'll show you how my mom did it .
Yeah , and it's bigger than ours was .
Why don't you watch where you're going ?
There was plenty of room for me to pull out.You didn't have to stay in the lane you were in .
I think my arm is broken .
Listen , let's just wait until the police get here.Then we can decide whose fault this accident was .
I have a cell phone in my car . Now it's probably on the floor on the passenger side.Why don't you get it for me , and then I can call the police ?
It doesn't work . It looks like it's broken . I need to get to a hospital . You should drive me there .
Damn it ! I'm injured here . We could wait all day for the police .
It really hurts .
To hell with you . The accident was your fault .
Do you carrying fresh fish ?
I already looked , but did not see anything .
Thanks .
Oh , gosh . I didn't see it .
Excuse me , sir . Didn't you see the red light ?
No , sir . The sign says no turn on red .
I'm sorry , sir , but may I see your driver's licence and insurance policy , please ? I have to give you a ticket .
Sign here , please . You can appeal to the court within 14 days . This slip has all the information you need . Please drive safely , sir .
Are you going out again ?
You mustn't go to bed very late . Can you be home before nine .
No . I won't let you ride a bicycle late at night .
OK . Here's the key . Take care .
When would you like me to send those plans over to your office , Mr . Montgomery ?
That shouldn't be a problem . What is the exact address , again ?
Next , please . Where to , sir ?
How many did you say , sir ?
We will carry out the order when the purchase order gets here .
Well , actually in most cases we don't talk about special deals , but since this one is so new I will listen to what you have to say .
I can't agree to that . My company will have to pay for both sending them and bringing them back .
I like the Honda Accord you showed me before . I think it's more practical for my needs .
What does it come with standard ?
Cruise control ? I don't like that .
I think it's dangerous . What if I can't turn it off ?
I wish it didn't have cruise control . My wife doesn't like it either .
I suppose . And What about the sunroof ? Is that standard ?
Telco Mobile , how can I help you ?
Certainly sir , we currently have a special promotion where we include voice mail services , call waiting and also three way calling .
Not at all . No hidden fees or surcharges , it is a flat monthly rate .
Can I help you ?
Yes , we can arrange that .
Our travel agency provides all kinds of tours , ranging from individual tour to group package tour .
When do you expect to come ?
What specific places do you wish to visit ?
All I do all day is work and watch TV . I really should start thinking about my health .
For starters , we should start doing more outdoor activities . That way we'll get some exercise .
That's not a bad idea . How much is it ?
Passport , please !
Are you Chinese ?
Where in China are you from ?
There are a lot of people from China visiting right now .
How long do you plan to stay ?
All right . Here's your passport . Welcome to Australia .
Hello , jewelry department . How may I help you ?
He's probably a pervert . Just ignore him .
Are you ready to order ? May I suggest a veal .
The chicken is also nice .
Our special tonight is lobster .
Perhaps you'd enjoy the lamb
Hi , Boss ! I'd like to tell you what we've discussed during the day .
I think it's going very well , actually . We had a long meeting with them . After several lengthy discussions they decided to accept our offer .
We're meeting with their finance director today and then with the other directors tomorrow , just to sort out some final details .
How do you think a manager should react to an employee ’ s unsatisfactory work ?
Exactly , I overheard a manager scold his employee in the elevator this morning , they were from the company on the 12th floor , I guess . They were only three of us in the elevator , I felt very embarrassed to be in the middle of them .
What's the life expectancy in your country ?
About 70 , I think . This newspaper article talks about the problems of an aging population . It's a problem that will soon affect most of the world .
Perhaps we need to have more babies ! Tina gave birth to a baby boy yesterday .
How's your son these days ?
He'll be a teenager before you know it ! Teenagers are often rebellious ! When do you think it is a good age to have a child ?
Yes , I think you're right . I'm thinking about having a child , but not just yet .
Yes , there is . Teenagers do not want to live traditional lives . They want to go out , have fun , and explore the world . They want to develop their own view of life.Parents usually try to discour
Hello . Front desk . How can I help you ?
I ’ m sorry . The kitchen is closed after midnight .
My doctor said that I need a chest X-ray .
What should I do after that ?
Am I standing the right way ?
Am I doing this the right way ?
Are you going to leave ?
Is that all there is to it ?
I really like the way this house looks .
The landscaping is wonderful !
Oh , I see what you mean !
I love the sage green carpeting with the sunset-colored walls .
Oh , look at that beautiful countertop material and the double sink !
I really like the Jacuzzi bathtub in the bathroom .
You don't look well at all . Are you sick ?
How long have you been feeling like this ?
How did you feel at the very beginning ?
I see . You've caught a bad cold . I'll give you a prescription .
Hey , daughter , let me ask you something .
Do you have life insurance ?
You have children now . What if something , God forbid , happens to you ?
The blake's got divorced .
Mr.black has been getting a little around aside .
No , he doesn't . But his wife found out he has been too charming for a long time.Incredibly , he has many different girlfriends . Starting almost right after they married 20 years ago .
No , the only thing I've ever done behind your back is zip you up , besides I told all my other girlfriends , and my wife who's getting suspicious . and we had a cold for a while , tell the
Fred , is it a good time to talk with you ?
As you know , I have accepted three new programs in our company this year , but I am not sure I can do my work well . And right now my dilemma is that I can not find a person whom I can trust for these three programs .
We are not willing to miss the chance ; however , our staff is not big enough now . So , to be honest , I want you to help me to finish all these programs .
I am aware you have been working so hard . Before hiring more employees , you are still needed to do this .
What's wrong ?
Have you checked the fuse box ?
Daniel , here is some money for the tickets .
Oh , like a gentleman . Two tickets for two people .
They may unless we get a half-price ticket for you .
You may ask if you can take a half-price ticket .
Hello . Do you know how I can find a room to rent ?
Will that work ?
Hello , is there anything I can do for you ?
Single or double ?
Would you like to have your room on the top floor ?
I've been at this for two weeks now and nothing ’ s turned up .
What do you mean ?
You ’ re right , I don ’ t want to pay , but I don ’ t want to live without pay , either .
Do you have anyone in mind ?
Who ?
Ya , they do . Anyone else come to mind ?
Please pull your vehicle over to the side of the road . Please roll down your window .
Have you been drinking ?
Really ? But I can smell alcohol on your breath . Blow into this breathalyzer , please .
If you refuse to blow , you'll receive a much severer punishment .
Your BAC exceeds the legal limit .
Do you know who that tall man is ?
Do you know where he comes from ?
May I help you , sir ?
Regular or unleaded ?
How many gallons do you want ?
All right . Shall I check the oil ?
You're a quart low .
The portions here are man sized . We usually end up taking half of the meal home with us .
Hey , sis . You know me , if I don't like everything on the menu , I don't go back to the restaurant !
Wait , you love salmon , don't you ? They have the best salmon pasta .
Soup and bread and salad bar ! I'm telling you , these people know how to keep you coming back !
Look , there is traffic accident over there .
Did you promise me to get the bread ?
But you forgot to get the bread .
Well , I certainly did .
You are free . You can go now .
I'll do with the cake .
Get up , you lazybones !
what ’ s the cheapest way to go there ?
Oh , is that right ? Is there a subway station near here ?
Good . Can I walk through this building ?
Hello . Green Trading Company . What can I do for you ?
Yes . It'll be at three o'clock this afternoon .
Didn't we make that appointment a long time ago ?
How about Friday afternoon ?
One thing I love our boss for is that he always knows when to give you a pay raise without being asked for .
He just knows either by your excellent performance at work or by the annual review .
Actually not ! Our company pays for performance .
You look hot and tired . Jack , have you been exercising ?
Who won ?
What was the score ?
My God ! Why did you bring me here ? I hate the taste of coffee .
Tom , you promised to cut the lung . You won't forget , will you ?
And you'll repair the television , won't you ?
Do you promise ?
And Tom , you will help Johnny with his homework , won't you ?
But you'll promise not to be late for dinner tonight , won't you ?
Tom , darling . You'll try not to be late for dinner tonight , won't you ? Please !
May I help you ?
What size do you wear ? These dresses are on sale .
Come this way . Here's the dressing room .
It looks nice . And it's not expensive .
It's only $ 20 .
Would you like to copy the EX files and pass me the copy ? There are some figures I want to check .
Yes , I also need all the letters we received from them .
Yes , that ’ s right .
Yes , but I need the report copied on transparency paper .
This is Milton in room 402 . I would like to check out . Can anyone help me with my baggage ?
Thanks a lot . By the way , please call a taxi for me .
What is your favorite kind of music ?
What genres ?
What interests you in that type of music ?
That is a perfect reason to like a certain kind of music .
You want to go get a facial with me today ?
Not at all , guys also get facials , manicures and pedicures . There is nothing wrong with looking after your skin and looking good .
Well , first they exfoliate my face , getting rid of all the dead skin . Then I get a face mask with nutrients that keep my skin healthy and young . Afterwards , they apply some moisturizer and you leave feeling like a million bucks .
Well you should come with me one day , I'm sure you'll love it .
How much is this ?
The large one .
Is this the only kind you have ?
Oh , yes . I think I'll look at those over there before I decide .
Can you help me find a nice gift for my young niece ?
You're right . Girls love Barbie . Show me a Barbie doll .
She's beautiful . What's the price for Digital Barbie ?
Only $ 29.95 ? I'll buy it , of course .
Thank you , but no . This will do it for now .
Cash , please .
Hello , I have a reservation for a double .
It's Smith . Here is my driver's license .
I'd like to put it on my VISA .
Great , is our room ready yet ?
Mom , I'm ready for school .
I know , mom .
Well , that was an interesting documentary !
Like what ?
Yeah , I know it sounds weird , but a 401k is a type of retirement plan that allows employees to save and invest for their own retirement . Through a you can authorize your employer to deduct a certain amount of money from your paycheck and invest it in the plan . Everyone tries to contribute as much as possible so that when you retire , you can rest peacefully on your nest egg .
That seems a bit unstable don ’ t you think ?
Can you book me a double room for February 22 ?
Hello . I would like to buy some business cards .
Two thousand would be fine .
All I want is the same thing on this card .
... Okay , I'm finished . Here's your form and my old card .
Do you think you could finish it in three days ?
how do you feel about wearing name logos or slogans on your clothing ?
do you think advertising has an influence on the choices you make when you're shopping ?
I would like to get some meat today .
I need about a pound of ground beef .
That sounds good .
I also need three pounds of chicken breasts .
How much will the three pounds of chicken cost altogether ?
That will be all for me .
What salary are you expecting ?
It can be anywhere between 100,000 to 200,000 a year depending on experience and qualifications .
I need to order new business cards .
I think 2,000 would be enough .
I don't want to make any changes to my old card .
... Okay , that's it . Here's the form , and here's my old card to use as a model .
I need it sooner . Let me have it in three days , okay ?
To start with , may I know why you are interested in working for our company ?
Now you are with Quandong Company . What is your chief responsibility there ?
Do you have any questions about the job ?
Certainly . This is an international company , and ther're good chances for you to work overseas .
Good evening , sir . Are you Mr . Jim Stewart from the States ?
Glad to meet you . Mr Stewart . I'm the guide from Pacific Tour Agency . My name is Zhang Hua .
I'm always at your service , sir . By the way , did you have a pleasant trip ?
Well , shall we go to the hotel right now ? I've already made a reservation for you .
So we must get you to the hotel as soon as possible . I hope to see you refreshed and revitalized tomorrow morning , as we are going to visit the Great Wall .
Hi there , Mr Brown . Are you depositing or withdrawing today ?
I understand . So , what would you like to do with the balance ?
215,000 RIB is the exact balance . If you could just sign your name here .
pardon me . Could you please pass me the tissue ?
thanks , I didn't expect the dish to be so spicy . Are you ok ?
well , not every Chinese can handle spicy food in the way people from Sichuan and Cuizhou provinces can . Back where I come from , people don't eat a lot of papers and chilies .
yeah , you can increase you tolerance for spicy food , but so far , I haven't had the need or the opportunity . Every time I try spicy food , it is a total disaster for my nose and eyes .
yeah , I guess that's a typical example of when in Rome , do as the Romans do .
OK , Lucy.It ' s your turn.Are you ready ?
Come on ! In the two hours we've been here , you haven't sung even one song !
Well , you asked for it . Why don't you put on an Elvis ' song for him .
Ping-pong must be the top-ranking popular sport in China . It seems to me in every school , factory , army unit , or residential area , men and women , young and old , are swinging paddles .
What do you think might be the source of its popularity ?
And sometimes a substitute table can be made out of a few desks .
Haha , these are very good inventions . All these speak the public's fondness for the sport
I know President Hu Into likes playing ping-pong .
Julia , the apartment I looked at today is pretty decent-around 120 square meters .
A new two-bedroom apartment , around 100 to 120 square meters , in the Sanlitun area .
Very quiet and safe . And it's got a lot of trees and plants .
Yeah , it's near a bus stop .
The total cost is 850 dollars . How would you like to pay ?
We take Visa and Master Card .
No , we don't .
There are so many record players here . That is hard to choose .
I'd rather get one with separated speakers . They give a clear sound .
That's right . Now this one looks alright ? It's a detached or do you prefer this one ? It's Sony .
The system keeps crashing when I try to access the personnel database .
It's Chinese New Year ! That means it's time to eat hot pot !
You mean half-and-half ?
Good idea .
Excuse me , can I use your computer to type my paper ?
I am afraid I can't finish typing it this afternoon . When will you use it tonight ?
Hello , miss . Where is the button that controls my seat ?
Oh , I see . By the way , what shall I do if changes in altitude create pressure on the ears ?
Excuse me , Sir , you are not supposed to smoke here .
Your seat is in the non-smoking section , so please refrain from smoking .
Then I'll try to find a seat in the smoking section . One moment . please.Thank you for waiting . I found a seat in the smoking section for you .
Do you have all types of seafood here ?
What do you recommend ?
OK , we will try it .
You should have been at home and enjoyed a big meal .
But now you can stay with friends and enjoy a holiday too .
Excuse me . Does this bus go to the National Library of China ?
How long is the ride ?
Thank you . Would you please let me know when we get to the stop ? I'm a stranger here .
Sir , I want to ask for a leave for five days . Here is the request form .
Yes , I need to go home to have a family reunion .
Yes , sir . I remember it . But our Chinese usually celebrate the New Year on lunar calendar .
What kind of personality do you think you have ?
Do you think you are introverted or extroverted ?
What do you think is the most important thing for you to be happy ?
What kind of people do you like to work with ?
Well , Mr . Brown , we've settled everything in connection with this transaction except the question of payment in yen . Now can you explain to me how to make payment in yen ?
I know some of them are doing that . But this is new to me . I've never made payment in yen before . It is convenient to make payment in pound sterling , but I may have some difficulty in making payment in yen .
Do you mean to say that I can open a letter of credit in yen with a bank in London or Bonn ?
Next please . Hello . How can I help you ?
Would you like one way or round trip ?
When will you be leaving ?
In about 2 hours .
First class or coach ?
OK , let me check availability . I'm sorry . Tickets for that flight are sold out .
Let me see . Yes , that one still has seats available . Would you like me to reserve a seat for you ?
That'll be 120 dollars .
Room service , what can I do for you ?
There is a laundry form as well as a bag in your room . Pls fill it out and the maid will come pick it up .
To press the suit only takes 3 hours . The laundry will be returned to you tomorrow around noon time . Is that all right ?
Tina Li , Financial Planner , how may I be of service ?
It certainly is . You can do almost anything with it , anytime , anywhere .
All you need to do is sign up at any one of our branches and you can use the service right away .
Reservation , please .
5 , and please put us as close as possible to the stage .
What about the working hours ?
I like flexible hours .
How was your appraisal with the boss ?
Yes , I think he ’ s the most relaxed person in management .
That ’ s good . Maybe you ’ ll get promoted .
Welcome . How can I help you ?
All right . We have quite a selection for you to choose from . There are double rooms with twin beds , suites , if you'd like , we have presidential suite on the top floor .
All right sir . How many nights will you be staying ?
OK . I'll just need to see a credit card and passport .
What is the rate for a double room for one night ?
What about the features in the room ?
Does the TV have cable ?
Oh , what a relief ! Thank you very much for your help , Miss .
Excuse me , Miss.My friend is sick .
Yes.Please give him some water .
And do you have any medicine for airsickness ?
Hello , this is Francis .
Today , I am busy all day long .
That ’ s not good for me at all . It'll have to be another time .
I know . I am available from 1 PM to 4 PM on Friday afternoon .
Where do you want to go ?
I'm sorry , but you got on the wrong bus .
You should change to the No . 701 bus at the next stop .
Excuse me , can I use your computer to type my paper ?
I am afraid I can't finish typing it this afternoon.When will you use it tonight ?
I don ’ t know what activity my son should take part in ?
But each children has his own interest .
OK . Everything is in the bag .
Hello . Can I speak to Alice , please ?
Thank you .
Would you tell her Tom Gray called ?
Good afternoon , how can I help you ?
I am sorry to hear about that . Would you mind coming with me to my office and tell me exactly what happened here ?
Are you sure that it isn't somewhere in your room ?
Ok , when and where did you last see it ?
Are you sure you didn't wear it this morning ?
Did you remember to lock your door before you left then ?
Well , I understand how you feel , and we will try to do our best to help you . But first please allow me to send one of the housemaids to your room to look for it again thoroughly , just in case it's still in there . If she finds it , we will all be happy . If she doesn't , we will turn the whole matter to the police . But I must say that the hotel can't be held responsible for your loss . You should have locked your gold necklace away at the hotel ’ s safety box . If you had read your key card carefully , you would have realized that we specially warned you to do so .
Did you hear who won the election ?
I couldn ’ t be happier to know that he ’ s our new President .
You voted for him , right ?
I voted for him .
So am I .
I have faith in him .
Are you willing to work abroad ?
How about your family ?
Hello , sir . Can I help you ?
12:00 . You have to wait for a while .
Well , sir . Come with me . I will show you the waiting room . You must be tired . Have a short rest there . We will call you later .
Could I have my bill , please ?
I'm afraid there has been a mistake .
I believe you have charged me twice for the same thing . Look , the figure of 6.5 dollar appears here , then again here .
I need to get some beef .
I want to get some ground beef .
I would like four pounds of ground beef .
I would like the extra lean .
Thank you very much .
Good morning , I am here for my interview .
No problem .
Unfortunately , our company is shutting down due to the economy .
I am probably best at researching for marketing purposes .
I tend to get bored easily and so love to keep myself challenged .
When can I move into my new house ?
Will the utilities be turned on ?
I really want to paint the walls right away and get the carpet cleaned .
I was thinking that I should have my new appliances delivered as we are moving in .
Can you help me on my move-in day ?
When you told your mom you would be home around 2 am , She must have a cow !
My accounts go where I go . Vince knows that .
It's business , Dave .
Right . The faint of heart should not apply .
Do you know what exporters consider ?
Could you talk about it in detail ?
Steve , thanks for looking after Johnny .
And this kitchen is so clean . Did you help Johnny with that ?
That's great . And the garbage , too ?
Hello , welcome to IBA . What can I do for you ?
We certainly do . May I ask you the purpose of the rental ?
I see . We have various rental periods . How long would you like to rent it for ?
You can choose a short-term or yearly rental .
May I please speak to Tom ?
Haven't run into you for ages !
Good morning , Mr Bell . How are you today ? Are you here to sort out your L / C documents ?
I see , here it says KM509 .
Good evening , this is housekeeping . May I help you ?
Yes , sir . We'll be there shortly .
Everything is OK now .
Today , we have invited a special guest , Prof . Yang . He will give us some advice on the legal aspects of international business . Your international legal advice is important to our business well being . Please give us some counsels on such issues as which laws govern the contract , what recourse is available for default or breach of contract by our clients or what to do if a dispute arises .
In spite of this , international business contracts and arrangement must be precise , specific and all-inclusive to lessen misunderstanding , misconceptions and disagreements to the minimum 。
How can we protect our patents and trade market abroad ?
As you know , our main focus is to penetrate the markets of countries in Asia . What is the current legal framework in the countries ?
Several years ago , the countries and China singed memorandums of understanding , pursuant to which the countries will improve their laws government intellectual property rights protection over the following two to three years .
I'm sorry I scratched your car .
How are you , Mr . Zhang ?
Fine , too , thanks . We met one year ago . We both took part in a party held by our company last year .
Me too . How is your family ?
Say ' hello ' to them for me .
I'd like to invite you for dinner tonight . Do you think you'll have time ?
Which kind of food do you like to eat , Chinese food , western food or seafood ?
OK . I will pick you up at your hotel at 5:30 p . m .
See you later .
I feel absolutely horrible . My temperature is 41 degrees Celsius , and I've got a headache and a runny nose .
I've also got a terrible stomach-ache . Is my face still swollen ?
Yes , for the most part . It doesn't feel as bad as my other ailments , anyway .
No , the burn ointment seemed to take effect right away . I think it's already healed .
I scalded on the hot coffee a few days ago .
No , but I'm sure I'll get better soon .
I took the red ones just before lunch and the white ones just after lunch .
Just some water , please . Do you have any ointment for my nose ? It feels so itchy after blowing my nose so much .
that sounds good .
Is everything alright ?
What took so long ? I thought your flight was supposed to arrive 3 hours ago !
I didn't hear anything about a delay . I thought everything was running on time . What happened ?
Then what ? Your plane was three hours late !
Turbulence is pretty normal , isn't it ?
So where did you land ?
That sounds like a nightmare !
Have you had anything to eat ?
Do you have any more questions ?
Let's call it a day then.Good - bye , everyone .
Can we talk ?
I ’ m not too clear on some things about my lease .
How many years is my lease for ?
Can I move out before those three years ?
Why would you keep it ?
I get it now .
What's the admission charge ?
Two adult passes , please .
Three twenty-five cent stamps , please .
And please send this letter by registered mail .
There's a check for two hundred dollars and a photograph .
No , don't bother .
I'm going to go to the concession stand and get some popcorn and Coke .
What are you talking about ? We always eat the stuff here .
But what's a movie without munchies ?
John , do you have a minute ?
Well , I ’ Ve been meaning to talk to you about the situation in the office .
That ’ s exactly what I ’ m getting at . We ’ re supposed to be able to do our preparation and marking in that office , but have you noticed ? Jack constantly has students coming in to get help with his course . A lot people are going in and out .
No , not yet , but someone ’ s going to have to .
No , of course not . But I ’ m not able to do my work and neither are you .
Oh , that would be too small .
Come to think of it , you may be on to something . Let ’ s go have a look .
Do you have any seat preference , madam ?
Would you like a window seat ?
I am sorry , there is no window seat in the non-smoking room .
If I understand the terms correctly , the length of the contract would be one year with a one-year option . Is that correct ?
I was under the impression that both contracts had the same terms .
Could you elaborate on that ?
Let me see if I have that right . This contract is for six months of training , but if it isn't cancelled , continues for another six months . Is that right ?
I've got a telegraphic order . Will you cash it ?
Yes . Here is my passport .
US dollars , please .
500 in twenty dollar bills and the rest in a dollar bills .
Jack , I don't know how to write my resume . Could you tell me about that ?
What does the contact information include ?
Anything else ?
I see . It is the position desired
I see . Skills are about specialty , and educational background is easy as well . But what about related experience ? I have little work experience .
I see . By the way , should I write the educational background starting from elementary school ?
Traxi.taxi .
Could you please help me put my bags in the truck ?
Take me to Hilton Hotel .
Will you sit down , Mr . White ?
I propose a toast to your pleasant tour in China .
This food is a Wax specialty . Please help yourself .
Jim . How are you ? I haven ’ t seen you for a while .
Where were you ?
Tell me what ’ s the matter with you , Bill .
Gosh ! The water faucet is dripping badly again .
I know . I ’ Ve got to get it fixed ASAP .
I wish I could , but I ’ Ve got to go now . I have an appointment in 20 minutes .
Oh , by the way , could you give me a ride ? My car is still in the garage .
Taxi .
Central Park , please , but can you make a stop at Union Square ? I wanna pick up my friend there .
How long do you think it will take to get to Union Square .
Can you make it in 15 mins . I am already 10 mins late .
On the 14th Street side . Oh , we are already at the 16th Street . You are fast . Can you make a left at the next corner ?
I think he is around here . Can you slow down ? Ah , there he is .
Thank you . How much is it ?
Here's $ 15 . Keep the change .
( Bob groans . ) What's the matter.Bob ?
What happened ?
Can you stand ?
We'll have to get you to a hospital for an X-ray .
It may be worse than it seems . How's it feel ?
Someone will be out to take a look any minute now .
Of course ! It's the sort of thing a hospital emergency ward is for . Will we have to wait much longer ?
What kind of breakfast do you want ?
Yes , a continental one contains eggs , bacon , toast and juice . American one is the same as a continental one except the egg .
What kind of packing do you plan to use for this consignment of goods ?
I'm concerned about the possible jolting , squeezing and collision that may take place when these cases are moved about .
In that case , I guess I can rest assured .
You're right . But wouldn't it be safer to use wooden cases ?
It wouldn't be worth the trouble in that case , would it ? Let's still use cartons .
Hello . Can I help you ?
I'm afraid it is still being washed .
Yes , we can . But you need wait a moment .
Yes , it will be ready then .
Good evening.can I help you ?
Sure .
You don't have to . This is your knob menu.Just tick off the items you want for breakfast . write down the time and hang it outside the door before you go to bed tonight .
Excuse me . I wonder if you could help me . I'm looking for the Oriental Pearl Theater .
Oh ! What bad luck ! How can I get to the Theater ?
This bus goes all the way to Santa Anita mall , right ?
Are you positive ?
How long is this bus ride ?
Where do we get off at ?
There's a stop right next to the mall ?
That's cool .
Want to meet for lunch this Saturday ?
What are you doing ?
What kind of volunteer work ?
Oh , yeah ?
Housekeeping . May I help you ?
I can check for you . Could you describe the coat ?
When was the last time you saw it ?
OK . I ’ ll check the lost and found and with the bar manager . We'll do our best to find it .
Good morning . Can I help you ?
Sure we do . First-class or economy ?
Can I help you ?
What size do you want ?
Here you are .
Have the owners answered back with a counter-offer for my offer to purchase the house ?
That sounds pretty good to me , but I am not sure what to do .
If I make another offer and they refuse , then what ?
Let ’ s try going with three hundred and thirty thousand dollars for a counter-offer .
Do you think that this will move along fairly quickly ?
Any phone calls for me while I was out ?
Thank you .
What qualities do you think a business manager should possess ?
If a client complains about the service of your department , what will you do ?
Hey , Tom . I saw this ad in the paper . You should take a look .
It's for a job . It looks perfect for you .
Come on ! What have you got to lose ?
Here , I ’ ll help you type one up .
I hear Fred is a very good student in your class .
What do you mean by on the whole .
Can you get me a taxi ?
Thanks , but no thanks . A taxi will do just fine .
No , I hate limousines . They're gas guzzlers .
My destination is Rockefeller Center .
As soon as possible .
Okay , I'm coming downstairs now .
These vegetables taste very sweet .
Really ? Dad , how do you know how to plant organic vegetable ?
Dad , come on ! Just tell me .
You ’ re free to go .
What are your plans now that you ’ re getting out ?
What is your major going to be ?
I hope I don ’ t ever see you back in here .
This really isn ’ t the place for you .
Good luck out there .
What are you here for today ?
Is the arresting officer here ?
Plead your case .
Why would the officer lie ?
Did the camera take a picture of your license plate ?
There was no picture taken , so I'll let you go .
You have been doing a great job this year and I am very satisfied with your work .
Based on your contribution , I would like to give you a pay raise . Your monthly salary will be increased by 800 Yuan . This increase includes an 80 % married increase based on your achievements and increase responsibilities and then the additional 20 % increase were reflecting the changes in cost of living .
I am sorry for damaging your car , sir .
The car park in this community is over crowded , isn't it ?
There aren't enough buses in this city , are there ?
That's too much of hassle . We just want a little bigger parking space .
No . but I'm gonna . You know , several months ago , I backed into red Honda when parking .
No , right here in the parking lot . It was parked right here in your space . The left rearview mirror was smashed .
Yes ! How do you know that ?
Do you really think we can beat WebTracker ?
How can you be so sure ? Do you know something I don't ?
What's step two ?
Michael , it is time to wake up .
Yes , it is time to wake up . And , also , from now on I will speak only English to you . And you should speak only English to me , too .
Right . That's good .
I know you can do it .
Wow ! It's hot today ! Do you want to get an ice cream cone ?
What's that ?
Do they have ice cream bars . frozen yogurt or frozen chocolate mousse ?
Maybe a vanilla ice cream milkshake would be good . What's your favorite flavor ?
God ! Even talking about it makes me feel like l'm gaining weight !
What do you consider to be your strong points ?
Why do you say that ?
Really ? Are you still playing ?
I see . You must be tough .
What do you consider to be your weak points ?
What kind of people are you reluctant to work with ?
Do you prefer to work alone or as part of a team ?
What would be my daily duties ?
Got it . To whom should I report ?
Excuse me.In this museum , you are not supposed to take pictures .
Will you give me your camera ? We have to confiscate your film .
We keep it and return it later .
Mary sings much better than Susan , doesn't she ?
Hi , darling ! I have a one-month vacation saved up . How about a trip to Europe ?
Oh , but I really need to leave this town for a change . Working day after day has worn me out . Do you have any other suggestions ?
Wonderful ! I think that's a great idea How soon until we can make this happen ? I can't wait !
Perfect . I'II start preparing tomorrow . If we re going to drive , l'II need to fill up the tank .
We can take the train , that will be faster . I'II book the tickets tomorrow morning .
No problem . I'm really looking forward to the coming week .
What a surprise we've met here !
I've been in China.Where were you ?
What do you do if you find something that isn't on your list ?
Can anyone tell me where I can buy the ingredients to make Chinese food ?
That is good of you .
I'm after things to stuff dumplings with , like Chinese cabbage
Pork . Where's the meat counter ?
Hi , Brad . How are you today ?
No problem . Is this the only one ?
Can I help you ?
What size , please ?
What color would you prefer ?
Well , the brown one is beautiful indeed , but I think the black one will suit you better .
Will there be anything else ?
Yes , it is . It's brilliant .
Yes , it is . But you have to be careful .
Only 350 yuan .
What do you consider to be your weakness ?
Anything else ?
Rich ! I ’ m glad I caught you . Mr . Carlton ’ s just come over here from the main office .
He needs to see the two of us to talk about next week ’ s annual sales meeting .
How long will it take for our order to be delivered ?
Fine . We will handle domestic shipping , but what about customs ? Will we have to pay tariff on our imports ? I hope we don't run into any problems with the border control .
Professor Wang , what is non-tariff barrier ?
Can you give an example ?
Why ?
Oh , Are there other means ?
This is designed to exclude them from domestic market , isn't it ?
Is this the workshop to prepare for an interview ?
I am really excited to be taking this workshop so that I can get ready for my interview next week .
I think that we should dress neatly and appropriately .
Yes , and I always feel much better when I am friendly .
Any more hints as to what I should do in an interview ?
Hello . I'm now trying to take a bath , but there are too many buttons.Would you tell me how to use them ?
I read it , but I couldn't understand it.Would you come to my room and tell me how to use them ?
Oh dear , I ’ m late . I have to be in the office by 8am .
Well there is an important meeting with a new client .
Oh , you don ’ t have to do that but it would be a great help .
Good morning . May I speak to Mr . Black , please ?
This is the Front Desk . I'm afraid that the air conditioning in your room needs repair . We would like to request you to change your room . We are very sorry for the inconvenience .
What time is the most convenient for you to change rooms , sir ?
What time will you be back ?
We could move your luggage while you are out , but could you take any valuables with you ? You may pick up your new room key No . 216 from the Front Desk when you return .
What seems to be the problem ?
Let ’ s have a look . Mmmm . This doesn ’ t look too good . I think we may have to pull out your wisdom tooth . It ’ s pressing against your molars and that ’ s one of the reasons you are experiencing so much pain
First we will take some x-rays and see what we ’ re dealing with . I also noticed a small cavity up front here , so you are going to need a filling .
Excuse me , waiter . I have just dropped the spoon onto the ground . Would you please bring me another one ?
Thank you . We'd like to have some dessert .
Yes , madam , can I help you ?
We have the medicine for that . I'll go and get it for you .
Hi , Madam , I'm new here , could you tell me where is boarding gate ?
Wait a second , please . Oh , it's CA193 .
Yes .
Do you think we can get to the airport by 8
Is it the rush hour now ?
Mmm ... it is delicious .
Yes . It's superb .
In fact , could I ask you for the recipe ?
Yes , I've got it .
Wait a minute . I didn't catch you there . Could you repeat that ?
Hi Cody , how did practicing go this week ?
Great ! Warm up with some scales and arpeggios first . Good , good . This week , work on keeping the rhythm steady when you play the last part with the sixteenth note . Now let ’ s take a look at this tricky section .
It might work . I ’ ll have to hear it . Show me what you ’ Ve done . Not bad .
It ’ s just nerves . Just play the right hand for now . One two three four five six , ta ti tri-ple-ti . Good , good . Don ’ t forget the accidentals ! The key signature says that note should be a G-sharp but now it ’ s a G-natural . Now add the bass clef . You ’ re going too fast . Remember the tempo for this piece is andante .
Yes , much better . Watch where you lift your foot off the pedal . What was that ?
Those are the headlines for today , and now for the international weather report with Mike Sanderson .
Moving to to Latin American , Ecuador has suffered a six month drought that has not only affected farming , but has also forced the closure of the hydroelectric power plant that provides electricity for the entire country . In Chile , a major earthquake that registered seven point five on the Richter scale struck the southern region . Losses are reported to be in the billions . Authorities have not yet released an official statement .
Would you like to have this kind of suitcase ?
You can check it , sir .
Are you going to vote ?
Yeah , but what day are the elections ?
That ’ s why I ’ m asking you .
Really ?
Good thing you told me .
It slipped my mind .
I want to get a snack at the cafeteria .
I may just get some chips .
What do you want to get ?
What kind do you want ?
What kind of chocolate ?
I don't think they sell Kit Kats .
I really think all Americans look alike .
But they do .
They wear the same clothes , they ’ re all blond , they all drive cars , they all own Parker fountain pens ; they all drink Coca Cola , and they all chew gum .
Dan , Dan , dude . You have to come over to my house right now !
Just get over here ! Come in ! Quickly !
What do you mean ?
Security , Dan , security ! You can never be too safe you know ! A lot of sickos out there . Just the other day they caught that peeping tom red handed ! Had a high power telescope and binoculars by his window .
Paranoid ? I ’ m not paranoid ! I ’ m cautious ! You see Dan , we have to be on guard at all time ! People just invade your privacy as if they knew you ! Telemarketers , solicitors , even your bank ! They have way too much information ! I like to keep everything on a need to know basis .
I can't believe my eyes , Bill . Are you having a salad for lunch ? No hamburger ?
I know . But why are you suddenly interested in lessening your salt intake ?
Do you have hypertension ? I would have thought you were too young .
Well , I'm glad you're starting to pay more attention to your diet .
So do I . That's why I've been trying to lower my cholesterol level .
I have had some really horrible headaches lately .
I get headaches occasionally , but they have been really bad lately .
I am getting ready to take my GRE .
It has been hard for me to sleep with a bad headache .
I hit my head on a cupboard door a week ago .
Excuse me . Do you know where I can find the nearest ICCC ?
Do I need to take a bus ?
How do I get there on foot ?
Wait , let me write this down ... Alright , I'm ready .
Square ... turn right ... traffic lights ... And then ?
Tall building ... Which side is the building on ?
Thank you very much .
This is the Pan-American Club . May I help you ?
Yes , of course . The guest speaker is Professor David of a University , and he'll be lecturing about The impact of the Oil Crisis on Latin America .
Daddy , I want to buy a ten-speed-sportsman .
No , I'm not asking for money , I'm asking for your advice .
Wake up , Mary .
We're all going to church . Do you want to come ?
Are you sure ?
Okay , then . We'll be back around noon .
We have received your resume in answer to our ads . I would like to talk with you regarding your qualification for this position , OK ?
What is your greatest weakness ?
What is the greatest disappointment in your life ?
Well done ! Another question ! When will you start work , if you are hired ?
May I be of any assistance ?
You can have a broad choice here . Are you interested in a particular brand ?
Ma'am , these are complimentary with each purchase . How about that one below the toys ? This is the best seller . They are of the latest model that can be found in town .
Yes , we do . What a great taste you have ! But we only have one left in stock .
You know a good product will always sell ! Would you mind waiting for a while , we'll get it right away .
Here it is . It's very elegant , I think you will like it .
Its durability will be a big surprise to you .
Do you have deviled crabs ?
I want an order of that . By the way , I want it hot . I like chili .
Can you help me find a pan ?
I want a big pan .
Yes , it's the right size , but it weighs too much .
It's light enough , but the handle will get too hot after cooking .
Oh , my family's going to love this one . I'll take it .
Sure . Wait , wait . Does a lid come with this pan ?
You're looking very well .
Do you often exercise ?
What style of swimming do you like best ?
I think butterfly stroke is the most difficult style to learn .
What can I do for you ?
Yes , what's the problem ?
So you will stay until 9th ?
OK , we'll make the correction for you .
Mr . Johnson , there's something I'd like to talk over with you . Would sometime this week be convenient for you ?
That'll be fine .
Are you sure you know where this bus goes ?
What do you mean it should ?
Dude , are we on the right bus ?
It doesn't look like we're on our way to Altadena .
What does that sign say ?
Yup , I'm never trusting you with the bus schedules again .
Hi , can I assist you in any way ?
Oh , I see . In what area ?
Yes , we have this service . Have you got a deposit certificate and your passport ? I'm sorry to ask you , but your passport is very important .
You'll love this . It's a chick drink .
Well , that too . I mean that it's kind of sweet . See if you can guess what's in it .
Not bad . You really know your booze ... So I guess you know what's in the salsa , too ?
What's your working day like ?
Do you get paid overtime ?
Do you have any breaks ?
My boss gets annoyed if we take coffee breaks . I suppose your job involves a lot of paperwork , doesn't it ?
Yes , I do . I don't like it very much .
My minibar is completely empty .
Everything's gone .
Just bring me three bottles each of Jim Beam and Perrier .
The fruit basket was great . I need a few more apples , please .
Yes , one last thing
Jacob , are you interested in helping me out and going on a blind date with a friend of mine ?
Well , she's got a beautiful face and long curly red hair .
She's fairly tall , maybe 2 inches taller than me .
Not at all . She's actually very athletic .
No , but she does wear contact lenses .
She's got a gorgeous complexion with a few freckles on her nose .
I think she has her ears pierced and she definitely has a few tattoos
It's a butterfly - everyone in her family has one .
Yes , even her mom .
She's a lot like me .
Look , I've got a problem here . Will you help me ?
Hello , Mr Lawson . It's a pleasure to see you again . You seem to be in here all the time at the moment ! What can I do for you today ?
You're right , no problems . You are becoming quite the expert , Mr Lawson . If any problem does turn up , which I'm sure it won't , I'll give you a call .
Hello , there . You are looking a little confused ; can I help you with something ?
Don't worry ; I can help you with that . I understand that new technology can sometimes be unnerving . The first thing we need to do is check the ATM is in service . This one is fine .
Yes , this one is in service . Put your card in here , in this slot and wait a moment . Then you will see some instructions on the screen .
And press ' enter ' to confirm , here . Now you need to decide which service you need .
Could you send up a Coke and a salad ?
Make them with French dressing .
Excuse me . I want to pay for these items .
How much is it all together ?
Can I pay by credit card ?
OK . Here you are .
Yes . And can you pack the things up , please ?
This blouse is a special offer today . You can have it at 10 % off the regular price .
No . 10 % is my last word .
May I have two full fare tickets and one half ticket ?
Here you are .
Please pull your vehicle over to the side of the road.Please roll down your window .
Have you been drinking ?
Really ? But I can smell alcohol on your breath . Blow into this breathalyzer , please .
If you refuse to blow , you'll receive a much severer punishment .
Your BAC exceeds the legal limit .
Tomorrow is my day off . I wonder if it's convenient to change our appointment from tomorrow to next Wednesday , still at the same time .
It's a shame.Will this afternoon be all right ? But I can only spare you an hour and a half today , from four o'clock .
Can I help you ?
What kind ?
Sorry , madam . We have stopped selling those kinds of eggs for a week .
You know , red yolk is proved unnatural . It's artificial , and may lead to cancer .
Yes , so they are no longer being sold .
Madam , what can I do for you ?
I get it . And ... ?
How about adding some pictures of our products for the introduction ?
OK , I will prepare it right now .
All right . I want to bring everybody in on this project . When can we start working on this ?
I tell you what , 8: 00 is no good for me , but why don't you guys get started and I'll come by at around 8: 45 or so .
Do you want to sign for a Korea language class ?
Right , we have located a business partner in Seoul . The first contact proves to be successful . The general manager of South Korean company has scheduled to pay a visit to us next month . I think it is quite possible to set up a joint venture company with them soon .
If we are to modernize our information processing , manufacturing system and management code , we need to complete our office automation .
Our copying machines are too slow , our telephone system is limited in function , and our offices are not well-equipped for us to work efficiently . To improve the offices for higher efficiency , we have to change all the chairs and some of the desks also , redesign our office so that we may have more space .
Can I help you ?
This is the new style.Two hundred and twenty-eight .
Of course , please .
Two hundred and ten yuan . It is the lowest price .
Well , two hundred yuan .
Hello , Steven . Do you have any questions to ask me ?
Let me see . The data documents with ' A ' and ' B ' are the drafts , and the ones with ' C ' and ' D ' are formal contracts . Do you know what I mean ?
Daddy , do you mind helping me prepare the supplies for mountain climbing .
Is it gonna to rain tomorrow ?
Just take my umbrella in case of rain .
Definitely , or else , I will starve to death halfway up the mountain .
Daddy , may I take your compass ? I feel so cool with it in my hand .
It doesn't matter . I can go with you to the supermarket to pick up a new pair .
May I help you ?
Yes , madam . There's one in the seat pocket . Here you are .
Should I bring you some water ?
I want to buy some jewellery .
I should like to look at some bracelets .
Jade ones .
What's the price for this one ?
How about seven hundred yuan ?
Well , it was nice talking to you .
We should really hang out again .
Where do you want to go ?
That sounds good .
I'll call you later .
See you later .
Good Morning , sir . What can I do for you ?
How much do you want to change ?
It's 1 Australian dollar to 6.1 Yuan RIB .
The rate was 1 Australia dollar to 6.5 Yuan yesterday .
It does , sir . Do you still want to have it changed now ?
I don't know , sir . But it won't change much .
Okay . Please sign here in this form .
Here is the 6,100 RIB .
I'm freezing . Turn down the air conditioner , will you ?
Well , here is your breakfast !
Sorry , your friend over there ordered fried eggs , and I gave you his by mistake .
Here are your pancakes , madam .
Oh , I am so sorry !
Good , sir . I will take care of that right away .
This is a nice place , but you need to get some furniture .
Do you have a bed ?
Can I take a shower ?
Really ?
Well , do you want to go get some dinner ?
The total for all these items comes to $ 36.78 .
There is something wrong with your card .
Your card was declined .
Would you like me to try another card ?
What about cash ?
I ’ m sorry , but you can ’ t take the items until you can buy them .
For me , now an important question to buy an Accord is the time when I can get this car . I need a new car rather soon .
That's good enough , I think . What colors does the new Accord come in ?
My brother has last year's Accord . And his car is a kind of soft purple color mixed with silver . I really like that color . I wonder if I can get that color on my Accord .
Yes , I think that's it . Can I get that on the Accord ?
Well , I think I want to order the new Accord then . It looks like an excellent car .
Yes , I know . I think Honda is the most reliable car on the road . I would never change to anything else . The Honda I have now almost never has service problems . It runs smooth as silk .
So , where can I start my work ?
And I represent ?
Ok , thank you .
Congratulations , Francis . Your hard working finally pays off . I am so happy for your promotion .
I hope I could get promoted some day . Tell me about your experience , ok ?
How do you think if I volunteer for some work ?
How many places have you worked altogether ?
Would you tell me the general description of your present job ?
What time do you go to work ?
What time does the office close ?
Does your work involve a lot of paper filling and typing ?
What made you decide to change your job ?
What's today's date ?
When are you going on vacation ?
Really ? The day after tomorrow ? That's very soon .
How long are you going to stay there ?
When are you coming back ?
Peter , it's time to go home now ! Hurry up !
Honey , it's almost noon . We have to go home and make lunch for your sister .
Excuse me , can you show me the cloisonn bracelet in the counter ?
Can you also show me this one ?
I think the cloisonn bracelet is more beautiful .
Will the luster fade out after some time ?
Ok . Can I try it on ?
Hello , Madam . What can I do for you today ?
It's very quick and easy . It just takes 24 hours , we guarantee that . All you need to do is fill in this slip and we can proceed .
Oh , Sam ! Is this your dog ?
Cindy , you're so cute .
I have a little white cat .
Yes , cats are always gentle . and they don't need a lot of space since they're small .
Not at all . They're quiet most of the time.But they can be every bit as affectionate as dogs .
Absolutely . Believe it or not , I found my cat by a garbage can around my neighborhood two years ago .
Yes . It was starving and looking for something to eat when I saw it .
Hello . City News . Can I help you ?
Okay . What ’ s your account number ?
And your address , please ?
When do you want it cancelled ?
What's your name please ?
Why are you applying for a visa ?
How long has your daughter been in the States ?
What's her job ?
OK . thank you . Could you please fill out this form ?
Watch out , Jenny ! Be careful of the cars .
Did you get hit ?
Can you tell me how to reach the bank please ?
I have an AIR pass card and I want to withdraw money from the bank .
How do I get there . I have no knowledge of this area .
It sounds very complicated . How far is it from here ?
Oh , I would really appreciate that . By the way will I be going North or South ?
So how did I do ?
I lost ?
So the price was good ?
So I didn't miss by much then .
I knew the delivery was slow but I figured the price would win it for me .
I'd have a look at some pots and pans .
What kind is most durable , please ?
I'll have the stainless ones . They look very solid .
Is supper ready ? I'm hungry .
Ok . What are we having ?
I'll have my beef well-done , please . By the way , don't we have soup tonight ?
Hello there , Sir . I've dealt with you before , haven't I ?
Yes , of course , Mr Peters ! Good to see you again . What can we do for you today ?
Madison Suites , how may I help you ?
OK ma'am , can you tell me the date you expect to check in ?
We have a junior single suite or a superior double suite available for those dates .
The junior suite is smaller and has one twin bed , while the superior suite has a double bed and mini-bar .
Yes , a buffet breakfast is served every morning . I will need your name and your credit card details in order to complete the reservation .
Do you have a same one in yellow ?
I think so too . How much is it ?
Could you cover for me on Tuesday ? I'm not coming back until Wednesday .
We're going to the beach for the weekend .
No . Just some fun in the sun . We really need to get away and relax for a few days .
Hello , can I start you off with anything to drink ?
Sure , would you like any appetizers today ?
No problem , can I get you anything else ?
Okay , let me know when you're ready to order your food .
Okay , what can I get you ?
Will that be all ?
Are you ready to order yet , sir ?
Yes , sir . It'll be a moment .
Miss Liu , please come in .
Copy this report for me .
You should use the A4 paper is all right .
It is unnecessary .
Would you like to come to our factory for a visit ?
You can look around our new workshops and the automatic machines .
Here's the schedule we've prepared .
Do you mind if we talk about your schedule tomorrow ?
And this is the schedule for Mrs . Watson . Eileen from our department will take care of her .
Where were decorating and I ’ m going to ask some things .
Shall we need at 1 fifteen this Thursday ? We definitely need some new filing cabinets and at least one desk unit .
Hello , Ms . Murphy ?
It ’ s John Anderson . I ’ m afraid I ’ m going to be out sick today . I ’ Ve got a nasty cold . I hope you don ’ t mind , ma ’ am .
There are so many Chinese people in Vancouver .
Good morning . Are you ready to order ?
Would you like anything to drink ?
Anything else ?
I heard you were promoted to general manager of IBM's China Headquarters .
You did a good job for the company . You deserve it .
So . this is your first day in the new position . How do you feel ?
I believe you are cut out for this position . You're an outstanding individual .
The telephone is ringing . Can you answer it , Sue ?
Do you know where I can find old music boxes ?
What's that ? I've never heard of such a thing .
OK , Where can I find one ?
Good morning , sir . What can I do for you ?
Yes , sir . Do you need some flowers ?
Certainly , sir . What kind of flowers would you like ?
You need fruit and lilies . Am I right ?
I think it's quite enough . I'II have them bought for you as soon as possible .
How long do you plan to stay here ?
How so ?
What are your future plans and what kind of expectations do you have of the company ?
Is Bob home ?
I need to get a taxi .
No , that won't be necessary . I just need a taxi .
Just a taxi , please .
I'm going to Rockefeller Center .
I want to leave as soon as possible .
Thank you , I'm coming down now .
Your house is very old . Does it need redecorating ?
Shall I help you with it ?
I have much time . I suppose it can be done .
What's your weight .
Do put yourself on a diet , otherwise you'll be too fat .
I heard you've found a new job .
So you're quite happy with your new job ?
How can I help you ?
What ’ s your destination ?
Ok . When is your train supposed to leave ?
OH , dear . What ’ s your last name , please ?
And your passport number ?
Let me see ... it doesn ’ t look like we have any information about your ticket here .
Oh dear . I ’ m really sorry , sir . But you don ’ t have any proof of purchase . You ’ ll simply have to purchase another ticket .
It depends on how you want to travel . If you want a soft sleeper , it will cost 610 RIB , if you want a hard seat , it will only cost 100RMB .
looks like you might like the soft sleeper then .
... sir ?
Perhaps it ’ s in your other pocket .
You ’ re just 4 mao short for the hard sleeper , but I ’ ll let it go . Anything for love !
Hello , Room Reservation Service . May I help you ?
Let me see . Yeah , There are two such rooms left . May I have your name please ?
OK . I've got it .
Well , what's the matter with you ?
Have you got a headache ?
Are you coughing much ?
Now , let me listen to your chest . Ah , you have a temperature . Breathe deeply . That's right . Well , don't worry , it's only a throat infection . There's nothing wrong with your lungs . And how is your appetite ?
Show me your tongue , please . All right , stay in bed and keep yourself warm . I'll prescribe some pills for you to take .
Yes . You'll be better in a few days , I'm sure .
Hey man , you hit my car .
It doesn't matter , because you damaged my car .
Look what you did to my rear bumper .
My bumper is smashed in .
Your front bumper is just as damaged .
Here . I'd better get a call from you .
Could I have a refund on this ?
Then can I exchange it for something else with the same price ?
Are we going to have dinner tonight ?
I'm not cooking dinner .
I'm not sure what to cook for dinner .
I have a taste for some chicken and potatoes .
So are you planning on cooking it ?
I'll cook dinner .
Can I help you , sir ?
Yes . You should rent a brown suit and a black shirt .
Have you got anything to declare , madam ?
Have you got any wine or spirits ?
What about cigarettes or cigars ?
How many , madam ?
Excuse me.May I see the manager of your store ?
Oh , great , I saw a job ad outside your store . I am interested in the job advertised . I am coming to see if there is any opportunity available for me .
I can do the work of shop assistant and I worked part time in a small department store during my summer vocation last year .
At present , both are OK for me.What do you need most , then ?
I think I can . I have been learning English for almost 5 years and especially I am fluent at speaking English.Also , I have made some foreigners friends during the experience of learning English .
It quite suits me . I am free in the evening these days , I will have no difficulty starting at five pm .
It seems reasonable.By the way , I can get my earning raised with a excellent performance , can't I ?
I see . I will try my best to do the job well .
How about next monday ?
Chinese tea is famous all over the world . I want to buy several boxes .
Well , I do not know Chinese tea at all .
Sounds interesting . What about this ?
What's this ? It smells fragrant .
I will take the jasmine tea . Could you pack it with the wrapping paper and ribbon ? It is a gift for my friend .
Bob , did you see our supervisor ? I need him to sign this paper .
What's up ?
Thanks for the warning .
I want to rent skis and boots .
Thank you . I am a learner so can you tell me where I can find a ski instructor ?
So , now we have covered all the important points .
Before we draft the contract , let's examine the details .
Perfect . But what I ’ m concerned about most is the time of delivery 。
Yes ?
No problem . I ’ ll have the covering LC opened as soon as I wetback . In addition , would you tell me by whom the commodity inspection is conducted before shipment ?
Please remember to use both English and Chinese versions and both versions should be equally valid .
Then I ’ ll come along three days later to put my signature on it .
I want to buy some running shoes . Maybe New Balance .
But I exercise at the club . And I use the stepping machine.So I need good running shoes .
What's the difference ?
And what are running-shoe-style shoes ?
But they aren't as light , right ?
That's what I want.For exercising at the club . I can even spend 100 dollars on them . I don't care .
My sister has New Balance running shoes . I want shoes just like hers . I don't care if they're expensive . And they look cool too .
I want the best.My sister said good shoes are very important . For support . They support your feet .
No , but she exercises more than me .
Here it is . This is what my sister has .
I wonder if they have my size .
Here in America , it's six .
Hello , this is Francis from XYZ Company . I would like to discuss with you about a new project some time next week . Do you have time to meet ?
Ok .
It is ok with me . So I will be arriving at your office around 2 fifteen PM . Do you have a projector in your room ? I would like to show you some related charts
Here's your roast chicken , ma'am .
Excuse me , waiter , could you bring me some barbecue sauce ?
Good afternoon , is there anything I can do for you ?
That will make your eyes seem bigger .
Welcome to IBA . What can I do for you today ?
No problem . Could you let me have your card and the money to be deposited ?
Yes , it's the same every day during the lunchtime rush . We will be putting in a new ATM in the near future , though . That should help to ease the queues .
I know what you mean . How much would you like to deposit with us today ?
That's correct , 1,000 RIB . I'll need your personal code to deposit this . Could you enter it on this key pad , please ?
It will show in your account straight away . Here's your card back and could you please sign the slip here ?
Mike ! Look at the floor !
What's wrong with it ? It's filthy !
It's filthy because you never wipe your shoes .
What are you looking for now ?
Well , they ' re not here . They are in the dustbin .
Dick , I ’ Ve decided not to rent that house .
I ’ Ve changed my mind .
Well , I think maybe I should find a house that is closer to where I work .
OK ! Let's get down to business now .
As you know , we should work out cautious and detailed plan for our promotion , so as to guide our company to be successful in the new product , L-series .
I know that . I need to discuss this with Arden . And in his opinion , we should widen the scope of our ads , so newspaper and Internet should be adopted in this campaign .
Well . We plan to contact www . on-line advertising . com.cn and Shanghai Morning Newspaper to discuss the advertisement schedule .
What kind of media do you recommend ?
Well . Arden just mentioned the paper and the on-sales . And I can talk about TV with him later , because TV promotion gets more and more popular among consumers .
You look so excited . What happened ?
So they have started the year end sale earlier this year .
I guess I'll wait a few more days . There maybe even bigger discount then .
My name is Mary , and I will be your waitress tonight .
Before your main course , would you like to order an appetizer ?
There is a special appetizer menu right here in the center of the table .
You know , that is one of my favorites !
You could choose another appetizer for half price to share .
Flight BE - 407 to Paris is delayed . Will passengers please wait in the lounge ?
The time of departure will be announced as soon as possible .
Come in and have some coffee , Anna . The kids have just gone out to the mall to hang out with their friends .
They spend hours there , especially on weekends .
I know several . But wouldn't it be easier to take the shirt back and exchange it for the right size ?
No , it's easy . We'll just take the shirt back to the men ’ s department and show them the sales slip . They'll exchange it for the correct size or give you a refund .
Sure . I love going to the mall .
Can I help you , madam ?
Have you any particular color in mind ?
Red is very popular .
Yes , madam , I agree.What size are you ?
Here you are , madam.All these are sixteens .
It's $ 180 .
These are our cheapest coats , madam .
Here's your change .
Do you want to go catch a movie tonight ?
Come on ! You can go tomorrow , just skip it today . It's not as if you are gonna get in trouble !
That's cool , does your personal trainer basically teach you how to work out ?
Excuse me , how do I get to Wall Street ?
I ’ m sorry , but how do I know the subway train is going south ?
O . K . , so it ’ s this one ?
Oh , sorry .
I am afraid I have some bad news for you . It's about our order contract O5TSWAL .
The goods arrived half a month later than scheduled . What's more , five cases were found broken and unit inside seriously damaged .
But then there were some cracks in a number of cases . Almost all the bottom of the cases were loose .
But our surveyors found the damage was caused by poor packing .
But you filled the cartons too full and the straps are not strong enough . When they were rehandled , some of them were broken .
Here is your ticket . Let's get in the museum .
I can't agree more . I think we'd better hire a guide so that we can learn more .
What's wrong with you , young man ?
I see . You've got a cold .
Take this medicine three times a day .
Drink a lot of water and have a good rest . You'll be well soon .
Well , we didn't ask for this room service maybe someone else ask it , I ’ m sure .
Yes , please .
We paid for the room service already in our room .
What do you do ?
Really ? That ’ s so cool .
What station do you work at ?
May I see your passport ?
How long are you going to stay ?
What is the purpose for your visit ?
Where are you going to stay ?
Do you have anything to declare ?
Is it okay to have a day off next week ?
I need to go to the dentist .
I ’ m glad you could make it .
I think a pipe burst in my apartment .
You ’ ll find the pipe in my bathroom .
It ’ s been leaking for a couple of days now .
I understand .
I just want the problem taken care of .
Could I ask some questions regarding to the social benefits ?
How long is my paid vacation every year ?
What about the insurance and housing policies ?
How often is the bonus ?
Do I have training opportunities ?
Well , I don ’ t have any other questions so far . I would like to think a couple of days before I give you my final answer .
Ok , thank you for your time and patience .
Can you tell me where the produce is ?
Do you know what produce is on sale ?
Can I take your drink order ?
The wine choices are posted on the little menu in the middle of the table .
We can make a number of mixed drinks at our bar .
Our house special is our Cuervo Gold margarita .
Can I prepare your drink on the rocks , or would you prefer it blended ?
Do you like your margarita with salt or no salt ?
Richard ! I need those tax forms from you before five !
Okay . The sooner the better .
So am I on the right road to Piccadilly Circus ?
What did he say ?
Can I help you , madam ?
Are you all our guests ?
Please fill in this form .
So you're leaving this evening , we ’ ll keep your bags until 6pm , here is you tag .
Look ! It is not working well . Did you try out the bike when you bought it .
But it would save a lot of trouble if you had taken it for a test ride .
Hi , Helen . Where are you going on this summer vacation ?
Okay , here are the graphs and figures for this month's sales . Let's review them all together .
I think you are looking at the wrong line . The rapid drop in sales wasn't our hair products . You are correct , the hair product sales decreased slightly , but not dramatically . The one that didn't do so hot this month was the cleaning products . I think there was a problem in the marketing plan . Some people were offended by our advertisements for the cleaning products , but it was already too late to mitigate the damage , so our mistake shows up in the sales .
That is our one major success . If you look at the other graphs , you can see that most of the other product lines remained steady with little increase .
Are you going to eat anything with your sandwich ?
Oh really , what kind of fruit do you like ?
What kind of apples do you prefer ?
I don't really like green apples that much .
I think they are too sour .
Don't you like red apples ?
Peter , why don't you go outside and play basketball with your friends ?
I just can't understand why you want to stay at home . It is such a wonderful day today .
Didn't you just finish watching a basketball game on TV ?
Oh , Peter . You really should go and play ball yourself rather than watching games .
While you are thinking about what you might like to order for dinner , would you like to order your drinks ?
The wine list is posted right there on the board .
Yes , we have a wide selection of mixed drinks available from our bar .
Our most popular drinks are our Cuervo Gold margaritas .
Can I bring that to you on the rocks , or would you like it blended ?
Salt or no salt ?
What ’ s the matter , dear ?
Oh , dear . Did you lose a lot of money ?
May I have the menu , please ?
Would you mind giving me a hand ?
Help me hang up this picture , please . Would you hold it straight while I put in the nail ?
Now , hand me the hammer and those nails , please .
There ! How does it look ? Tell me if I've got it straight .
How do we spend our holiday ? Do you have any good ideas ?
I am Liu Yi , from China XYZ Company . I ’ d like to see Mr . Thomas , please .
No , I am afraid not . I just arrive in town today .
Would you please ask when he will be free ?
John , I ’ Ve asked you not to smoke in here ! I don ’ t want to see you smoking in my office again .
That ’ s what you said the last time ! If you want to smoke , you ’ ll have to use your break time and go outside !
It's my first time to come to Bangkok . Could you recommend some places for me ?
What do you mean ?
Sounds persuasive . How much will you charge for it ?
That's reasonable . Will you take care of meals for the day ?
I see . May I know the schedule ?
Royal Hotel , can I help you ?
Yes , we have . What kind of room would you like ?
No problem , sir .
It is $ 200 per night .
Yes , but the offer ended yesterday . I'm sorry .
No , sir . So far it is the least expensive suite for tomorrow night .
Yes , it does . Now could I have your name , please ?
Would you kindly spell it for me ?
Thank you , I got it . And how long do you expect to stay ?
OK . Our check-in time is after 12:00 . And see you tomorrow .
What kind of work do you want to do when you finish university ?
That ’ s a job that pays well . If you ’ re lucky , you might have opportunities to travel as well . Have you applied to any banks yet ? Our course will end soon .
Well done ! I haven ’ t sent off any job applications yet .
I ’ d like to work in marketing . I think I could have a good career in that field .
I need to talk to you about something .
I have some questions about my lease .
Exactly how long is my lease for ?
What will happen if I move out before then ?
I don ’ t understand .
Okay , I think that I understand .
Is everything to your satisfaction ?
Oh ! Sorry to hear that . This is quite unusual as we have steak from the market every day .
I'm sorry , sir . Do you wish to try something else ? That would be on the house , of course .
I ’ m glad you could find time to meet with me , Mr . Johnson . I can ’ t think of a nicer environment for our meeting today , the ambiance here is lovely !
Well , as you know , I have recently become the sole distributor for Grangers Gourmet Bon-bons here in the United States . They ’ re a new manufacturer and are looking to break into the luxury market . Naturally , your restaurant sprang into my mind immediately . I think your brand exemplifies many of the same traits as Grangers and serving these chocolates would really add to your reputation for providing elegant , luxurious , first class dining .
Actually , the factory is located in Scotland .
That ’ s what makes this such a fantastic opportunity ! The government is one hundred percent supportive of creating new export markets and has guaranteed a low tariff for all wholesale orders of over one thousand units . They ’ Ve also reduced the red tape involved at customs as well . Here , I brought these especially for you , try one !
Unique , aren ’ t they ? I bet you ’ Ve never tasted anything like it ! Quality is assured as I personally visit the factory to make sure no one ’ s cutting corners with the ingredients . Only the creme make it through inspection .
I have it on highest authority that this traditional secret recipe has been handed down in the Granger family for generations . I ’ m sure you can keep a secret.Buttermilk , cacao beans , sugar and Haggis .
I wonder who that man is .
The one smoking a cigar .
Welcome to Galant . How can I help you ?
Of course . We have three different plans with different prices you can choose from . The first one is the cheapest but most basic plan which is thirty dollars a month . This is for broadband internet with a download speed of five hundred and twelve kbps .
Well , this connection might be a bit too slow for your needs . I suggest you get the premium package for fifty dollars a month which includes a connection speed of two megabytes . That way you can play games online without any lag . This package also includes a wireless router and a personal firewall absolutely free !
Lucky for you , this month we aren ’ t charging our normal installation fee . You are saving yourself 100 bucks right there ! And we ’ ll throw in this pen drive !
Could you make up this prescription for me , please ?
What can I do ?
Could I ?
Great . I'll take this brand . And how do I take these medicines ?
Thank you .
I want to make a phone call . Can you show me how ?
Yes , now what do I do ?
No , nothing changed .
I am trying to call my boss .
I know a few extensions but I don't know them all .
We're thinking of ordering fifty refrigerators . But , there's one problem .
The only problem is the price . It's not possible for us to make any sales at this price .
I'm afraid I can't agree with you there . Your price is much higher than other companies .
I don't deny that the refrigerator is of top quality . If you could go a little lower , we'll place the order right away .
Excuse me . I seem to have lost my son .
Shirley .
Daniel .
He is in a blue sportswear and a white sportsshoes . About 1.4 meters .
Hello ! I need to make a copy of something at once .
Fantastic ! Is there a charge ?
Well , I'm only making one copy , so I guess I can afford it .
I want to get a bite to eat .
I have no idea what I want .
I wouldn't mind getting some Chinese food .
I'm not sure .
Do they do a good job on the food ?
have you ever been in an earthquake ?
do you know where it measured on the Richter scale ?
no , but I was in quite a few tornados when I was younger .
I'm from the plains of the Midwest . It's a prime location for tornadoes .
most of the time we were lucky , but once a tree from our front yard was ripped out by its roots and ended up in our living room .
actually , some of my fondest memories of my childhood were of spending time with my family in the basement waiting for the tornados to pass .
no , but my father's car was destroyed in a flood once . It actually happened the day after he bought the car !
Do you know how to drive ?
Could you teach me how to drive ?
Yes , I have my learner's permit .
I've only driven a car one time .
I know them .
We can do it when you have some time .
I'd like to order a restock on my minibar .
Absolutely everything .
Three bottles each of Perrier and Jim Beam .
The apples were great . Could you bring a couple more up ?
Some grape juice would also be nice .
This is the house I want to rent .
No problem . First , it's comfortable and cozy . Second , it has a lovely view of the city . Third , it has all kinds of electric appliances that we need , such as refrigerator , electric stove , heating apparatus , washing machine and dishwasher . Forth is the most important , the electricity is free of charge . Finally , it's located in the center of the city and the transportation is convenient .
200 dollars per week .
It certainly is . But to tell you the truth , the room is so large that I can share it with someone else , and that will decrease the total amount of the rent .
Don't you think I can save some bus fares since it ’ s easy to go anywhere from here and it ’ s near the place where I work ?
Twice a week for work and once for shopping .
Can I see the doctor ?
No , I don't .
Well , I am spending my vacation here and I have a stomachache and ...
I ’ d prefer to see him asap . If I have to wait for another 30 mins , I think I will faint from this unbearable pain in my stomach and ...
No , not for this country .
No , I didn't think I ’ d need it .
Cash , credit card , cheque anything . I just have to see a doctor . I am in pain .
Diana's Flowers , Diana Lin's office , may I help you ?
No , she's out for lunch . May I take a message ?
Can you type , Jane ?
How many words a minute ?
En ... and can you speak any foreign languages ?
Really ? that ’ s very good . What about French ?
... Can you start next week ?
Yes , on Monday .
Hello.Is this room service ?
This is room 1425.We asked for the room service an hour ago .
What's the matter ?
Is it really going to take that long ? Will you rush the order ?
I ’ Ve decided to grow my own garden !
On the contrary , I have been reading a lot of books about the subject .
Well , first I need to buy some things , such as fertilizer , seeds and tools .
You know , the basics . A rake , shovel , spade and a hoe .
I ’ ll till the soil and then sow the seeds . I ’ ll then add some fertilizer and voila ! Gardening all done !
Hi , my name is Ted , what's yours ?
I said , I'm Ted , who are you ?
Do you come here often , Laura ?
Let's go outside and talk . So Laura , do you come here often ?
I asked if you come here often .
No , this is my first time here .
Yeah , that's why I'm here . My friends dragged me here , because they think I spend too much time studying .
May I speak to Peter ?
Have you every belonged to a political party ?
Really ? I know you are very concerned about the environment . You were a member of the pressure group Greenpeace , weren ’ t you ?
The green party have no chance of winning an election . The other parties are too big and popular .
Most people are not very politically aware . They often don ’ t understand the issues fully .
Excuse me !
Is this your handbag ?
Is this your handbag ?
Look , George , There's the Great Wall .
Yeah , it stretches over for thousands of miles .
Where can we climb it ?
Well , we could take the cable car .
Okay . Let's go .
But we made it .
It was first built about twenty-five hundred years ago .
Would you like to go sightseeing tomorrow ?
What would you like to see in Beijing ?
Mary , come here . I've found the book our teacher recommended us to buy last week .
You know , it is the best seller for this year . It has had its fifth impression since its publication early this year .
Wait a minute . I found there were two printings . The paperback books must be much cheaper .
Hello , this is Than Hua's office . Can I help you ?
Speaking .
That's right . What can I do for you ?
Would you like me to show you our new cleaning unit ? It's a clever design .
It washes the solvent off all the metal parts - the blades , trays etc . - and then sends it back into the system .
I hear you jog everyday .
I think maybe one day you can take part in the walking race .
Hey , John ! I haven ’ t seen you in ages ! What ’ s new ? What have you been up to ?
Trading ? You , big guy ? What are you trading ?
Currencies ? As in Euros , Dollars , Pounds and Rupees ?
I don ’ t understand . You ’ re buying and selling money ?
Last night ?
I would like to discuss purchasing a home with you .
I would like to live in Pasadena or Arcadia .
We would like a smaller cozy cottage with 2 bedrooms and 1 bathroom .
No , we don ’ t really care because they are all pretty good around here .
We really want to live in a lakeside home with a dock for our boat .
Look over there . That is what I am looking for . Let's go !
Mike , shall we book two tickets online ?
Yeah . How many tickets remain ?
Hello , thanks for calling 123 Tech Help , I ’ m Todd . How can I help you ?
It ’ s okay sir , calm down . What happened ?
Ok , sir , it sounds like you might have a virus .
No , your computer might have a virus , I mean , it has a bad program on it . Maybe that ’ s why it crashed . I recommend that you run an antivirus program in order to safely remove any unwanted spyware or Trojans .
Here comes the bus .
It has a receiver , a CD player , a double cassette deck , and a turntable .
The CD player is a three-disk player . Here , we'll put a disk in so you can check out the sound . ( He puts a CD into the CD player . )
You can also play Ccds on it if you hook it up to your TV .
Why do you think you are qualified for this position ?
Great . Then what's your technical post title now ?
Do you take the original certificate with you ?
Can you briefly tell me about one of your designs ?
Welcome to our hotel's indoor swimming pool . What can I do for you ?
You don't need to worry about that . madam . We have a warm massage pool , and the temperature is 36 ° C .
Certainly , madam . The deepest place is two meters but you can swim in the shallow area , which is only l . 4 meter in depth . We have separate locker rooms over there and they are free of charge .
Hello ! Can I help you ?
What kind of flowers do you want ?
How about rose ? It's the most suitable one for lovers .
Well , what about violet ? It means the eternal beauty .
Excuse me . Have you got the time ?
Does your watch keep good time ?
Hi , I ’ m Ray , your tenant in Room 209 .
There ’ re some problems in my apartment . First , the faucet in the bathtub drips constantly .
One of the burners on the stove doesn ’ t work .
I can ’ t control the temperature .
Well , there ’ s one more thing . The telephone is dead .
Okay . Thank you very much .
It was good to see you here , John .
Good evening , sir . What can I do for you ?
OK , please fill in the form first .
We will send it to your room at 4:00 pm tomorrow .
We have express service as well . It charges 30 % more but I assure your coat will be ready tomorrow morning .
I have a little trouble , and I don't know how to deal with it .
Tom wants me to write a recommendation letter for him , but I don't know how to write it .
Really ? Tell me without delay .
Well , I see .
It's easy to write those .
Tom got along well with classmates . He is really a good boy .
What should I write except these ?
Do you feel all right ?
I am sorry . It's not allowed . If you do want , please go to the smoking section . It's in the back part of the plane .
What ’ s wrong with you ? Why are you scratching so much ?
Let me have a look . Whoa ! Get away from me !
I think you have chicken pox ! You are contagious ! Get away ! Don ’ t breathe on me !
Well in the meantime you are a biohazard ! I didn ’ t get it when I was a kid and I ’ Ve heard that you can even die if you get it as an adult !
Hello , is Marie Ward there , please ?
Ok .
Can you give her a message , please ?
Please tell her to give Colin a call when she gets back . She has my number .
Thank you for your help .
Are you going to vote ?
Yes , and for the first time .
I don ’ t know how to vote .
I ’ m not sure what laws are being voted on .
They do ?
Thanks for telling me .
What would be the earliest that I could actually move into my new house ?
What should we do to make sure that we have the electricity and water turned on ?
There are a few things that we want to do to the place , like painting and carpet cleaning .
I asked the store to deliver my new appliances on the day we are moving in .
I could use some help on moving day . What are you doing on Saturday ?
Mrs . Lin . Please hold all of my calls for the next hour .
Yes , I'll talk to her .
May I help you , sir ?
By air or by sea ?
How about this wallet ? It's made of fine leather .
This gift is the best for a man who has everything .
Excuse me , miss . I'm a transit passenger for Flight No . 207 . Can you tell me where to go ?
Where's Gate 12 ?
Do you like cooking ?
I don ’ t like it . It takes up too much time and I really hate having to clean up after the meal . I can ’ t stand doing the washing up , drying up , and putting all the dishes and cutlery away .
So , what kind of dishes do you usually make ? I know you like Italian food .
Do you find it hard to get ingredients for Chinese food ?
How long does it take you to cook a meal for five or six people ?
Can I help you , sir ?
All right . How much do you need ?
One thousand U . S . Mm hmm . And are you going to pay cash ?
All right . Now can I have your passbook ?
Thank you . And what amounts do you want the checks in ?
Do you take in students ? I've been told you might have a vacant room .
How much are you asking ?
Could I have a look at it , please ?
Good morning , miss .
Could you tell me please where can I find a currents exchange ?
I'd like to exchange 5000 Singapore dollars into the US dollars please .
Yes , here is my account number .
Sure , here is my passport , by the way what is the rate today ?
Yes , it is the credit demand.Where can I cash travellers ' cheques ?
900 dollars .
I need 8 hundreds and the rest in 10s please ?
Thank you , have a nice day .
Watsup , ladies ! Y'll looking ’ fine tonight . May I have this dance ?
It's all good . I'll show you all the right moves . My name's Malik .
How you feeling ’ , vista ? Mind if I take your friend ' round the dance floor ?
I really don ’ t know how to teach my son . He's getting far above himself .
Hello , madam . Would you like to take a look at our products ? They are high-tech items .
Sure . Do you have a minute ? Why don't you have a seat and let me show you how to operate this item ?
You see , if you press this red button , the helmet becomes an umbrella .
It only costs you 20 dollars for one .
Hi , Mark ! Hi , do you have a minute ?
Sure , no problem . Can we fix a time to talk later ?
Ok , see you 10 o'clock next Monday !
What's for dinner tonight ?
I'm not making anything .
What am I supposed to cook ?
I want some chicken and potatoes .
When are you going to make it ?
Fine , I'll make it .
Cindy , can you show me how to call Connecticut ?
A good friend of mine is there on a homestay program , too .
Is it expensive to make out-of-state calls ?
What do I do here ?
That's it ?
I'd like to reserve a table for three this evening .
Do you have pot service at noon ?
OK , we'll come at half past eleven tomorrow .
Black .
This is how you turn on the computer .
Which university did you graduate from ?
What was your major at university ?
What course did you like best ?
What do you think is the relationship between the subjects you've taken and the job you are seeking ?
I am an eloquent speaker in the classroom . But when I face a stranger outside , I get tongue-tied and nothing comes out .
I will go out of my way to catch the attention of the interviewer .
I ’ m very shy . I think I might shake in my boots at the moment I meet the interviewer .
Another problem is that I dare not look into their eyes whenever I meet strangers , especially foreigners .
Is there anything else that I should pay attention to in an interview ?
I ’ ll remember to bring gum with me .
Good afternoon , ABC Incorporated . How many I direct your call ?
I am sorry , sir . He isn't in right now . Would you like to leave a message ?
And your company name , please .
Is there a telephone number where you can be reached ?
Thank you , sir . I'll tell him you called .
Do you see that small white car over there ? It ’ s Tom ’ s new car .
It is very expensive . Tom ’ s father paid for it .
Good afternoon . I suppose you are Ms . Monica . My name is Mr . Thomas , the general manager of ABC Company . Here is my business card .
I am very impressed by your resume . Therefore , I am very interested to know why you ’ re willing to leave your current company .
Ok , I understand . But why you choose us to work for ?
How do you work with a team ?
What ’ s your long term goal ?
Is there anything I can do for you ?
What about this one ? It sells like hot cakes .
Excuse me , sir , your steamed crabs is coming .
Mix a little soya sauce , vinegar and sliced ginger on this plate and dip the meat in it before eating .
Excuse me , do the buses stop here ?
I want to go to Broadway and 82nd Street . Can I take any bus that comes along ?
How often do the buses run ?
Fine . How long does it take to get to 82nd Street ?
Yes , I am . I arrived only three days ago from Japan .
I like it very much , but it's a little confusing to me .
Thank you for the information .
How is the project going ?
Do you have any problem during the process ? You should speed things up .
Have you ever helped others when they are in trouble ? Most will give a hand to someone who has helped him .
And you should have good co-operation with other colleagues , you know a scientific schedule brings efficiency to the work .
Cheer up and pay more attention to your colleagues and the things will be much better . I am speaking from my experience .
And you should read as much as possible to enrich the knowledge .
We're approaching the critical point for success or failure of this project . you'd better speed up and catch up with books .
If you have any problem in your work , let me know .
Mr . Thomas is making a long-distance call . Please wait for a few minutes .
Coffee would be fine .
I like it black .
Good afternoon , can I help you ?
How many and what kind ?
Anything else ?
$ 16 . 50 .
Do you like travelling ?
Do you usually travel by bus ?
are you ready for your first driving lesson ?
the pedal on your left is the brake and the one on your right is the gas .
automatics are very simple to drive . The first thing you should do is put your seat belt on .
very funny . Next you should check your side mirrors and your rear view mirror . Can you see out of them ?
how ’ s that ?
check your petrol situation .
that ’ s a good idea . Put your keys in the ignition , start it up , put the car in reserve , wait for the road to be clear , and then back out of the driveway .
remember , no honking this time . The horn is only for emergencies !
You look like in perfect condition .
Which sports do you participate in ?
Can you tell me something about yoga ?
How do you feel when you practice yoga ?
But it will help you keep fit .
Excuse me , sir.Is there anything I can do for you ?
Is it this one ?
Good afternoon . What can I do for you ?
Your name , please ?
Wait for a minute , Mr . Brown , a single room with bath from today to the fifteenth .
Would you like to register now ?
Could you fill out this registration form , please ?
Yes . Thank you . May I see your passport , please ?
Thank you . Will you be paying in cash or by credit card ?
Your room number is 210 . The bellboy will show you the way there . I hope you enjoy your stay .
Here is your spicy diced chicken with peanuts , sir .
I would advise you to enjoy the dish while it is hot .
Yes . It's a traditional dish .
You are right , sir . To prepare it , a Sichuan food chef first fries some chilli until they turn reddish brown , and then puts diced chicken breast meat into the pot with other condiments and peanuts . That's why the dish has a bright colour .
Wow , the ferris wheel over there is so big . I'd like to take a ride on it .
Look at your right-hand . Is it the zone of the Lost Maya Kingdom ?
I want to have a try later .
Wow , that's my favorite . It's like a superman shooting right up into the sky .
Of course . After this , I want to show you to the Haunted House .
Bingo !
morning , Mr . Montgomery . I ’ Ve been sent over from purchasing to fill in for Clare Williams .
Oh , about seven years . Time flies , you know !
Hello , Pauline ’ s Furniture Store , Faye speaking . How may I help you ?
I ’ m terribly sorry about that . We could take it back and deliver a new one to you early next week . Would that suit you ?
Please hold on , I'll just check with the delivery department .
How are you ?
Could you tell me how you dealt with it this time ?
Hey , look out !
You've just scratched my car . Oh , God , a paint was scratched off .
No , mine !
I've just had it repainted .
I am sorry to say this , sir , but you should've been more careful .
What about the damage to my car ? What are you gonna do about that ?
Should I tell EDD that I have found a job ?
What difference does it make ?
If I take a short job and then get laid off , will I be starting over trying to get unemployment ?
Excuse me , This bus goes down town , doesn ’ t it ?
The worker stadium .
Do you let me know where to get off ?
What can I help you with today ?
What's the problem ?
Is there anything else wrong with it ?
I can come down and fix that for you if you'd like .
How does this afternoon at 2 thirty sound to you ?
Alright , so I'll see you then ?
We would like you to stop by again so we can show you some more problems that have come up with our apartment .
We sent you an e-mail the first week we moved in ; it listed the problems we found .
The roof leaks when it rains , there is mold on the bedroom walls , and the dishwasher doesn ’ t work .
Maintaining basic health and safety standards is your responsibility .
Unfortunately , you won ’ t be getting a rent check unless these problems are fixed by Friday .
Which school is your children in ?
Oh , it costs too much . It's more expensive than the public school .
Mr . Wang , I want to apologize for being late again this morning . I just can't get up in time for work .
Well , you know how important a clean house is to your grandma .
She was the head janitor at St . Mary's Hospital for thirty years , after all .
You know , maybe she's just a neat freak .
Good morning , Mr . Montgomery . I've been sent over from purchasing to fill in for Clare Williams .
Oh , about seven years . Time flies , you know !
Let's take a break .
Hello , is that Mason's builders ?
We have a problem with our roof . Can you come and have a look ?
We have water coming through . It was raining yesterday and this morning we noticed a wet patch on our ceiling .
Yes , it seems to be just in the living room , above the window .
No , sorry , we didn't .
Yes , we have a hatch with a ladder .
Yes , my wife will be there .
The kitchen stinks .
I guess I'm just a little nervous . I'm giving everything I have to invoking , and ...
Exactly .
How ?
Mary , besides the resume , I think we should also write an application letter .
I think we should begin the letter with a salutation , and the salutation must be very formal .
We should say we are very interested in that job , and we hope to get that job .
For example , I have mastered Business English very well , and I also know a little Spanish .
You can say you have had a firm grasp of the professional knowledge , and you can communicate with others proficiently in English .
I understand we will need seven air conditioning units on the two floors.That ' s what you think , yes ?
And if we take the Decker units you suggested , what would the price be ?
Isn't there any way we can get central air conditioning in this building ?
That's too much . We need to use the separate units , I guess .
So you say we can do it for 6000 dollars .
You mean installation isn't included ? I'm very surprised .
In Taipei , you know , the company usually installs the things they sell.They don't charge extra .
Yes , I suppose I should get used to it.But I'm not really willing to spend more than 6000 dollars for this.We haven't even opened yet .
And the other company that gave me a quote on this said they could do it for 4000 dollars .
I will tell you what I can agree to.If you can quote me a price of 6000 dollars , installation included , I can accept .
You do seem like a better company than the other one.So I am willing to pay more than 4000 for you . But I won't pay more than 6000 .
I am calling to say thank you for the interview yesterday .
Is there anything I should do ?
Thank you . Please call me at any time if you have any questions .
When you need an apartment , where do you look for one ?
Can I share an apartment with someone ?
Are apartments expensive in this city ?
I want a two-bedroom apartment .
Would you have time to go look at apartments with me ?
Hi , still in the office ? It ’ s already 7 .
Sounds like our boss . Typically him always late with important information . Anything I can help ?
Ok , shall I make a coffee first ?
Hello . Welcome !
This way please . We offer multiple manicure services here . Do you want a full service ?
But the full service will make your nails look much prettier and it is on discount now .
OK . Please sit down . I hope you will be satisfied with our service .
Hello . Good morning , Stately Restaurant . May I help you ?
Fine , sir . For how many people , please ?
OK . What name , please ?
Can you spell that , please ?
Oh , thanks , Mr . Kaufman . We look forward to your visit .
Have you been coming to this Laundromat long ?
Why is that ?
I've just started doing my clothes here .
My washing machine broke down .
It's too expensive to get it fixed .
Yeah , I think that's what I'm going to have to do .
Julia , look at me ! I'm gaining weight . How could I lose weight ? Do you have any good ideas ?
Are you sure ?
Really ? Does swimming have other advantages ?
That ’ s great . Okay , from now on I would swim three times a week . I hope I can get rid of the weight .
I am waiting for a fax but just now I found there ’ s something wrong with the fax machine .
Yes , very urgent . And there is no other fax machine around . And the office of our boss is closed , so I can not use his machine either . And his secretary is out . Do you have any suggestion ?
Gucci , you look serious . I wish you ’ d let your hair down .
I don ’ t want you to be worried , but our son has some bad habits now . He says painful words everyday .
He says kick mommy , beat mommy , don ’ t want mommy very quickly if I do something that he doesn ’ t like . You know , if I wash his face or change his clothes , things like that .
Yes , but sometimes he is just not reasonable .
It ’ s easy to say , but I will try .
Good morning , Madam . What can I do for you ?
That shouldn't be a problem , Madam . I'm sure we can sort this out for you quickly .
Well , to be honest , it will slow things down a little . But it's not a big problem . You can do it by T / T .
White Rose Restaurant . Good afternoon ! Can I help you ?
Certainly , sir . At what time should we expect you ?
And what is it going to be , Chinese food or Western food ?
May I have your name , sir , please ?
So it's Mr . Peter , a table for six for the evening of the next Monday . It is Chinese food and you are coming at 6:30 .
How much for these autographed Elvis records ?
Uh , I'm not sure . Are these all in good condition ?
I don't really need five .
My watch always gains ten minutes a day .
No kidding .
You know what you can do ?
No , you don't have to . You only need to put your watch back ten minutes every day .
Yes , that's what I am doing .
Hi , what brings you to my office today ?
Have you had the flu lately ?
Have you ever been tested for allergies ?
Does this happen all the time or maybe a little more in the cold weather ?
I feel that you should see a pulmonary specialist to check for asthma .
How are the children doing in your class , Jane ?
Which child is this ?
What a large child !
And which child is this ?
What an agile child !
Now which child is this ?
You ’ re home late today , David . How was school ?
Oh , what ’ s she like ?
Is she old or young ?
Is she strict ?
Can she speak Chinese ?
Good afternoon , sir .
Could you spell that , please ?
One moment , please . Ah yes , Mr . Hilton , you booked a single room for three nights . Is that correct ?
I see from the computer that you are a frequent guest here . Do you have your loyalty card ?
Thank you . Right , your room number is 105 . Here's your key and receipt . Thank you for choosing our hotel again , sir .
Could I ask you where the company is ?
Can I get there by the No . 913 bus ?
Have you heard about John ’ s obscene words towards the manager ?
Can you help me find a pan ?
I want a big pan .
Yes , it's the right size , but it weighs too much .
It's light enough , but the handle will get too hot after cooking .
Oh , my family's going to love this one . I'll take it .
Sure . Wait , wait . Does a lid come with this pan ?
May I see your airplane ticket , passport and health certificate please ?
Will you please put all your luggage on the scale ?
Sir , your bags are 30 pounds over weight . You are allowed only 45 pounds of baggage .
Would you like to order anything else ?
The waitress is walking over here with our check even as we speak .
Yes , she really went out of her way to make this a pleasant dining experience .
How much money should we leave for a tip ?
She definitely deserves 20 % for a tip .
Yes , what a wonderful meal !
Hello , can I help you ?
What dress size do you wear ?
This dress is the latest fashion form Paris . It ’ s made of pure silk . And this silk blouse would go with this skirt . Do you like it ?
Why don ’ t you try it on and see how you feel about it ?
How does that feel ?
You look wonderful .
I see an Open House sign over there , and I think we should go check it out .
Yes , I see it listed on the printout we got off of the Internet .
We need to make sure to put our names in the registry so the realtor knows we were here .
On such a hot day , it is thoughtful to have water out for potential buyers .
What is the price of this house in the flyer ?
Would you like to have a piece of cake ?
Why ? You're not fat .
Women of all shapes would be beautiful if they are self-confident .
Well . There's a beauty contest in Thailand just for fat beauties .
All the beauties who entered the contest were over 80kg .
Honey , have you all packed ?
It is cold on the mountain . Have you packed the windshelled clothes and bodywarmers ?
You are so thoughtful . Do you think our tent will be working well ?
What about our mobile phones and cameras ? Did you charge them last night ?
Good . We should tell our neighbour that they can call the police if some emergency happens to us .
Sally , what do we have for dinner
Well , I quit breakfast , so I had a rich brunch . I feel like having something mild for dinner
Noodles are fine . Or maybe I'll have some porridge .
Hi , can you tell me where I could make a copy of a document right now ?
That's great . I don't suppose the copy machine is free for guests ?
In the good old days , it was only five cents a copy . I'll be right down .
We've settled price , order , payment , now I am calling to ask about package . How can we pack the goods ?
Do you mean that we are responsible for putting them together ?
I see . Why not use wooden cases ?
Oh , I know . Does it mean that shipment will have to be delayed if I insist on using wooden cases ?
Then you may use cardboard boxes for outer packing so long as you can guarantee the safety of the computers .
Is there anything that you are interested in ?
Yes . It's a prototype of our new product . It has got more advantages than the second did .
It will be released next month .
We have developed new technology about it . And the new product will be a pleasure to be hold .
Do you have these shoes in a size 7 ?
Excuse me , but is this dress on sale ?
Are you sure ? I'd be happy to pay the sale price today .
OK , I'll just check out a few other stores .
Good evening . Room Service . May I help you ?
Anything to drink , sir ?
Is there any particular brand you like , sir ?
Yes , sir.Is there anything else you want , sir ?
May I know how many of you so that I could prepare the right set of tableware ?
Excuse me . May I know your name and room number ?
Personnel . May I help you ?
This is she . Paul ?
Come on ! It's time to go !
Well , I've got to stop and get gas in the car , first .
Well , it won't if there no line at the pump .
I'll give you five more minutes , then I'm going on without you !
Can you connect me to Mary . Smith Hotel room ?
Can you leave a message for her to call her office ?
Dad , how can we get to the zoo ?
Does this bus go there ?
Let's step in , Dad .
Dad . Here comes another bus .
Why ? Dad ?
Come in and sit down , Jack . Now , what's the trouble ?
I see . When did it start ?
Have you got a temperature ?
Let's see . Yes . You ' Ve got quite a high temperature .
Hm .. I think you ' Ve got the flu .
No , not at all , but you must stay in bed for three days and take this medicine .
Three times a day after meals .
I was wondering whether you could ship the tennis racket overseas to Taiwan .
I understand you don't have a history of shipping overseas , but I am willing to pay extra for shipping .
Thanks so much ! By the way , is the racket really Serena Williams ’ ?
Waitress , can I have the bill , please ?
Do you accept credit cards ?
Master card . Here you go .
Good morning , sir . Can I help you ?
Do you know what color your wife often wears ?
Would you like this color or other colors ?
Then how do you like this plum red one ?
Yes , sir .
Excuse me . What should I wear if I want to go to an interview ?
I am afraid I would tense up during the interview .
Hi , is this Sue ?
Sue , this is Tom Lin from Allied Trust and I'm calling to offer you a position with our firm .
Senior account rep .
It starts at $ 30,000 . S
Did you smell something ? It smells so great .
How come I never knew that ? Do they have a new baker or something ?
Let's go and get some cookies . I am hungry now .
You can taste some before you buy it . They have food tasting at the counter .
It's one of my favorite bakeries .
You stay beside me ; I'll fry the meat in the oil first .
Er , I am gonna go with salt and sauce !
Is there anything wrong ?
How can I help you this afternoon ?
Unfortunately , an ATM is being refilled because it ran out of money . That's what's causing the hold up .
You are right , you've just missed the lunchtime rush . Could you fill out a withdrawal slip , please ?
Thank you . And you require ...
Please enter your personal code right here , on the key pad . And sign here , please .
Thank you . Here's your card back and your money . Please double check it for me .
Hello , may I help you ?
Yes , everything is 25 % off .
Sure , we have both skirts and slacks that will go well with the sweater . I especially like this flowery skirt . It's very much in style this year .
Look on the rack to your right .
What are you going to take ?
Of course . What kind of soup do you like ? Clear or thick ?
Can I help you ?
Yes.There are two colors .
Yes .
Anything else ?
Would you please take a seat over there , madam ? I ’ ll let Mr . Emory know that you ’ re here .
Well , it may take some time . Mr . Emory ’ s at a meeting at the moment . It would probably be more comfortable over there .
Hello . Excuse me . Do you know if there's a Commercial Bank around here ?
Straight on , and turn right . Is it far ?
Thanks very much .
Mr . Charles , I feel that we have had a very pleasant talk .
Yes , your company is a big one in the field and has great potential .
I want to know about the salary information in your company .
I hope my starting salary will be 3,000 yuan a month if I become a formal worker .
Really ? That's good news for me .
It sounds great !
By the way , how many days do we work every week ?
I have a problem with my cable .
My cable has been out for the past week or so .
When will it be working again ?
Do I still have to pay for the cable ?
So , I don't have to pay for it ?
Okay , thanks for everything .
I've found a nice place in this district.Three bedrooms , a large kitchen .
It sounds nice , but don't forget this is a seedy , run-down neighborhood .
It's a two-bedroom one , and renovated building with an eat-in kitchen .
Can I see your ticket please ?
Ok , Mr . Smith . Do you have any bags to check ?
And would you prefer a window seat or an aisle seat ?
Boarding time is 10:20 am .
Excuse me , I'm a little lost . Which bus do I take to get to Shi Da ?
Oh OK , where do I get off ?
Ok , thanks ...
No , is it difficult ?
How much does it cost ?
Wow , I can't thank you enough .
Have you gotten a parking ticket before ?
I got a ticket a couple of days ago .
I got it for parking in the red zone .
I had to run in and get something quickly .
I got the ticket in front of my apartment .
I had to make it quick .
Hi ! May I help you ?
In fact , in the past we only attended local exhibitions .
Here is our brochure . It'll help you get acquainted with our products and company .
Hey honey ! Where were you ?
How was it ? Were there a lot of kids ?
Sounds like fun ! When we go he always just likes to play in the sandbox .
Hello , Madam . Are you alright ?
Yes , that's correct , Madam . You don't need to go to a counter at all , you can use one of our ATM machines . I'll be more than happy to help you .
Well Rebecca , is there anything else you need to know for now ?
Okay well listen , here is my business card with my mobile number . If any other questions spring to mind don ’ t hesitate to contact me . Of course you can also call Miss Childs too .
Well , we are finishing the shortlist interviews tomorrow , so we will certainly have a decision made by early next week . Miss Childs will call you to discuss more on Monday or Tuesday . How does that sound ?
The pleasure ’ s all mine , Rebecca .
I'd like to reconfirm my plane reservation .
Flight 201 .
Anderson .
I want to go house shopping , and I want to know what I can afford to buy .
I earn sixty-five thousand dollars per year .
I have been at the job I now have for 2 years , and I have been with the company for 6 years total .
I own a small rental unit with a partner , and I receive five hundred dollars a month from that unit .
I don ’ t know , but the last time I checked , it was very good !
What do you think about all the different diets people go on ?
But what do you think about people who are obese ? What should they do to lose weight ?
So you think it's ok for people who are dieting to eat chocolate ?
How about drinking soda ?
That's good advice . Have you ever tried taking vitamins ?
How do you know so much about food and dieting ?
Hey , let ’ s pull over and look at that house over there .
Yes , it is on our list .
Let ’ s sign the registry . The realtor looks kind of busy right now .
Oh look , they have some refreshments in here .
Does it say how much they are asking for this house ?
Johnny , I can't believe you would do that .
You're darn Toomin ' , you know ! Now , you're on housework duty while I'm here !
You're going to mop the floor until you can see your face in it !
And you're going to dust every piece of furniture in the house !
We really were lucky . We got the last available table for two---and we didn't even have a reservation ! Did you see the long lines behind us ?
Let's take a look at the menu so we can order . Do you want to choose an appetizer for us to share ?
I heard that one of their specialities is the samosa .
Sounds good . What are you going to have for your main course ?
What's in a dahl ?
That sounds nice . Do you want to share some kebabs as well ?
That's my favourite . Do you want to have some wine or beer ?
Ok , shall I flag down the waitress ?
You're right . That might seem a bit rude . It's a good thing I've got you with me !
My baggage is missing !
Here they are .
How soon would you deliver my baggage ?
At the down town Hilton Hotel .
Hi Benjamin . My name is Dr . Green . What seems to be the matter ?
what are your symptoms ?
it sounds like you might be a bit dehydrated . Do you feel thirsty most of the day ?
have you been drinking plenty of water ?
ok . Well , we'll have a nurse take some blood in a few minutes to see if you're dehydrated . First , let me feel your pulse .
is anyone else sick in your home ?
I see . I'll have the lab techs run some tests to check for mono as well then . The burse will come in then to take your blood , we'll run some tests , and then you can go home . You should hear from us
I am looking for a pan .
A big one would be nice .
Oh , yes . I like that one . But it's too heavy .
Oh , yes , this is much better . But it has an aluminum handle .
Yes , that's perfect . I'll take it .
Oh , wait a minute . What about a lid for the pan ?
I don't know if you remember , but with honest every day last year we tided the knot .
How could I ever forget ? I even bought you roses because I love you .
You are more beautiful than the roses .
Yes , we are match made in heaven .
Yes , we did , we did have problems , but we shared a lot of happiness too . We countered the problems , and had a lot of happiness too .
I love you , happy anniversary .
You won ’ t believe who ’ s been elected to do overtime on the Baker account ! Me ! I ’ Ve already logged in 20 hours of overtime !
They were supposed to , but so far nobody ’ s turned up , and I ’ m left on my own to do the work . This is the first break I ’ Ve had all day .
We're having trouble with Bob .
He's been late for work twice .
Good morning .
This is Mary.Can I speak to Anne please ?
Thank you.But I will call her later .
Mom , may I play the card games for a while ?
I won't make any noise . Mom , please .
Yes , I ' Ve finished .
er ... , mom , I promise . I won't make a single noise .
Ok . I won't get into trouble .
Hi , Monica , how is everything going ?
Why ? You ’ re not satisfied anymore ?
That is important . Doing research on a company you are interested in will definitely help your application .
Good Morning Ann .
How about a cup of coffee ?
And can you tell me what meetings I have this week ?
Okay , this afternoon you have a meeting with your accountant at 5 pm .
Okay , what time is my meeting in London ?
Who is Ms Von ?
I'm going to the fair now.if any one looks for me . ask them to call the fair .
8826789 4 , extension to 208
About ten.another thing is that I want an appointment with the customer at Changing hotel at three thirty this afternoon.please help me phone the customer so we can confirm now .
You can check them from the fax yesterday .
Do you have perfume ?
I would like some light smell .
Can I smell it ?
Good morning , sir . What can I do for you ?
You have stayed for 6 day.Here is your bill .
Surely of course . But you have to be back by 5 o'clock , otherwise we will charge you 10 $ .
Are you familiar with the office management ?
Are you still interested in it ?
I would love to rent this apartment .
How much are you asking for every month ?
That is quite a lot of money for just one month .
What do you say to $ 850 a month ?
It ’ s either $ 850 or nothing at all .
Could you please go lower ?
Good coming , sir . What can I do for you ?
Certainly . Please wait a moment . Here is your bill .
This is the charge for your laundry service on Nov . 20thA
Would you mind waiting a moment while we check it with the department concerned ?
I'm very sorry , Mr . Bob . There has been a mistake . We'll correct the bill .
Good morning . What can I do for you ?
I must weigh it . Do you want to send it by ordinary or registered mail ?
In that case , you'd better have it registered .
Seven dollars and fifty cents in all .
OK . Here are your receipt and your change .
Excuse me , bags aren't permitted inside the supermarket .
Don ’ t worry . Just check in your bag before entering .
The checkroom is just behind the front door .
I cooked , so ...
Could you help me figure out why I am missing my unemployment check for this week ?
I am pretty sure that I didn ’ t send that claim form in .
Can I mail it in late ?
I think that I will mail it in right away when I get it next time , so I won ’ t be late .
Even though I was late turning in my form , will my paycheck be late ?
Hello , I would like to apply for a permit .
No , I left it in the car .
One moment while I go and get my ID .
Okay , here's my ID and the $ 27 .
Do you have a pen that I can use ?
Thanks a lot .
Oh , no . Charlie , where is my purse ?
Yes , I did . I lost it . It disappeared .
I had it when I left the house . I had it when we start to get the hotdog .
What's the deal with the Asia area sales ? Did you have a chance to look at any other reports that came in from the branch offices ?
What do the preliminary figures tell you ? Any kinds of trends going on for the branches in the Far East ?
For example ?
I am here to get my prescription filled .
Do you ever deliver prescriptions by mail ?
How should I take this medication ?
Should I avoid alcohol with this medication ?
Should I expect any side effects ?
That restaurant has six parking spaces .
May I see you around 10 o'clock tomorrow morning , please ?
Good morning , how are you doing today ?
So , I can see by your chart that you are here for your annual physical .
We are basically going to check your heart , lungs , blood sugar levels , and eyes , ears , and nose .
Yes , I will check you for asthma , and maybe we can check you for allergies later .
We will be checking for blood sugar , cholesterol , and white blood cell count .
Good morning , Ms Chan . What can I get you today ?
Shoulder chops , Ms Chan ?
Would you like to choose a chicken ?
This one is our cheapest .
Good morning , sir ! Can I help you ?
Yes , sir . We have many trains going to Beijing , fast train , through train , express train and tourist train . Which train do you prefer ?
Then you'll have two choices . Train No . 14 leaves at 6:00 p . m , and train No . 22 leaves at 8: 00 p . m .
They will arrive the next morning , at 8: 00 a . m . and 10:00 a m . respectively .
Right . Trains No . 13 and No . 14 are the best trains on the line between Beijing and Shanghai . Which seats do you prefer , cushioned seats , ordinary seats , cushioned berth , or ordinary berth ?
Jason Emory speaking .
Yeah . They were just sent over to your office . You should have them in about half an hour .
It's time for your bath , young lady .
You need a bath every day .
Because you don't want to smell bad .
That's what you think .
I can smell you .
That's my perfume .
Usually cities have greater traffic problems .
I hate the car columns on the road .
Hello again . What can I do for you today ?
Ah yes , the ones from Sapporo we were dealing with yesterday ?
Well , we were contacted by your manager and he said ...
The customer got back to us this morning and they have agreed to pay a Discrepancy Fee of 100 US dollars .
I feel like I'm craving a salad .
I have no idea .
I like those too .
I'd really like a salad with chicken .
I always make my salads with shredded cheese , croutons , and almonds .
Why don't you put it in your salad ?
Hello , I'd like to get a seat on flight PB12 to Rome .
Is there any discount for a non-direct flight ?
What if I buy around ticket ? Can you offer me some more ?
Hello , I am Mr . Johnson at room 309 . I would like to have a safe box . Do I need to pay for a safe box ?
Here you are . Can I have a larger envelope to put my valuable things in it ?
Yes , it's perfect .
Would you please bring us a menu ?
Western food .
Did you ever get a parking ticket ?
Yeah , I just got one the other day .
The ticket was for parking in the red zone .
There was nowhere to park , and I needed to run in and get something .
I parked in front of my apartment building .
But I really needed to be quick .
Excuse me . Does this bus go by Tiananmen square ?
At which stop should I get off ?
Can I still catch T107 for Xiamen ?
That's too bad . Can I take another train ?
That's great ! I will take the next train .
Shall I pay extra charge ?
Good morning , Mr . Green . Please have a seat . I received your resume last Monday and I would like to say I ’ m very impressed .
May I asked why you are interested in working for us ?
Oh , did he ?
Would you mind telling me a little bit about your present job ?
Do you think you are the right candidate for this position ?
Why do you think you ’ re the right candidate for this position ?
Well , you might be the person we ’ Ve been looking for . Do you have any questions ?
At the end of this month .
You ’ ll be supervising six brokers who manage a combined total of 310 accounts .
Two weeks of paid vacation in your first year of employment . You ’ re also eligible for medical and dental insurance . And we offer a generous retirement pension plan after 10 years of service . Do you have any other questions ?
Well , I ’ ll have to discuss your application with my colleagues , and we ’ ll get back to you early next week .
My child is often absent-minded in class .
But if he doesn't listen to the teacher carefully , he won't learn anything .
Is Tom in ?
Isn't this Li's residence ?
Hello , can I speak to Mark Wyatt , please ?
Does Mark Wyatt work there ?
W-Y-A-T-T , Mark Wyatt .
I'd appreciate it if you could help me pick out a gift for my daughter .
That's exactly what I was thinking of .
I like Macs . How much for a Mac ?
A Mac it is . I'll take one home with me .
I'll use my VISA , if that's okay .
Will she need anything besides what's in this box ?
I appreciate your help . Maybe I'll be back for more computer stuff .
What's the matter with my throat , doctor ?
Is it serious ?
What can I do for you ?
What happened ?
When did this happen ?
What was taken from you ?
Were you able to get a look at this person's face ?
Would you be able to pick him out of a line-up ?
I still have a question to ask you .
How much luggage can I take for my flight ?
But if I have more than 55 pounds , what can I do ?
How about my hand carry luggage ?
Hello . Is everything OK , there ?
What seems to be the problem ?
That's right , there's ' revocable ' and ' irrevocable ' . We usually go for the irrevocable one , it's the most popular .
I would recommend it , yes . Then you just need to complete that form .
You have always got your nose in the air , which hurts many boys ’ hearts .
I would like to order cable .
What kinds of packages do you offer ?
What else do you have ?
Do you have a package that includes all the movie channels with the basic channels also ?
I want that .
No , but is it possible for me to add channels later ?
Jack ! You've really done it this time .
I told you to get this consignment out last week.We can't very well run a light bulb conference without any light bulbs , can we ? What am I going to do with you ?
Well , I guess I could give you one more chance , but this is the last time.In themeantime , I hear that Tom who normally does night shift is taking three weeks ' vacation , Can you think of anyone who would be willing to work nights while he is gone ?
We are on the way to the Wall Street .
2 hours and we will meet beside our bus . It's over there .
Could you tell me your education background ?
Where did you go to university ?
What degree did you get ?
What was your major ?
What was you G . P . A ?
Do you plan to pursue further education ?
When do you think you will do that ?
I wish to make it clear at the outset that this matter of labels is entirely our problem .
The Federal Food and Drug Administration , or the FDA as we call it for short , imposes a whole set of regulations on the import of food products to the United States . Over the years , they have become so rigid and complicated that they are now quite a head - ache for us importers .
Ah , there's something in what you're saying . According to the present FDA regulations , the Ma Ling Labels then cannot be used if the lichee is to be offered for import into the United States .
I'd be quite willing to if I could , but we must comply with the label requirements according to our law , or we can't clear the consignment of lichee through the Customs .
Would you consider quoting us for the order with neutral cans on a C . I . F . basis for delivery in Hong Kong ? Our associated company there will have the labels printed to comply with the FDA regulations .
May I take a look at the shoes over there ?
Size 24 . Are they synthetic or leather ?
What department did you study in ?
Why do you choose the Law School ?
There is a very critical debate between the presidential candidates tonight .
Five I think . All three candidates are presenting their campaign platforms .
We have to . If nobody listened that would be like turning our backs on our own rights and obligations to the freedoms that our forefathers fought for .
Yes it is . Think about it . If nobody paid any attention to anything then what's it all for anyway ?
We are very interested in your printed pure silk scarves , so could you introduce us your prices ?
Please send us your best offer and state payment terms and time of shipment .
I'm waiting . Your early offer will be highly appreciated .
I'm sorry . I've lost my tags and receipt . How can I do about it ?
It's a suitcase . But I've forgot the exact color . Maybe it is red or something .
It's like this . It's square with a leather cover . Yes , I remember , there is a green string around the handle . That's right .
Yes , It is the right one .
Here it is .
Peter , have you seen my purse ?
That's strange . It should be on the desk .
We've changed the schedule again . I really want to meet with you , Mr . White . I just need some time to sort out my schedule .
I realize that . We don't have anytime to waste . I can put you down for 9
Can I help you find something ?
Is there one in particular that you like ?
Ah yes , that is a great refrigerator .
It's both affordable and it comes with all the appliances .
It comes with an ice maker , water dispenser , and there is a lot of room inside .
Be my guest .
Hi , is this the Bread and Cheese Deli ?
I need to place an order for a couple of sandwiches and drinks . Can you deliver ?
You look very professional in the suit .
I would like to open a checking account at this branch .
I do , at a different location , I have a savings account and a CD .
Here is my driver's license . Will that work ?
Business please . And I want the most simple one you have .
I want a suit of workmanship and suitable for formal meetings.Would you recommend some brands ?
I'm afraid that's a bit beyond my means .
Thank you for bringing me here . What shall we order ?
Really ? I ’ d rather have the chicken feet to be honest .
How about drinks ? Would you like beer or wine ?
Wine ’ s fine by me . Let ’ s order a bottle of the house red then .
Hi , I have a reservation for flight 007 to New York .
Yes , here's my ticket and my driver's license .
Yes , they are .
No .
Hi , Sarah . The results of questionnaire have come out . We need to discuss it together then write a research report .
30 % of the people are attracted by the style . Buyers always pay great attention to packing . In my opinion , these goods didn't sell well merely because of the poor packing .
Almost 30 % of the consumers can ’ t accept the price . Maybe we should lower our price a little .
Excuse me , sir . I am coming to apply for the position of accountant .
I graduated from Tianjin College of Commerce .
My major was accounting .
Sure . I took such courses as accounting principles , commercial accounting , cost accounting , industrial accounting , electronic data processing accounting , and accounting involved in foreign capital enterprises .
I'm engaged in accounting .
My work involves various routine bookkeeping and basic accounting tasks including journal entries , verifying data and reconciling discrepancies , preparing detailed reports from raw data , and checking accounting documents for completeness , mathematical accuracy and consistency .
I think so .
Of course . This balance sheet contains three major sections , that is , assets , liabilities and owner's equity . So , you see , the total current liabilities of your company are $ 3,372 , 000 , and the owner's equity is $ 5,400 , 000 . That means that the total assets , which is equal to the sum of the creditor's and the owner's equities , are $ 8,772 , 000 .
Will you tell me the situation ?
And then ?
I'm afraid you must give up the cash.Are you insured ?
Would you like anything else ?
Here you are , sir . I hope you enjoyed your dinner .
Pay me , please .
How ’ s it going ?
What can I help you with ?
What ’ s wrong with the check ?
How much did you write the check for ?
How much were you supposed to write it for ?
I can cancel it for you right now .
Excuse me , sir . I would like to buy a bag of tissue paper and shoe cream .
Last week , we had a performance review on all the staff in our department in last quarter . Stevens , can you provide more information about the performance review ?
They are popular in and out of our department . Fred is easygoing , while David is cautious in working .
Would you like a cup of coffee ?
I'm going to get one for myself . They make really good coffee here .
Excuse me . Can I get a refund of my ticket ? I have to cancel my trip because I have something emergent to deal with .
It is Train No . 249 . It will depart in four hours .
How much is the cancellation fee ?
Joe , can you squeeze me in sometime today ?
I know what you're saying , but I have to go over the books with you before I go see our tax guy .
National Trust .
Just one second , and I'll check .
Is there a bus tour ?
I'd prefer the night tour .
Hello !
Oh , hi , Donald .
Well , it rained hard all day and I had a bad cold , so I decided to stay home .
Oh , the telephone lines were damaged by the storm . They repaired them yesterday .
No , they stayed home and played cards with the children .
No . I listened to records and studied , what did you do yesterday , Donald ?
Were you at the scene during the robbery ?
Were you able to see a lot ?
What happened ?
Could you see his face ?
Was he with someone else ?
Would you be willing to come down to the station for further questioning ?
Alright , tell me what you think .
Yeah , maybe you ’ re right . How about this outfit ?
No , I don't have any plans to go to a formal dance any time soon , but I love the way it looks . I just had to try it on ! What do you think about this ? It ’ s casual , yet sophisticated .
How about this scarf , these earrings , AMD an anklet ?
That ’ s a good idea . You have a lot of good fashion sense .
Yep . Here it is . What do you think ?
The leopard print sounds fabulous . Are they a name brand ?
That ’ s even better than the real thing .
I found it at a garage sale once .
Well , because I like you ... ninety bucks .
Sixty bucks ? No-can-do , son . You'll be lucky if I go down to eighty-five .
How was your test ?
Oh , honey , you should study harder .
Oh , there is something wrong with my car .
I want to change a new car . I like Honda best , especially the red one . But it is too expensive .
Yeah . Maybe I can find my favorite car in addition to Honda .
Well , Mr . Cui , could you tell me why you are interested in working with this company ?
I see . But have you ever done any work in this field ?
Why do you plan to change your job ?
Have you applied for work with any other companies ?
If you are accepted at both places , which company will you choose ?
Miss , where do you want to go ?
No problem .
Yes , you are changed 50 cents a piece .
Hello . I'm Duty Manager today ; you wanted to speak to me ?
Yes , Sir . We can provide these loans in both local and foreign currency , Temporary Working Capital Loans , Short-term Working Capital Loans and Mid-term Working Capital Loans .
Which one interests you , Sir ?
Have you received any degrees ?
How about your academic records at college ?
That's very impressive . Which course did you like best ?
Can you tell me why you changed your major when you were a graduate student ?
Did you get any honors and awards at college ?
Do you have any other questions ?
According to our regulations , you will be on probation for the first three months .
In this period , you can only get the basic salary , 2,500 yuan per month .
The salary will be deposited into the bank on the 15th every month . Your salary will be raised every year in October , depending on your performance .
Miss , the air-conditioner in my room doesn't work .
Can I help you ?
Come this way please.We ' Ve got plenty of them and they're all on the shelf near the cashier's desk .
Turn on the TV , please .
What's wrong with the TV ? It isn't clear and the color's not right .
Can you do something about it ?
That's better , but it's still not quite right .
Where were you last night , at exactly 920 pm ?
Are you sure you can't remember ?
Were you in or out ? Can you remember that ?
Did you see anyone come into the block flats ?
Sure ?
Can I help you ?
I recommend Pioneer .
This model is very popular with ladies .
Sure , it's multi-functional . Besides playing music , it can also be used to store documents and make recordings .
No , but we have it in yellow .
Please wait a second . I'll get it for you .
Good evening , may I help you ?
I am sorry , madam . All the tables are booked now .
Did you go to school today ?
I didn't want to , so I didn't .
That's a switch .
No , I haven't . Why ?
So go then .
Well anyway , do you plan on going to school tomorrow ?
I ’ m moving out .
I won ’ t be able to stay here anymore .
I don ’ t know why there ’ s a problem .
Why can ’ t you give it back to me ?
I ’ m going to need my deposit back .
I can ’ t stay here , though .
Willy , I don't think we have much butter.Can you buy some ?
Here's the money.And get some salt .
Your mp3 looks so cool . Where did you get it ?
Really ? Do you often shop online ?
I've never tried E-shopping . Is it better than shopping at an actual store ?
Wounds good , and I don't have to queue up at the cashier .
Well , are there any other advantages ?
Are there many choices of online shopping ?
Come in , young man .
I am Smith , the personnel director . Please have a seat , son .
Actually , I haven ’ t had time to look it over . Did you bring another copy with you ?
Call me Mr . Smith .
Pardon me , but I was wondering if you could break a one .
I need the change for the stamp machine .
I'm sorry to trouble you but there is a lot of noise in next room .
It ... , I think the neighbor on the right .
I'm not sure , but I think so . I'm very exhaust but I can't sleep .
How good is your Mandarin ?
What dialect do you understand ?
Now that you have learned Kung fu for a few months , what are your general impression of it ?
You mean , kung fu may not be so powerful as it is imagined ? To some extent your idea holds water . Kung fu was originally intended for self-defense , but with time it became something more than defense skills . Now we are apt to treat it as an art .
Thanks for your compliment ! Perhaps the Chinese culture as a whole has a special inclination towards aesthetics . Do you know Jin Yong ?
All of his works have been translated into English . I recommend you to read one or two works of his . You'll get a general glimpse into Chinese kung fu culture . When you go through the pages , you are likely to feel they are not about kung fu alone , but cover all walks of life .
Yes , take philosophy , for instance . What makes a true , respectable da via , or a warrior hero ? It's not enough only to be formidable . It also involves a man's character , sense of justice , and values of life .
Could you just run through the evacuation procedure ?
Should we use the stairs ?
Have you washed any clothes yet ?
When you wash your dark clothes , can you put some of mine in ?
Just make sure you keep it on the gentle cycle .
There isn't a lot , why , do you have a large load to wash ?
Do you mind washing my clothes ?
Thank you so much .
Excuse me , I'd like to try some Chinese food .
I know nothing about Chinese food . Could you give me some suggestions ?
Is there any difference ?
How about Sichuan food ?
Oh , really . I like hot food . So what is your recommendation for me ?
Thank you .
Good morning , madam . I think I'm lost here . The place I want to go to is a hotel called the Hilton .
No , I am sorry I have no idea . I am a stranger here .
Oh , yes . My friend told me the hotel was near the Central Railway Station .
Can you show me where the Central Railway Station is on this map ?
Excuse me . Can you tell me where the Wal-Mart supermarket is ?
Is it far from here ?
Thanks a lot .
Excuse me.Does this train go to Brooklyn ?
Do you know when it leaves ?
Oh , it's ten o'clock . I'd better go now .
May , I saw a beautiful cotton down coat in the shopping mail .
Ladies and gentlemen , now we are in the National Forest Park .
The stone is a prehistoric log . It was turned to stone millions of years ago .
But it's the truth .
We don't have them here , I'm afraid . Ginkgo trees grow well only in cold weather .
They are poplar trees . They are widely used in our lives .
Maybe we'd better go now .
Gosh , it's already 10 . Stay here if you like .
Steven , what's the expense of moving house ?
It costs a lot of money . Hospital bills had already made deep in-roads into our savings . Do you think the rest of your salary will be enough to cover our daily expenses ?
We have to cut back on our shopping from now on .
We are sorry to bring you so much trouble .
Mary , could you please come in for a short while ?
Mary , I'd like you to meet Richard , Our new executive in the marketing .
Welcome to our department . I hope you'll like it here .
Sure , if you've got any problem you can ask me .
Richard , Mary is a very helpful and experienced secretary indeed , and I'm sure you will find out .
Hi , Bill.It ' s Marsha Black at MPPD Ltd.How are you ?
Not too bad at all.Do you have a minute ?
We're ready to place our Christmas order and we need a formal bid .
Right , this is not a drill . This is for all the marbles .
ASAP , in writing of course .
The usual guys , so you better use a sharp pencil .
How do I submit an expense report ?
You mean I have to attach the receipts with the expense report ?
Let ’ s call it a day .
It ’ s hard to commute a long way .
Are you ready to order ?
And for your entree ?
Do you plan on voting this Tuesday ?
I already voted .
I had to mail in an absentee ballot .
I ’ m not going to be able to vote this Tuesday .
I have to work this Tuesday .
That same morning I have some business to take care of .
Hello . Can I ask what steps I have to go through in applying for the job ?
What is the next step ?
Ah ! It hurts . Don't touch it .
The shoulder .
It's not a cut . It's a gash ! It's bigger than a cut ! Ah ! I need a doctor .
I'm bleeding too much .
Yes . My bike has one under the seat . Get it , quick !
Wrap a few loops of the bandages around my upper arm , then twist.That will work as a tourniquet.After that , you can cut more of the bandages to cover the wound .
No , forget that ! Do the tourniquet first . I'm losing too much blood .
I ’ m having a problem .
A pipe burst in my wall .
The water is causing mildew .
Can I just call someone myself to fix it ?
You won ’ t do it until tomorrow .
So , I can call someone to fix it ?
Here ! Here ! Use my card !
Not on your life ! I'm the best man , so I pay !
What's that ?
Tomorrow I'll take you to some places that I'm sure you will have interest in .
Not many but these ones . They are the Folk Antique Handicrafts and Collectibles Exhibition Halls !
Well , there're actually over 200 kinds of folk collections in this city , that's half the collections of antique objects in China . There's one exhibition hall for multiple collection , and several individual display rooms for private collections .
No hurry ! I'll tell you now . The collections include ancient cases and caskets , tea sets , abacuses , precious sea shells and conches , jars and water abacuses for study use , drama costumes , agates , ancient coins , butterflies , fans , mini musical instruments , root-carving , rare stones and rocks , model ships , model cars .
Okey , Okey . We'll start from the Folk Collection Exhibition House , a multi-folk collection exhibition hall , where the best of local antique objects are on constant display . The hall itself used to be the site of a local club in the late King Dynasty , a well preserved piece of antique architecture itself . Academic research seminars and exchanges between domestic and international experts are often organized there .
If you have interest in butterflies , you must go to the Butterfly Exhibition . Mr . Chen , owner of the private museum , has a large collection of specimen of over 1 000 species of butterflies from more than 20 countries for public display . Quite a lot of them are state-level treasures .
John , why don ’ t you go and do some gardening ? The lawn needs weeding .
Well , don ’ t just sit there , do something . Come and help me in the kitchen .
Would you like to clear the table then ?
Not , if you don ’ t want to .
Yes , I want to go out . Would you like to come ?
Would you please put that cigarette out ? I get sick on it .
Thank you so much .
What ?
Do you know what you want to eat for lunch ?
I want to get some pizza .
Tell me what you want to eat .
See , I had a burger for lunch yesterday .
How about I get pizza and you get a burger ?
Where do they sell both at ?
I'd like to purchase a pan .
Well , I cook a lot of big meals .
Yes , that's the right size , but it's so heavy .
Yes , this is very light . But the handle is also aluminum .
Great . This is exactly what I was looking for . I'll buy it .
Yes . Oh , wait a second , please . What about a lid ?
Excuse me , I am a transit passenger for flight PB965 , can you tell me where to go ?
Where is it ?
No , Dave . I haven't wrecked my jeep . I'm calling to offer you a job .
I'd like you to manage a new online auction site we're building .
Don't play hard to get . The pay is good . You'd be working with Elvin again .
My wife's birthday is today . I need some flowers .
How much do the roses cost ?
That sounds good . Last year I paid $ 30 .
Give me a dozen .
No , I'll just give her the roses and a card .
I heard you are looking for a house .
How is this going ?
I can recommend an apartment for you . A friend of mine is about to move . She doesn ’ t want to rent that house any longer .
It is on Spring Avenue .
It ’ s $ 240 a month .
It includes water , but not gas and electricity .
But it ’ s very convenient for you to walk to work .
Yes , it is .
Certainly ! But I have to contact my friend first .
This is a very spacious apartment . It's forty pings , including the parking space . That's about one thousand four hundred square feet .
You never know when two might turn into three .
Exactly , which is why a three-bedroom is better . And look , there are two bathrooms .
I want to find an old music box .
Do you have anything made in the 1920s ?
Do any of them have dancing figures ?
That's fantastic . I think I like this one .
Now , is there any warranty with this ?
I understand .
What do we need for the barbecue ?
I can ’ t wait to start cooking . I ’ Ve bought the grill and charcoal.Do you have enough plates and utensils ?
And if people drop them , they won ’ t break.We ’ ll need to buy some buns to make hot dogs and hamburgers .
I brought some cheese to make cheeseburgers and some onions for the hot dogs.We ’ ll need some tomato catchup and some barbecue sauce .
How long does it take to cook meat on the barbecue ?
They can cook them themselves to make sure exactly how they like it .
Hello , this is Michael . I'd like to speak to Mr . Wood .
I will call again in twenty minutes . Thanks .
Are you ready to order now , sir ?
Would you like an appetizer ?
Would you like some soup first ?
What kind of soup would you like ?
Have you decided on anything ?
How about stewed-fried steamed pork ?
Are you interested in today's special ?
Twice cooked spicy pork slices .
Anything else ?
During the last two years , there has been a great increase in goods stolen abroad .
If the goods are received in apparent good order and condition , the steamship company doesn ’ t have liability for pilferage . How do we protect ourselves ?
Is it true that products of high value such as watches , jewels and luxury clothing items are often subject to pilferage ?
I ’ d like to set a fixed time for this meeting before we finish today . Can you all take a look at your schedules ?
That ’ s out for me . I already have a standard meeting on Thursdays at 9:30 a . m . How about Wednesday afternoon at 2
I would like to exchange this dress .
Is there anything on sale today ?
Are dresses going to be on sale ?
That's great . I'll wait . See you next weekend .
May I help you ?
Have you brought your receipt ?
Excuse me , What time does the next bus for Boston leave ?
I see . Are there any seat available ?
Good . How much is it when we take it ?
All right . Here ‘ s forty dollars .
Thank you . Which gate should I go to for the bus ?
Thank you very much .
Telco Mobile , how can I help you ?
Certainly sir , we currently have a special promotion where we include voice mail services , call waiting and also three way calling .
Not at all . No hidden fees or surcharges , it is a flat monthly rate .
I need to copy a document immediately .
Great ! How much is it for a copy ?
That sounds reasonable . I'll be down there immediately .
I have redecorated my bedroom . I decide to repaint the walls and change the pictures . I also bought a new pair of curtains . What do you think of it ?
I bought a new mattress and some fresh bedclothes . I also bought a new dressing table and a new bedside table .
Do you think that I should get a new wardrobe ?
Yes . I have some many clothes stuffed into it . Perhaps I should get rid of some of them . There are clothes in there that I never wear anymore .
That ’ s a good idea . After I get rid of the old clothes I no longer wear , I can see what new clothes I need to buy .
I need a snack from the cafeteria .
I only want some chips .
What do you plan on buying ?
What kind of candy do you want ?
What kind of chocolate do you want ?
The cafeteria doesn't sell Kit Kats .
( At the MET station ) Hurry up ! We are running late for school .
Which line should we take if we go to Danshui ?
How much money should I insert in the slot ?
I see .
It's a priority seat . We can not sit there . We should give the seats to those eld , pregnant and disabled people .
If we go to Danshui in the morning on A weekday , we are sure to have seats since it's not during rush hour .
I want to have the overcoat made to measure .
No , I don't know which one to choose . I think maybe you can help me .
Is it all right for me to come in now . Mr . Sutcliffe ?
Do you mind if I sit down ?
I want to leave the department . Do you think I could put in for a transfer ?
Do you mind if I speak frankly ?
Well , you see . I don't like the office . I don't like the staff.and I'm afraid you and I don't get on . So may I put in for a transfer ?
Good morning . Could you tell me the times of trains to London , please ?
What time does the 7:59 train get to London ?
What about coming back ? I'd like to come back at about 7 p . m .
Mmm , how much is a return ticket ?
After this lunch , I haven ’ t got much green left .
Playing the chess is very exhausting , isn't ?
I'm afraid playing the chess like that will soon make me an old man . I noticed that most chess players were bald .
Solomon , I thought we had agreed to change this deadline .
I ’ ll have to think about that , Ms . Solomon .
Good morning , Mr.Robinson . I am afraid there is a change in today's program . I just got word that your appointment with Mr . Smith , the general manager of Western Textile Co . , Ltd . , will have to be put off .
Mr.Smith called just now that he had to fly to Shanghai on urgent business today .
Mr.Smith is sending his apologies and has asked me to find out if the day after tomorrow would be all right with you .
Then shall we make it nine o'clock the day after tomorrow morning ?
Morning . May I help you ?
Well , in that case , I think a checking account may be more convenient for you . However , there's a service charge .
One percent .
More than enough . Please fill in this form .
Have you ever shopped online ?
Do you have some experiences to share with me ? I want to have a try .
What about the registration procedure ? Is that complicated ?
May I ask whether we are allowed to wear casual clothes in the office ?
Thank you for telling me that .
What are they ? I ’ ll be careful .
I got it .
I think I may rent this apartment from you .
How much are you looking to rent it for ?
That is too expensive .
How does $ 850 a month sound to you ?
That ’ s the best that I can do .
Would you please reconsider ?
Hello , this is Mary from the Taipei new station , what can i do for you ?
Hi , Mr Wang , who do you wish to speak to ?
Davids who , we have 5 Davids in the office .
Please hold on a minute , offer your call to Mr Richton .
From the looks of this house from the outside , I don ’ t really think that I want to go inside .
I am not impressed by the interior of this house .
With so few windows , how can you even see what the problems are ?
Where are you supposed to store things without any cabinet space ?
Is there a dead animal somewhere in here ?
Dad , can you help me ?
I don't know how to do it .
16 divided by 2 . What's the answer ?
I've heard that you are going to call for a tender . What kind of goods would you like to buy ?
When do you open the tender ? And where ?
And when is the closing date ?
Could you please tell me something more about the conditions for the tender ?
Thank you for your information .
I'm sorry to have taken up too much of your time .
Okay , bye !
Welcome to Al ’ s Garage . What seems to be the problem ?
Very wise decision . When was the last time you had a tune up ?
We usually recommend that you bring your car in every five thousand kilometers .
First of all , we change the motor oil and oil filter . If you don ’ t do this , it can cause your engine to wear faster and that means you would probably have to change the pistons and intake valves .
We also check your spark plugs , fuel filter , and other oil levels such as hydraulic fluid . We also check the clutch and brakes to determine when you will need new ones .
Hi Kara , this is Mike .
Great , how are you ?
Kara , I had a great time the other night and was wondering if you would like to go out again this weekend .
Maybe I could help you with what you need to get done .
May I try on this pair of shoes ?
I think it's 35 .
Hmm , I don't feel very comfortable .
Aunt Shirley , I heard the Yuan Miao Festival is the name for the festival . Why did it get its name ?
Oh , I see . I also heard today is the last day for the street fair . Can ’ t wait to sample all the snacks .
Can you recommend some must-try ?
What ’ s that ? It gets the name from the festival itself . That ’ s really funny !
Oh , I know Tangyuan . It ’ s a sweet snack , good for dessert .
I ’ d like to try the salty ones . Where does that strange smell come from ?
Well , I guess that ’ s about it . Everything ’ s packed and ready to go .
Have fun ! I plan to spend some more time with my grandkids , and I might even go back to school .
Could I make a reservation for Flight 10 to Tokyo ?
How about the next flight-tomorrow at two o'clock ?
Betty , something is burning . Can you smell it ?
Look ! The iron is still on .
Look at my nice blue shirt , there ’ s a big hole in it .
Richard ? Do you have the number for that Chinese restaurant on the corner ?
553-2213 . Great , thanks .
I don't know how to adjust my life . Would you give me a piece of advice ?
Yes , I can't sleep well every night .
I drink a lot of wine .
I often feel so tired .
I sometimes find the shadow of death in front of me .
Welcome to our show ! Today , I am going to show you how to make the perfect mouthwatering sandwich ! Are you ready ? Let ’ s get started !
Now that our bread is ready , let ’ s talk about the ingredients ! Of course , each person ’ s palate is different , but I ’ m going to give you a few tips that you ’ ll be able to use when turning any sandwich into the perfect sandwich . I would strongly recommend you put fresh vegetables in your sandwich .
Last but not least , we have a wide variety of condiments that we can add to our perfect sandwich . We can be subtle and just add a touch of salt and pepper , or we can combine mustard sauce , mayonnaise , ketchup or even caviar to achieve a stronger flavor ! It ’ s always a good idea to cut your sandwich in triangles or manageable pieces to avoid all your ingredients falling out and staining your shirt !
Can you tell me where the supply shop is ?
Great ! Thanks a lot !
What's the postage on these letters to hongkong , please ?
Yes . Five one-dollar stamps , please .
Good morning , sir . Can I see your boarding pass , please ?
Excuse me , sir . This is your passport .
Yes . As a matter of fact , you can't board the plane without boarding pass .
I'm sorry sir . I can't let you pass .
Ugh , in about thirty minutes , sir .
Calm down , sir . You are creating a commotion .
Could be .
( Benjamin starts to run and then he seems to remember something and returns . ) Ugh , excuse me , where is the Lost and Found ?
Is there any chance to further study ?
Do you have training program or plan for employees ?
You look tired .
Really ? How come ?
You shouldn ’ t work so hard .
What do you mean ?
Excuse me . Is this where I catch the bus for the zoo ?
That doesn't sound too bad .
Maybe that's what I'll do . Thanks a lot .
My dear , it's five flights up !
Is the place well-furnished ?
What about the kitchen ?
Are the plumbing all right ?
Hello , what can I do for you today ?
I see . Well , with those symptoms maybe you ’ Ve got food poisoning . What have you eaten recently ?
Hmm . It may be those then , especially if they were raw . Well , I ’ ll give you these tablets and you should feel fine by tomorrow .
Hi Kara , it's Mike here .
I'm doing well , and you ?
Kara , would you be interested in going to dinner again this Friday ?
Well , we could just go out as friends .
Can I go to my room now ?
Pardon me . Could you help me ?
I am looking for a sweater .
Medium , I think .
It's pretty . Can I try it on ?
I can't get into my room . I mean I left my room key inside .
Oh , did they ? Well , would you give us an extra key to the room ?
By the way , what should I do with the key when I go out ?
Hi there ! My name's Terry Graham . You're new around here , huh ?
Well , if there's anything I can do for you , let me know .
How do you want your hair cut ?
Who is Peckham ?
You are a big fan of him ! He has strong legs .
Hey , wake up . It's done . How do you like it ?
But it's the same hairstyle .
Oh . I made a mistake . I thought the guy on the right was Peckham .
Sorry , but do not worry . I think I can fix it . Just cut a little more off the temple .
Tommy played truant today . His teacher called me this morning .
I've asked him , but he won't tell me . What should we do about this ? He is like you . I remember when we were at the college , you always skipped classes .
Stop , stop ... We are talking about our son's attendance for classes and his study . Maybe we could give him a little bit money to pay to go to school .
In that way , I'll be late every day . How about letting him go to school on school bus ?
I can ’ t make out anything , the words are too light . I thought they have already changed the toner cartridge this month .
Do you know how to do it ? I am not so good at machine things . I will have somebody do it as soon as possible .
Excuse me , I'm looking for your English textbooks .
Do you have any textbooks to help improve students ' reading skills ?
Excuse me . I want to pay the bill .
Here you are .
No , I'll e paying for myself , but I have private medical insurance .
Thanks a lot .
Today is Saturday , isn't it ?
What's the date today ?
I have a meeting this afternoon .
It will begin at three o'cock . What's the time now ?
I have to go now . I don't want to be late .
Good evening , Mr . Taylor . I'm so glad you were able to come .
Now dinner's ready . Let go over to the dinner table . Would you like to use the chopsticks or the fork and knife , Mr . Taylor ?
Yes , hope you like it . Do you need beer or wine ?
I'm glad you like them .. . We'd appreciate your kind consideration in the coming negotiation . Let's drink to our friendship .
Come on , darling.We haven't got much time .
Half past six ... and it's half past six already .
We haven't . Hurry up !
Good ! There's the information desk . How do we get to the 70th Street , please ?
How much is it ?
Which way do we go for the Northern Line ?
I appreciate it . Thank you .
are your ready to go to the supermarket ?
I've got my money and my keys , so I'm ready .
it wasn't cold out this morning .
well , I guess we'd better grab our umbrellas then , as well .
it does , actually . Maybe we should wait for it to clear up before we go shopping .
ok . I'll go move the car if you turn the heat on . It's a bit chilly in here .
I don't know . The weatherman didn't say anything about this in his weather report last night .
I don't think we have anything to worry about . Do you want to put on a cup of tea as well ?
if I'm not back in ten minutes , come and find me .
Front Desk . What can I do for you ?
What time do you want us to wake you up ?
OK . I've set it up for you .
Why don ’ t you introduce him ? I wonder if we will become good friends .
Here we come .
$ 10 .
Well , the rate is two dollars for the first two kilometers and twenty cents for each additional two hundred meters .
I need to make a copy of a document as soon as possible .
Very good . How much does each copy cost ?
A dime ? I remember when copies used to cost a nickel .
I can ’ t find my purse . Have you seen it ?
I ’ Ve looked everywhere for it . I must have left it somewhere . I hope I haven ’ t lost it .
No , I had it when I left school this afternoon .
Yes , I ’ d better give her a call now .
Show me a smaller pair of trousers , sir . I am not that fat , you see .
I have no idea . Measure me , please .
( After trying ) I'm afraid it's still too fight around the stomach .
( After trying ) Mm , a perfect fit . How much ?
A little expensive . But I'll buy it anyway . It's hard for me to get a perfect one . Here is 200 Yuan .
Good afternoon , Mr.Stein . I wonder if you are free tomorrow evening ?
Great ! Our president has asked me to come over to invite you to the banquet held in your honor at the Beijing Hotel at 7:00 . Here's an invitation card for you .
I'll be here to pick you up at 6:30 .
How beautiful the flower is !
You like it . Well , I'll gather it for you .
Where is it ?
Mom , can I watch TV ?
Alright , Mom . Should I turn off the TV right now ?
Mom , where is the remote ? I can't find it .
I think you should look over these figures again . There are some calculations that are a bit off .
Apology is accepted . Try to do better next time .
Good afternoon , sir . Can I help you ?
What flavor would you prefer , sir ?
We have strawberry , chocolate , vanilla and banana .
Anything else , sir ?
May I help you find something , sir ?
We have all shapes , sizes , qualities and price ranges , do you know about the four Cs of picking a diamond ?
You've got it . Tell me a little bit about what you might be wanted .
Is there anything I can help you with ?
I can do either one .
No problem .
I have been working here for 5 years .
Yes , I would love to work on a special project !
I want to buy some cloth to make a curtain . Which one is better ?
What about the cotton one ?
Wow , Amy , look at that number .
What do you mean ? It's a scrim .
I love that kind of stuff .
Sure do . I get a kick out of looking punk .
I don't care how much it costs . I'm rolling in it .
I got a replace my party outfit , I trashed it last week .
Are you on the level ? You're the one who called me , remember ?
I think I going to need some iced water too . Is there an extra charge for that ?
That's fine . Could you give me some more napkins , too ?
Yes , I would also like some sweet and sour sauce and pepper .
Do I owe you anything for the sauce , pepper and napkins ?
I love the peaceful life in Canada .
I'd like to , but I'm afraid I can't afford the life here .
Do you need any help ?
Walk along the way and then turn left , It's right there .
No , you don't have to . It's a duty-free shop .
Excuse me , Mr . , Macmillan ? Could you tell me the fax number for Mr . Winthrop ’ s office , please ?
Okay – that ’ s 232-2453 , or 232-2456 .
Good morning , Passport , please .
Ah , thank you . Please bring your luggage here for inspection .
It's just a regular inspection . Do you have anything to declare ?
Well , the cigarettes and the champagne are not in excess of the duty-free allowance . But according to our law , each passenger is allowed only one camera duty-free . You ' ll have to pay duty for the other one .
Please wait a minute . I'll make out the duty memo ... Here you are . Take this and pay to the woman over there .
Very well . I hope you ' ll enjoy your stay in America .
Good afternoon , what can I do for you ?
How much do you want to draw ?
OK ! Do you take your bank card or bankbook with you ?
OK . Please fill out this form first .
Sure . How do you want it ?
All right . Here are the traveler's checks and money .
Can I help you , sir ?
Can I have your key and room number , PLS ?
Here is your bill , sir . Could you PLS check it ?
Here you are , sir . You are all set . I hope you enjoyed your stay and that next time you are in town , you will stay with us again .
The bell captain will put it in storage room . When you are ready to leave , you can claim your luggage from him .
This is the rush hour .
Let's drive off this road .
Good morning , sir . Can I help you ?
Could I have your name and room number ?
Please wait a moment , Mr . Black . I'll have to check the reservation records ... I'm sorry , but we are expecting several tour groups to arrive today . They have booked all the rooms on the 10th floor .
If you don't mind transferring to another room , we may manage it for you . We usually have cancellations or no-shows .
I'd like to reserve a table for two , please .
Around 8: 30 p . m .
Yes , Anthony Fox .
Hello . I am calling about the apartment you advertised .
I am interested in one-bedroom . Do you have any available ?
Sometime around next week . What can you tell me about this apartment ?
Sounds good . May I come over tomorrow to take a look ?
How about 10 am ?
My name is Blanca .
I swear I will never shop at a street market in China . It's a terrible place full of excellent profiteers ! You have to keep an eye whenever it comes to paying for something .
yes . Last Sunday I went to a nearby market . It was on open-air fair . I chanced upon this bag and bought it on the spot , without even trying to strike a bargain . I paid one hundred and twenty . And just
but don't you think it annoying to overcharge the customers by such a handsome margin ?
Sam , you ’ Ve got to forgive me .
I used your computer . And I ’ m afraid I ’ Ve erased your personal files accidentally .
I ’ m afraid not . I apologize .
I told you I ’ m sorry . What can I do to make it up to you ?
Could you do something to advance your time of shipment ?
I hope you'll try to convince them to step up production .
Well , in that case , there is nothing more to be said . What's your last word as to the date then ?
All right . I'll take you at your word . May I suggest that you put down in the contract shipment on October 15th or earlier ? Our letter of credit will be opened early September .
That's very considerate of you . And now , shall we discuss the insurance terms ?
I suppose the additional premium for the special coverage is for the buyer's account .
Then what about SICC ( Strikes , Riots and Civil Commotions ) ? Can we request you to cover this for our imports ?
Then please cover W . P . A . and TEND for this transaction .
I wonder if you could allow us any discount for this commodity . It's the general practice that wholesalers usually get some discount from manufacturers or suppliers .
But we usually get a discount of 3 % to 5 % from our other suppliers . Actually , some discount on your prices would make it easier for us to promote sales , you know .
Ladies and gentlemen , dear Mr . Simpson . Following the increasing communication between Unity Company and Pineapple Computer Company , we established steady cooperation . And today we all here feel very proud and honored to have Mr . Simpson with us . Mr . Simpson is well-known for his success and his career . So first of all , let me , on the behalf of all present here , extend our warm welcome and cordial greetings to our distinguished guest . Now let's invite Mr . Simpson to give us his speech .
May I have your resume , please ?
Do you like a job in a library , working with books ?
Hi ! Can I help you ?
What's your name , sir ?
Yes , sir . We have your reservation . Could you fill out these forms , please ?
Yes , sir . That's correct . How will you pay your bill , cash or credit card ?
Thank you , sir . You'll be staying in room 1910 . Here are your keys . The bellhop will take your luggage upstairs . Have a nice stay , sir .
Which window do I go to for parcel ?
I want to mail this package .
Zhuhai .
What's the difference in price ?
How long will it take by air ?
Then I will send it by air , thank you .
Just some souvenirs .
Good coming ! Welcome to J P Interior Design .
Yes , we do . Do you have any specific needs ?
Do you prefer some specific style ?
What kind of color tones do you like ?
I see . And what kind of feeling do you want to create for your kitchen ?
Fine , we will take an actual look at your kitchen before start working on it .
Okay . Would you please leave your address and phone number ?
I hear many people here speak French .
It is not easy to improve my English .
Yeah ! But French is not easy to learn .
Oh . Henry . I haven't seen you in ages . Come in . Let me take your coat . How are you getting along ?
Please take a seat . Everything will be ready in a minute .
Wow ! You're right . Everything is absolutely delicious . Please pass the pepper .
They're soft .
No more . Thank you .
The air conditioning is not working ! We need to call a handyman before we start to fry in here !
That would be convenient . They might as well ask him to fix the electrical wiring . The circuit breakers keep going out all the time . It ’ s really annoying !
Hello , Jenny . What's the matter ?
No problem , Jenny . Are you sure five hundred is enough ?
May I help you ?
You need to wait a few minutes for the fries . They are still in the flyer .
Your total comes to $ 7 .
Thank you . Your cash back is $ 13 . Pull into a parking space . And we'll bring out your fries in two minutes .
Hi , I'd like to have a beer .
I'd like to try a local beer . What would you suggest ?
Have you ever been shopping at Whole Foods ?
They have the freshest foods there .
I used to shop there , but I find the food at Whole Foods to be a lot better .
They don't have a lot of organic foods there .
They have lots of healthier food at Whole Foods .
Whole Foods is way better than Sons , trust me .
What's wrong with you , young man ?
Do you have a fever ?
Let me examine you . Don't worry . It's nothing serious .
Yes , stay in bed and drink a lot of water . Your fever will be gone in a day or two .
Of course not . You need a good rest .
Hello . This is Bell Canada . How can I help you ?
Okay . What day would you want your home phone cancelled ?
All right . I ’ ll do it for you by then . Anything else ?
Are you ready to order now , Sir ?
Yes , here you go .
Sure , the Huanghe carp with sugar and vinegar is famous in our restaurant .
Anything else ?
How about drink ?
Okay , Rebecca . Now you ’ Ve given me a good idea of your work and academic background , but what about you as a person ? How would you describe your key strengths ?
Yes , true , but how about other personal qualities ?
What would you say is your most positive quality ?
Hello , can I help you ?
What color and what style do you like ?
Well , you can have a look at our skirts hanging there .
I have a little problem with room 507 .
I found cockroaches in my room .
I've seen at least nine different cockroaches in my room .
There are nine cockroaches in my room . I don't have time for your disbelief !
You don ’ t look so good .
Did you eat something strange ?
Maybe you have food poisoning .
Are you under a lot of stress ?
Maybe you have a touch of the flu .
Excuse me ! Do you know of any hotel nearby ?
OK , I see . Thank you !
Can I help you ?
What's wrong with them ?
The front brake ?
What kind of car is it ?
Write down your name and address , give me the key , and I will check it out .
No .
About half an hour .
So can you fix it ?
What do you mean ? I bought this computer just three years ago !
OK , I know where this is going . How much will it cost me to get a new computer ?
I have no idea what you are talking about . I just want to know if it ’ s good and if I will be able to play solitaire without the computer crashing or freezing all the time !
Have you ever shopped at Whole Foods market ?
It's very good , and it's fresh too .
I shopped there before too , but the food is better at Whole Foods .
Their range of organic foods is very limited .
Yeah , the food there is very healthy .
The food there is a great step up from Sons .
Hi , Sven , can you help me ? Could you hold the end of the tape measure , please ?
Just there by the door . I need to measure the length of this workbench . We're going to replace it . OK - 3 m 47 cm . Let's round it up to 3 m 50 .
Tell me what size you want and I'll order the wood .
Good afternoon . Is there a vacant room here ?
A single , preferably with a bath .
For four days or so .
I hope it's quiet . I hate noise .
How much does it cost per day ?
All right . I'll take the room .
OK .
No problem . Here you are .
Good morning . Can I help you ?
Just a moment , please . I'm sorry , sir . There is no ticket available on that day . But we have flights for Guangzhou the next day .
A 9:12 flight in the morning and a 14:00 flight in the afternoon .
At 13:15 .
Good afternoon , what flights do you have from London to Paris ?
The morning one , please . I want to go coach .
Why aren't you going out ?
so , what ’ s new in the kitchen ? That refrigerator is new , isn ’ t it ?
That ’ s usual nowadays . You ’ Ve added a few shelves too .
Did you buy new cupboards too ?
I see that you have bought several new pots and pans and utensils .
Didn ’ t you punch in this morning , Monica ?
That ’ s ok . I should have told you earlier . This is a company rule .
According to the company rule , we should punch in before 8 o ’ clock and punch out after 5 o ’ clock every work day .
From eleven thirty to 1 o ’ clock .
How much for the bus ride ?
How long have you been a bus driver ?
Is it fun driving the bus ?
I don't think I ever wanted to be a bus driver .
I enjoyed talking to you .
Good morning , Room Service . May I help you ?
OK , sir . We offer two types of lunch , Chinese food and western food . Which one would you prefer ?
Rice , egg , beef and vegetables .
I see . May I have your name and room number , please ?
Let me confirm your order , Mr . White in Room 204 , Chinese food . Is that right ?
Say , Jim , how about going for a few beers after dinner ?
What do you mean ? It will help us to relax .
I guess you are right . But what shall we do ? I don't feel like sitting at home .
That's a good idea . I hear Mary and Sally often go there to play singsong . Perhaps we can make a foursome with them .
Good . Let's go now .
wow , the duck looks so delicious . Should we order it , Rick ?
I see . The chef is so skillful with his knife .
incredible . By the way , what are these in the plates ?
thank you . I couldn't wait any longer to have a taste .
oh , it's terrific . I love the floor . Can you tell me how it was prepared ?
it sounds really complicated . No wonder it tastes so great .
May I see your airplane ticket , passport and health certificate please ?
Will you please put your luggage on the scale ?
Sir , your bags are 30 pounds over weight.You are allowed only 45 pounds of baggage .
The client you're meeting tomorrow likes to ask a lot of questions , so you have to be well prepared .
Driver , take me to the airport .
Driver , can you please speed up ? I m afraid I might miss the flight .
Damn it ! I think I'm going to miss the plane .
At 2:00 .
Really ? Great !
Here is the money .
Could you do something to advance your shipment ?
We expect the goods to be on the market before the end of December to catch up with the Spring Festival sales .
Why have you changed your job so frequently ?
Hello , receptionist ?
Could I possibly have a room change ? My room is right next to the street , and it's much too noisy .
Could you please try ?
Sue ? Do you want to join the softball team ? We need another player .
Come on ! It ’ ll be fun . We play every other Saturday afternoon from May until August .
May I help you ?
2.50 Yuan .
3.00 Yuan .
Here is your change , please .
Good evening , do you have a reservation ?
Let me see . Ok , this way , please .
And would you like to order now ?
Here is the menu .
Hello miss . Can I see your ticket number ?
Thank you miss ... Wang . I'm Bob Jones and I'll be handling your application .
The first step is to determine your eligibility for a U . S . visa . Let's see here ... you're applying for a special business visa . Why is that ?
I think a regular visitor's visa should suffice . With this visa , you can stay in the United States for up to 90 days .
Yes . You are free to do temporary business with this visa . If you were planning on setting up a new business in the U . S . you might need to apply for a long-term visa .
Are you leaving ?
You have a job ?
You ’ re working there this year ?
How are you able to work at the polling place ?
Sounds like fun .
They don ’ t pay a lot , do they ?
How many rooms are you looking for ?
150 a month .
Your hand is bleeding . What have you done to it ?
Hey , man , look , what's on the wall over there ?
What does it say ?
I can smoke outside of the office . But what else does it say ?
But if there is an emergency and the manager is of absence , what should we do ?
OK , OK , got it . By the way , what about the vacation policy ? Anything changed ?
Can we have 7 - day holiday on National Day ?
That's great !
Are you kidding ? I always get up late . Oh , my God . Can't believe that . That is terrible .
Excuse me , may I help you ?
Sure , Please wait a moment .
I'm phoning about the factory visit next Friday . What should I do when I arrive ?
What can I get for you today , sir ?
Would you like anything else with that ?
Our pie is brought in fresh every day . And I can tell you it's delicious .
Is this to stay or to go ?
When can I see the one-bedroom apartment ?
What time does the open house start ?
Good afternoon , is there a vacant room here ?
A single room , preferably with a bath .
For a week or so .
I hope it's quiet . I hate noise at night .
What is the rate , please ?
What services come with that ?
That sounds good . Well , do you give discount for a week or more ?
All right . I will take a room for a week .
Can I get dinner here ?
Hi , do you know what ’ s for dinner ? I ’ m starving .
Out ? What do you mean out ?
Dad and mom ?
You mean this is going to be a regular thing ?
Can I see your ticket please ?
Ok , Mr . Smith . Do you have any bags to check ?
And would you prefer a window seat or an aisle seat ?
Boarding time is ten 20am .
I was told to come to you to get a chest X-ray .
Then what should I do ?
Should I just stand naturally ?
Is this all right ?
Where will you be going ?
Is that it ?
Hey Eve , how are you ?
I ’ m ok . I ’ m so busy !
Yes . Don ’ t you ?
Which class are you working on right now ?
Are you in Mrs . Green ’ s class ?
Yes . We must have the same exam tomorrow !
Sure . This library is too quiet though .
That sounds good .
John , why don ’ t you go and do some gardening ? The lawn needs weeding .
Well , don ’ t just sit there , do something . Come and help me in the kitchen .
Would you like to clear the table then ?
Balista , I'll have a frappuccino .
You and your fancy Italian names .
I'll be fine with just my girly drink , thank you very much .
Hello , Bill ! How are things going ?
Excuse me , will you change me some money , please ?
I'd like to change these dollars into RIB . Would you please tell me the exchange rate between American dollar and RIB ?
500 dollars , please .
OK . Thank you for your help . That's very nice of you .
Can I help you ?
Yes , it is .
Sure . The local train . It stops at every station .
You take the D train on the downtown platform , and go three stops .
One dollar and twenty cents . You give me the money and I ’ ll exchange it for a token .
Oh , I am not sure I even want to look at this house !
It doesn ’ t look much better inside this place .
There are hardly any windows in here , and that makes it really gloomy .
Look at those broken tile countertops and the peeling wallpaper .
What ’ s that smell ?
Okay . This trail looks the best . It's a little steep . But I'm sure it will be alright .
... What a stink . This place stinks like rotten eggs .
Mr . Division , I am so sorry to have kept you waiting .
Oh dear , I forgot to bring it .
What price do you suggest for 300,000 sets of Article No . 2323 with London as the destination port ?
What commission terms can you offer ?
Couldn't you raise the commission to five percent ?
This is Action 5 News reporter Sarah O ’ Connell reporting live from Washington , D . C . where a protest has broken out . Thousands of angry citizens are protesting against the proposed bailout of the auto manufacturing industry ! Sir , sir , Sarah O ’ Connell , Action 5 news . Can you tell us what ’ happening ?
Sir but what exactly is making everyone so angry ?
I see . But , many supporters of the bailout argue that it could help save the jobs of millions of hardworking Americans .
Passport and disembarkation card , please .
What is your purpose of visiting ?
How long are you staying here ?
May I come in ?
This seems a pretty nice room , I should say .
What about the kitchen ?
I see . I'd like to live here for about three years .
What's happening , officer ?
What ? A fire ? Oh , my God ! What shall I do ? Please get me out of here !
I can smell smoke !
OK .
Sir , I need to go back to get my jewelry box .
Gosh ! I can see the flames !
I wonder what we should have for dinner this evening ?
Yes , I am . I really don ’ t feel much like cooking but the family must eat .
So I've noticed . You are putting on a little weight , aren ’ t you ?
Honey come on ! We are going to be late ! Honestly , you take longer getting ready than I do !
What is it ? Why are all these clothes on the bed ?
Are you joking ? What am I going to do with you ? We are going to a dinner party not the beach ! Wear the shirt with the silk tie I bought you and these corduroy pants . It ’ s chilly outside so you can wear this coat .
How much are these in all ?
Here is my member card . Can I have someone carry those bags to my car ?
Can I help you ?
The Times is a must .
Can you tell me where the produce is ?
Do you know what produce is on sale ?
Hey George , how is your chicken ?
My fish is pretty dry too .
Yes , it seems that way to me also .
My vegetables are very soggy .
I don't usually complain , but I think that we should mention this to the waiter .
Can I apply for a permit today ?
I think I forgot it in the car .
I'm going to go and get my ID from the car right now .
Here you go .
May I borrow your pen ?
Thanks for your help .
Why'd you run into me ?
You have completely damaged my car .
You don't see what happened to my bumper ?
You smashed my bumper in with your car .
Your bumper looks exactly the same .
Give me your information , in case I don't hear from you .
Did you go to school today ?
No , I didn't go , I've been sick .
That would be nice , thank you .
I will be glad to do the same for you when you're sick .
Hi , my name is Violet . Come with me , and I'll help you wash your hair .
I'll pick a shampoo that's just right for your hair type . Sit right here , and rest your neck on the side of the sink . Is the water too hot ?
Let me know if I'm using too much force .
Is there a medication you can prescribe to help me with my problem ?
What is available ?
Are there many side effects ?
Is that the only medication I need to take ?
What are the side effects of that drug ?
I wonder if you can help me . I'm looking for a room .
How much is it ?
OK . Can I see the room now ?
Have you met the new girl ?
She's one of the prettiest girls at the school .
Well , she's quite short .
I would say she's only 5 feet .
She has light brown eyes , absolutely beautiful .
Have you seen her ?
Did you need help with something ?
Do you have a problem with your account ?
What are you going to do about the money in your account ?
I ’ ll do that for you .
Would you like to withdraw any money ?
It ’ ll just take me a moment to cancel your account .
Hi , welcome to the Belt Department . Can I help you today ?
Then , perhaps a leather belt would work . Come here . Let me show you some .
Excuse me . I think I have got lost in the Art Gallery . Can you tell me the way to the exit .
Thank you very much . I have been wondering here for almost half an hour .
Excuse me , waiter . Could we change our table for that one ? My wife is quite interested in the scenery .
Taxi ! Taxi !
I ’ d like to go to the railway station please .
Is it a long run to the station ?
The streets are heavy with traffic at this time of a day , are they ?
Is it the rush hour ?
No , I ’ m not . Would you please drive slowly and carefully ?
I need to find the cereal aisle .
Where is that at ?
I think I can find that .
Actually , I do need to find the dishwashing detergent .
I thought it was over there .
Hi , Mr . James , what ’ s the rush ?
I can lend you some money .
Can I help you in anyway ?
Honey , I think you should quit smoking .
But I want you to be fit .
Check out this article . It says smoking can lead to lung cancer .
But you know that smoking does harm to health , right ?
Stop beating around the bush . Will you quit or not ?
What seems to be the problem ?
Where does it hurt the most ?
How long has it felt like this ?
Do you have a history of stomach pain ?
Well , I think that we are going to have to get you to an emergency room right away .
If we give you the job , what ’ s the most important thing you except to get ?
Just this ?
Do you want to get a promotion ?
Where would you like to be in 5 years ?
How do you plan to accomplish this ?
Good morning ! Welcome to our bank ! How may I help you ?
OK ! Come this way please . You should fill a form here first . Here you are .
If you don't mind , Mr . Smith , please go to counter number six to queue up and wait for the service .
Is everything OK , Madam ?
I can help you with that . Holiday , you say ? Lucky you ! Where are you going to be travelling to ?
That is one option , Madam . If your are travelling to either Hong Kong or Macau we are permitted to exchange up to 1,000 USD for you .
Today's rate is 823 . 71 RIB to 100 USD .
Hello , the International Hotel . May I help you ?
What time would you like your table ?
Would you like to sit in the hall or in the private room ?
Wait for a moment , please . Let me check whether the private room is available or not . No problem .
Hello . May I speak to Brian , please ?
Is this 777-9345 ?
Oh , I ’ m so sorry .
Excuse me , can you tell me the way to the Forbidden City , please ?
Thanks .
I went to visit a customer in IVS Company the other day . Their offices were very impressive , especially their company Logo which is all over the place . There are Logo models in metal , copper , clove , paper . They are even printed on the wall paper and the balls of the table-lights . It is really decorated identity .
Not at all ! I like the design so much . The designer must have thought really hard to come out with such a brilliant concept .
What would you like for dessert ?
I have apple pie , ice cream , chocolate cake and fruit cocktail .
Of course . I made apple pie this morning , so it ’ s lovely and fresh .
Sure . Can you get it yourself ? It ’ s in the refrigerator .
Yes . I ’ ll have an ice tea . You ’ ll see it next to the lemonade .
Excuse me.We ordered too much.May we take the food home ?
Do we have to pay extra charge for that ?
Well , then , will you put this and that into doggie bags ?
Thanks.Would you do me another favor ?
Some more Chinese tea for us , please .
I just moved into my apartment , and the plumbing is not working .
The bathtub barely drains at all .
Neither the kitchen nor the bathroom plumbing is working well .
It just started happening last night .
I will not be home .
I was trying to find the class on preparing for interviews .
I am so happy I found this class because I was really nervous about my upcoming interview .
Our dress and grooming are probably the first thing an interviewer judges us by .
Yes , and they help establish a friendly tone for the rest of the interview .
What else should I be thinking about ?
You ’ re working hard , George . What are you doing ?
Which hammer . This one ?
Here you are .
What are you going to do now , George ?
What colour are you going to paint it ?
Pink !
My name is Sue . How do you do , Mr . Black ?
Thank you , sir .
Thank you . I wonder whether I can enjoy the life insurance and health insurance .
Good . Anything else ?
I'm starving ! It would be truly appreciated if you bought me a burrito .
I'm starving , as I didn't eat yet today .
My stomach feels so empty .
I'll be getting money on Friday , and I'll get it back to you then .
That's not nice .
I can't go home yet , because I have things to do here .
It's your turn , sir.Sorry to keep you waiting .
How do you want your hair cut ? Any particular way ?
How about the sides ?
How can I help you ?
We have a full range of products from cosmetics to skin cleansers .
Our foundation is of very super quality . We only use the finest ingredients . It will moisturize your skin and it can protect your skin from UVA and UVB .
Let me show you . We have six colors
250 Yuan .
What you're paying for , madam , is the ingredients . it provides a soft and perfect finish coverage with a weightless feel .
Of course . But I suggest you buy a lipgloss . The shining effect is in .
45 Yuan . If you buy the two , you can get a small bottle of nail polish for free .
Why do you want to join us ?
Do you have any particular conditions that you would like the company to take into consideration ?
What salary do you get for your present position ?
What starting salary would you expect here ?
No problem , we pay 3,000 RIB per month . Plus a 20 % commission on all , a company car and other benefits . All travelling expenses will be reimbursed by the company . Do you have any other questions ?
Did I do well on my driving test ?
So , I passed ?
Did I mess up on anything ?
What was that ?
Yeah , that's pretty hard for me .
I know , but I still get my license , right ?
What's your plan for your future ?
Have you had any previous experience ?
Of course it counts . What kind of work did you do there ?
In this office , we encourage full attendance by offering a bonus . If you take any leaves , we'll deduct money from your salary .
Office hours are nine to five-thirty . One hour for lunch . Do you have any questions ?
We'll give you about 3000 to start . There'll be a trial period of three month . After six months , we'll have a job performance review and consider giving you a raise .
I'll call you in a day or two , did you write down your phone number on your resume ?
All right . Good-bye .
Would you like to order anything else ?
Our waitress has been kind of scarce tonight , hasn't she ?
She doesn't appear to be headed this way , so I will go get the check .
Our total for dinner is $ 36.00 .
I kind of don't want to leave any tip for the lousy service we received .
I believe that 10 % is just about right amount .
Are you okay , man ? You don ’ t look very well .
Nice ! So , where did you guys go ?
Oh no ! Mike ’ s birthday is a drinkfest for sure !
Is that why you missed work today ?
Www !
Too bad man , tonight is Tracy ’ s going away party and she asked if you were gonna go .
Can you tell me how to apply for a job on the Internet ?
Do I have to send one by e-mail ?
What kind of strong suit do you get ?
Do you want to be an instructor in the future ?
Lisa , I need some help here .
Well , I need to get some female stuff .
Yeah . I didn't know what they're called in English .
Hello baseball fans , and welcome back to today ’ s game ! My name is Rick Fields and of course , I am here , once again , with the man that seals the deal , Bob Copeland . '
Well , the national anthem has just been sung , and the umpire has started the game . It ’ s time to play ball !
A very nice curve ball by the pitcher . The catcher gives him the sign , he winds up and Vargas gets a line drive !
Great play !
Do you want to buy something here ?
This one is two hundred yuan .
Alan , I believe you have studied our catalogue and price list . Are you interested in some of our products ?
I'm very surprised to hear you say that . I think our price is very favorable . You can hardly get such an attractive price from other suppliers .
What's your proposal then ?
We could take a cut on the price if your order is a large one , but a 20 % reduction is really more than we can do . What quantity are you going to order from us then ?
5,000 dozen is by no means a large order . In that case , the best I can do is to give you a 5 % reduction .
What's your counter-offer then ?
15 % is impossible . That'll leave us almost no profit .
How about doing it this way ? You increase your quantity to 8,000 dozen and I'll give you a l0 % reduction .
Well , to encourage future business , I'm prepared to reduce the price by 10 % . We can't go any further .
Roger ? I need figures for accounting . Have finished the calculations ?
All right , thanks .
How ’ s it going ?
What do you need ?
Actually , you do owe some fees .
Your fees total $ 235.13 .
You need to pay these fees soon .
Will you be paying with cash or check ?
Thanks for your help .
There's a question I'm not sure whether it is suitable to ask .
When you go dinner with John , who foots the bill ?
Is Betty Sue in her office ?
I see .
Yes , please tell her I stopped by .
Ted . Oh , and could you give her this document for me ?
Good evening .
How long will you be staying ?
Let me see . Yes , you can have Room 313 . It's at the back .
20 pounds per day , including breakfast .
Very good , sir . Will you register , please ?
Sally , do you really need to go ?
But don't forget to give me a ring .
Hello , Anna . Come in and sit down .
What's the matter ?
Do you often suffer from backache ?
When did it start ?
Well , go home and rest in bed for two days , then you'll feel better .
What do you want to know about me ?
The average grade of all my courses is above 85 .
In mathematics I got a 98 .
Yes , I have , and three times in total .
I have been a class commissary in charge of studies for two years .
I was an aerobics team member in college .
I am good at sprint and table tennis .
What do you think of the most important things to do when running a business ?
So , do you think workers should be paid as little as possible ?
How can a business maximise revenues ?
What else do you suggest ?
Excuse me .
Are these drinks on sale this weekend ?
Can I buy more than one case ?
Okay , I ’ ll take four , please . You saved me a lot .
Thanks .
Hey , Mark , long time no see .
Great . I just got back from a week's vacation in Thailand .
Fantastic ! I didn't want to come back .
They are . And not only that the people are friendly , but also the food is delicious , not to mention cheap .
Not much . I've go enough city life in Beijing .
Hey , wouldn't it be great if we could go to Thailand together sometime ?
I am so excited !
I just voted .
Yes , I just had my 18th birthday this year .
Why is that ?
I didn ’ t think about it like that .
No , but that makes me even more excited .
Let's start out to discuss the question of payment terms .
I fully understand your position . An irrevocable letter of credit ensures that the seller gets paid in time . But , on the other hand it would add to the buying costs . We've been , after all , trading partners for 3 years and you know us well . Can't you give us D / A or D / P ?
But on our part , our government is reluctant to approve of L / C payment for our imports . And there is the licensing problem .
Can I get some medicine to help me ?
What types of drugs can I try ?
What about side effects from that medication ?
Do I only need to take that one drug ?
What can I expect when I take that medication ?
Look at the catalogue , John . I think I want to get this red blouse
Yah , but it doesn't have a red one .
Yes !
Are you watching another news report about the war ?
How did this war start ?
Politicians from both sides sound increasingly belligerent . Neither side wants to compromise .
What do you think will happen ?
Great . The bed is exactly what I have been looking for !
Oh , I like red wood . How much do you charge for it ?
That's sheer robbery !
It's more than I can afford . Can I make an offer ?
Shall we make it 250 dollars ?
What about 260 dollars ?
Mr . Wilson . We very regret the mistakes in goods . I am very sorry and we are responsible for the mistake .
The first problem is supposed to be solved after the investigation . About the second problem , I admit it's our fault , so we will exchange all merchandise that falls short of our sample .
What are you doing to your house ?
What are you going to do to it ?
What colour are you going to paint them ?
What else are you going to do ?
Can you give me a hand with my luggage ?
Well , this apartment is really a must-see . Will you come with me to look at it this weekend ?
Great ! Do you know someone else who is also looking for an apartment ?
Can you lend me some money ?
You ’ Ve gone through all your money so quickly ? I thought you were well-off .
You'v been work here for nearly a month , how do you feel about the job ?
I had the same feeling when I first came to work here . but after a period of time , I feel better , I am sure you ' ll get used to this busy job .
You know the phrase the survival of the fittest . We have no choices .
Do you know a bus that goes to the Gold Line station ?
My house is up in Altadena .
It'll really take me to the station ?
Do you know what street it goes on ?
I would've never known .
I appreciate you telling me .
Honey , we are all out of wine and cheese . Do you mind running to the deli and picking up a few things ?
Your friends and family are coming over tonight and we still need to get a lot of things .
OK , pick up some cured meats to go with the wine . Maybe a pound of polish sausages , ham , liverwurst , salami and any other cold cuts that are on sale . I think I saw a promotion for pastrami . Also get some cole slaw and a jar of olives .
Never mind that . Get some dips as well . Get a jar of spinach and blue cheese dip and also some Tzatziki . If they have bean dip get that as well . Last but not least , get some pickles .
Hello , who's that speaking ?
Yes , I do .
Yes , it's fully furnished .
15,000 Yuan , including water , but electricity and gas .
It's in International Trade Zone . It's only ten minutes ' walk from the nearest subway station .
The price can be talked over . How about coming around and taking a look at it first ?
Mr . Black , I ' d like to take some time off . I ' Ve been feeling exhausted these days .
Yes . I was wondering if I could take another two weeks off .
The project I'm in charged of now will be done by the end of this week . I'd like to take my leave from next Monday on .
Thank you , Mr.Black . There are no immediate projects coming up at the moment . Mr.Smith will be in charge during my absence . He is taking part in several projects as my assistant and knows how to maintain relationships with our clients .
Oh , look at those earrings , Maria . They're perfect for you .
No , the yellow ones .
Well , that necklace isn't bad .
That blue one right there . How much is it ?
We need to figure out how much money we ’ re spending and what we ’ re spending it on .
Well , I think we could be saving more .
Let ’ s see . We spent $ 700 dollars for our home loan payment , $ 400 on groceries , $ 75 on utilities , $ 250 on gasoline , $ 100 on books , and $ 300 on entertainment last month .
We put $ 500 into the savings account , and $ 750 into our stock account .
Excuse me.Have you got any books on genetic engineering ? I've looked for them everywhere , but I can't find any .
What a pity ! I should have come earlier .
This is the schedule for the project . Any comments or questions ?
Howdy ! Nice car ! What seems to be the problem ?
Not sure yet.How about you pop the hood and we can take a look . Mmmm , it doesn ’ t look good .
Well missy , the white smoke that you saw is steam from the radiator . You overheated your engine so now the pistons are busted and so is your transmission . You should have called us and we could have towed you over here when your car died .
I ’ m afraid a bit more than that . We need to order the spare parts , take apart your electrical system , fuel pump and engine and then put it back together again . You are going to have to leave it here for at least two weeks .
May I use your phone ?
Good morning . SRC international . How may I help you ?
Certainly . Who should I say is calling ?
And what is it regarding please ?
Hello . Can I speak to Anne ?
It ’ s Mike , her boyfriend .
Will you bring our bill , please ?
Thanks . Let me see . I think there's a mistake on the bill here . Would you mind checking , please ?
How about taxes service charge ?
Then 100 US dollars covers everything , doesn't it ?
This room is unfit for humans . I want another room , and I want a refund for tonight .
In a word , cockroaches !
Thank you . I'm glad that you don't believe that your guests are liars .
How are you doing today ?
What can I help you with ?
As a matter of fact , you do .
You owe $ 235.13 .
Will you be paying some of that off today ?
How will you be paying ?
Hello , Sunshine Travel Agency .
Well , let me see . We have a nice one on which we still have several unfilled places .
Yes , sir .
Five hundred dollars altogether .
Well , do you have any experience in guiding ?
What places of interest did you show them ?
After you
What's the weather like in your country ? I suppose it must be warmer than here .
We don't have much snow in winter in Beijing . In fact , we haven't had any so far this winter . The winter is rather long , but the cold is generally not severe . The temperature seldom gets as low as ten below zero Centigrade .
About freezing point , I think.But the morning's forecast said that we are going to have a very cold spell in the next few days - and the temperature will probably drop to 10 or 15 degrees below zero .
It is considerate of your wife .
Fall is the best season in Beijing . It's neither hot nor cold . The sky is clear and blue . There's hardly any wind , only a slight breeze which is hardly noticeable . And we have plenty of sunshine too .
do you like music ?
do you think this music is warm matched ?
how about the lyrics ?
it bring me back to some of my childhood memories .
of course.it is really fantastic too , and it makes me eager to dance .
this song is really worthy listening to and enjoying .
Now please tell me something about your achievements in your work unit .
Have you received any other honors ?
Do you have anything published ?
hello , do you remember me ? I bought some vases from you yesterday .
that's right . I thought I'd come back to buy some more souvenirs .
well , first , I'd like to buy a few postcards . My sister used to always send a postcard to herself whenever she went anywhere . I want to do that , too .
posters are difficult to travel with . I think I'll just buy the postcards . I heard that you might also have some of the masks that are made in Venice .
how much do they cost ?
yes , I think I'd like the green mask in the middle .
I'll take it , I'd also like to buy some chocolate .
yes , it's my girlfriend's birthday today and she loves chocolate .
Hello , could I speak to Allison , please ?
When do you expect him back ?
Well , may I leave a message ?
Would you please ask him to call Chris when he gets back ?
I'm afraid he doesn't . My mobile is 139- 2477 - 4026 .
Hello , Miss , what can I do for you this afternoon ?
Yes , it is , busy today . We usually have a lot more clients on the weekend . Would you like to take a sit , and wait for a while , please ?
It should be around that , if you like , please for a free to read the magazine while you are wait .
Sorry to keep you waiting , Miss . I'll have a dresser Mr.Li is just finish with a client in a moment or two . Would you have a shampoo first ? I'll get it on for you .
Come on , Let's go for lunch , Gregory .
Don't worry about it.It ' s on me .
I agreed , Hi , guess what ? I went bungee jumping last weekend .
Definitely . you know , I'm into serious sport in a big way .
come off it , It's not that serious . You should DIY ( do it yourself ) sometime .
No , really , I think you'd like it . I adapted to it right off the bat .
I can teach you how .
Hello there ! Come on in ! Don ’ t just stand there ! Come and take a seat !
Oh my gosh ! Your hair is amazing ! So silky , so shiny ! I am going to work my magic on your hair ! You hear me ? You are going to look like a million bucks !
Don ’ t you worry , I ’ ll take care of everything ! ( starts cutting ) Oh my god ! I just love your curly hair ! It ’ s so fluffy and cute ! You should totally let it grow out . An afro would look great on you !
Let's have lunch together today .
I want a Hamburger and ice cream . What about you ?
What about cheese cake or apple pie ?
How often are stockholders meetings held ?
What percentage of the stockholders actually attend the meetings ? I'm guessing not a large percentage ...
So , how much say do the stockholders really have ?
May I take your order now ?
Do you want some salad dressing ?
We have Italian , French , thousand island and blue cheese .
Where is it ?
Get in , please .
Don't worry , you'll be there plenty of time . That is it . 7.15 $ , please .
Mr . Jones , shall we now discuss the packaging ?
Good . A wrapping that catches the eye will certainly help push the sales . With competition from similar garments producers , the merchandise must not only be good value but also look attractive .
What about the outer packing ?
Cartons ?
Could you use wooden cases instead ?
I'm afraid the cardboard boxes are not strong enough for such a heavy load .
Maybe you are right , but the goods are to be transhipped at Hamburg or London . If the boxes are moved about on an open wharf , the dampness or rain may get into them . This would make the blouses spotted or ruined .
Well , I don't want to take any chances . Besides , cartons are easy to cut open , and this increases the risk of pilferage .
Maybe so , but I'm afraid that in case of damage or pilferage , the insurance company will refuse compensation on the ground of improper packing , or packing unsuitable for sea voyage .
If you could guarantee compensation in case the insurance com - any refuses to honor a claim for faulty packing , we would be quite willing to accept cartons .
I can understand your position . Perhaps I'm asking too much .
Well , I'll call you immediately for instructions on the matter .
Oh , my god . What happened ? Are we dying ?
Well , thank you . Mr.Parry , for all your information . Just one more question .
Do you play any sports or games ?
And what athletics did you play ? Can you remember ?
And now ?
Well , thank you again for coming to see us . But just remember that we like people who join the company to play in the company sports teams .
Oh , dear ! which dress should I choose ? I can't make up my mind . Please help me .
Which dress do you like best ?
Only all right ?
Mike , that's no help to me at all . I can't wear both of them at the same time . I want a decision .
I'm looking for some fresh produce that's on sale .
Mangoes . What are they ?
Can you eat the nut ?
How much are they ?
What does a mango taste like ?
How do I know if it's ripe ?
Where do they come from ?
Can I help you ?
Well , we have all kinds of sports shoes.Could you tell me what kind of sport you usually do ?
OK , then you can buy a pair of jogging shoes.Here are jogging shoes.Which pair do you like best ?
Here you are.You can try them on .
Good morning . Mrs.Smith .
Well , what kind of books does she like ?
I see . Has she read any detective stories ?
Do you know if she's read this one ?
Ah ! She has a bad memory . How old is she ?
I suggest you take this book . It's very exciting .
Good morning golf aficionados ! My name is Rick Fields , and you guessed it , I am here with my main man , Bob Copeland .
Whoa , that ’ s a lot of cash ! Let ’ s go to the course and see how Tiger Woods is doing .
Tiger Woods is about to tee off , and let ’ s see if he has the same luck as Jack . Tiger is asking his caddie for his driver and , he seems to be very nervous .
It seems that his ball has flown somewhere deep in the trees . He is having a hard time finding it and even his caddie has climbed a tree to try and spot it .
Excuse me , Mr . White ? I just need you to sign these before I leave .
That ’ s my job , sir . Just one more signature here , please .
Excuse me , but can you tell me the way to the railway station ?
About how long will it take me to get there ?
I see . Is there a bus I can take ?
Thank you so much for your help .
Welcome to the Consultancy Department , I'm Greg Wu . What can I assist you with today ?
How so ?
We are able to do credit investigations globally . You have no need to worry .
10 years ago , maybe yes . But nowadays we are a global village , it's easy to deal with any foreign country .
I'll look forward to it and make sure all of the paperwork is ready and waiting .
Welcome to McDonald's . Can I take your order ?
Would you like something to drink ?
Will that be it ?
Oh , no . Charlie , where is my purse ?
Yes , I did . I lost it . It disappeared .
I had it when I left the house . I had it when we start to get the hotdog .
You're in great shape , Keith . Do you work out at a gym ?
So , how often do you work out ?
Say , I like racquetball , too .
Uh ... how well do you play ?
Well , all right . But I'm not very good .
Why do you choose our company to apply for a job ?
Have you got a clear idea about our company ?
Have you tried other companies ?
Will you take a job which is not in line with your major ?
How long would you work here if you were admitted ?
Do you expect a high salary ?
Hello ? Can you give me a tow ? My tour car's stranded .
I'm on highway 1-75 going near exit 46 .
It's a blue Nissan minivan .
The closest garage . What's the charge ?
How long will it take ?
What are you going to eat with your sandwich ?
What kind do you like ?
What kind of apples do you like ?
I don't like green apples .
Green apples are too sour for me .
Yeah , I love red apples .
hi , my name's Abby . What's your name ?
I'm a freelance English teacher . How about you ?
what kind of job are you looking for ?
have you ever thought about becoming a freelance IT consultant ?
not if you are good at net-working . Do you like to meet new people ?
do you have experience in the IT field ?
do you speak Spanish ?
that's OK . Have you sent your CV out to anyone yet ?
did you write a clear objective in your resume ?
I think you need to update your CV . Bring it over to my office tomorrow and I'll help you with it .
I work so hard that I do not have the energy to exercise .
But I work hard all the time for long hours . Often I have no time for lunch . Yet , I am still getting fatter .
I know you're right , but what can I do ?
But I'll miss the news . It's important in my business to keep up with events in China .
I just called Mr . Smith in Room 201 , but there was no reply . Would you find out if he's still staying there ?
Oh , he did ? May I have his forwarding address , please ?
Can I give you a lift home , Mrs Word ?
Could you hold my umbrella when I get my keys out , please ?
Dreadful . There , the door is open now .
Hey , Ann . You don't have a pen , do you ?
Thanks . I don't suppose you have some paper , too .
How are you doing ? Pretty good , I imagine ?
OK , let me hear it . I'd be glad to help if I can .
Well , I trust that your presence will hasten the settlement of payment terms .
But for an enterprise of your size , an order from us will certainly not embarrass you financially .
In what way can we solve the problem ?
Yes . But the sum is large , it must be provided by a group of banks .
Hello , is Mr Over there
I want 6420422 3 , is that right ?
oh , I'm sorry to bother you .
What can I do for you ?
What do you need me for ?
What are you being charged with ?
I ’ m willing to provide my services .
I work for $ 150 an hour .
That ’ s what I charge .
Hello , miss . Can you bring me something to drink ?
Thank you for reminding me . Well , please give me a glass of brandy and I will pay for it .
Good morning madam . What can I get you ?
Certainly madam , what kind of coffee would you like ?
Well we have espresso , cappuccino , latte , skinny latte or Americano .
Mr Ludlow , hello . It's good to see you again . What can we do for you today ?
No problem . Could I please see the bill and all of the other documents ?
There's no problem here , everything's in order . I can transact that for you now .
Peter , take off your pajamas .
It's chilly outside , so don't forget to put on your jacket .
Hello , this is my passport .
Those are something gifts I bought for my friends .
Would you like to have some icecream ? I've got a variety of flavors for you to choose from . I've got strawberry , peach , chocolate , coffee , vanilla and praline .
Come on , just a bite . It doesn't really hurt to have just a bite .
Gee ! You are really strong-willed .
Hello , Sir . What can I do for you today ?
We've just started a new business at this bank , Bank-Insurance Link .
Certainly . It could really benefit someone like you . Besides insurance for you , you can also get more or less dividends from the insurance company .
There are two different types that we are offering at the moment , Dividend Deposit and Dividend Participated Deposit .
I'm going to the pub tonight .
Excuse me , does this bus go to the new bookstore ?
Thank you . How much is the fare to that stop ?
How many stops are there ?
Could you please tell me when we get there ?
By the way , do I need a transfer again after No . 50 ?
Well , to come straight to the point , could you tell us something about your new price ?
That's a high price .
I know . But I must say it's still unacceptable . Couldn't you make a discount for me ? You see , we have such a long-term cooperation . And our business could be mutually beneficial .
Can I get you something to drink ?
So how about an aperitif ?
Stirred or shaken ?
Here you are .
Sure . All of our mixed drinks are excellent . You can also try a delicious non-alcoholic cocktail .
Try a Stinger . It has lime juice and grenadine over ice .
Here we go .
Enjoy yourself .
I am really thirsty .
Let's do that .
A soda sounds good .
Why is that ?
What should I drink then ?
That sounds good .
Finally we're on board !
Are they window seats or aisle seats ?
Ok . But can I trade my seat with you ? I prefer the one near the window . I'm a terrible flyer . I always get airsick and can never relax until after I've landed .
Thanks . Where shall we put our luggage ?
Good idea .
Ok . Hope it's a pleasant trip .
And no hijackers .
Here are the plans for the new finished goods warehouse . Do you have any thoughts or comments ?
Let me check . It's 3.80 m .
Hello , this is Steven . Is that Mrs.Wang ? I'm just calling to follow up about the status of the personnel manager position .
I ’ m very proud to be employed by your firm .
Anytime .
Thank you for hiring me . See you then . Bye .
May I help you ?
Yes . What colors do you like ?
How about this one ?
Of course . This product moisturizes at the same time .
Good morning , sir . Are you Mr . Wang , the personnel manager ?
No , you don ’ t . My name is Liu Lili . I got the information from the TV that your department wants to hire a clerk , who will work under you . I would like to apply for the job .
OK . I ’ m 24 this year . I earned my college diploma from the Night College of Foreign Languages Institute in 2010 . My major is English . Recently I ’ Ve also earned my degree in Secretarial Technology .
Of course . I ’ Ve been working as an office clerk in the Textile Company since my graduation . I do a lot of things , such as typing , handling the daily correspondence , arranging meetings and so on .
To be frank , not very much , because I can ’ t use much what I ’ Ve learned in my work . I enjoy doing more challenging work .
Of course . First of all , she must have a strong sense of responsibility .
She must be an honest person .
She must also be diligent and do a lot of things on her own initiative .
Would you like something to drink ?
Here you are .
I need a room for a few days .
John Sandals . That's S A N D A L S .
I'll be there in April Friday through Monday , the 14th through the 17th .
Possibly . What's the actual price ?
$ 308 ! That's not bad .
Nonsmoking , definitely !
Yes , that'll be just fine .
It's 626-555-1739 .
Hilton Hotel . Can I help you ?
Fine . Beginning when ?
That's the twenty-fourth of June ?
Your name , please ?
Single or double ?
Do you have any questions before you commit yourself to this ?
The subscription fee is charged at a rate of 1.2 % . But for redeeming , a rate of a usual 0.5 % , we shall charge you 1.6 % if you apply to buy it after the fund-raising period .
Good morning , Family . We'll have our board meeting this afternoon . Can you write the agenda on the notice board ?
We'll talk about the financial report for the first half of the year .
We'll also discuss the personnel plan for the second half of the year .
Yes . Please write them down on the notice board . I want everybody to see them .
I ’ m ready to settle the bill .
Definitely ! Very relaxing .
What ? I only stayed three nights .
But your brochure said that this was a package deal and the hotel ’ s services were all-inclusive .
But why are you overcharging me almost a thousand dollars ? 250 dollars a night , times three nights should just be $ 750 .
Perhaps I could talk to your manager ?
So , where can I start my work ?
And I represent ?
Ok , thank you .
Hello , Mr . Gao . We appreciate your letting us have the apartment .
The ad said rent was thirty thousand . That includes utilities and phone , I assume .
That's another one thousand six hundred ?
Seat 30B is right here , sir . You may take your seat . I'll put your bag in the above compartment .
Yes , sir . I'll bring you a menu shortly after we take off .
Here you are .
It is a six-hour flight with an-hour layover in Los Angles .
Welcome to Lincoln Bank . What can we do for you ?
Well , there certainly are many benefits that go along with our credit card .
You know it is not necessary to pay the balance in full every month .
Yes , you will see on your monthly bill and statement the amount in full but also the minimum payment .
Yes . As long as you keep making regular monthly payments , paying the minimum is just fine . Of course , your credit limit will be lowered accordingly .
For example , if your credit limit is 5,000 RIB and you owe 1,000 RIB , your available credit will be 4,000 RIB . So , your credit limit drops .
May I help you ?
What size do you wear ? These shoes are on sale .
Of course , yes . They look nice . And they're not expensive .
They are $ 168 .
Where is the produce ?
Is there any produce on sale ?
That'll be eight dollars , please .
Hi , Mr . Smith . I ’ m Dr . Hawkins . Why are you here today ?
Yes , well you haven ’ t had one for ... five years . You should have one every year .
Well , the best way to avoid serious illnesses is to find out about them early . So , try to come at least once a year for your own good .
Let me see here . Your eyes and ears look fine . Take a deep breath , please . Do you smoke , Mr . Smith ?
Smoking is the leading cause of lung cancer and heart disease , you know . You really should quit .
Well , we have classes and some medications that might help . I ’ ll give you more information before you leave .
Hey , Trev ! How did the shopping go ?
Trev , are you OK ?
Aren't you lucky . The vintage-clock guy is driving a hard bargain . So I have nothing .
Hey , Ann . Wake up . It's time to get out of bed .
Yes , or you'll be late .
It went off 30 minutes ago .
Rise and shine .
Good morning ! May I help you ?
Do you have an appointment with Mr . Smith ?
Wait a moment , please . I'll tell his secretary that you are here .
I'm sorry . He is holding a meeting until ten o'clock .
Is there a problem , officer ?
Did I really ?
I had no idea that I ran it .
Yes , madam .
I really have no excuse , madam .
I understand , and I am very sorry .
I like this apartment . Do you think we can afford the mortgage ?
I love the balcony . We can sit outside and enjoy the sun in summer . We are on the 12th floor , so there ’ s very nice view from the balcony .
Yes , and there are many houses nearby . I like it that the neighbourhood isn ’ t full of apartment blocks .
Yes , it would . Don ’ t worry . There ’ s a lawn outside the building and there ’ s the park nearby . This place will be fine .
Would you like to mail it by air or sea ?
About 10 days . You can send it express mail if you need it faster . It will only take three or four days .
OK , the postage is 275 yuan .
This is the receipt , please keep it . Have a good day .
Where did you get all these barney tour pamphlets ?
That ’ s why it ’ s become a very popular holiday destination these years . Someone told me the service there is very good too . Are you planning to spend the holiday there ?
How many days is the tour ?
I wonder if you could help me , I'm looking for a room .
What sort of price are you asking ?
Would it be convenient to see the room ?
Good morning ! What's wrong with you ?
How long have you been like this ?
Do you have a fever ?
What is your strongest trait ?
How would your friends or colleagues describe you ?
What personality traits do you admire ?
What leadership qualities did you develop as an administrative personnel ?
How do you normally handle criticism ?
What do you find frustrating in a work situation ?
How do you handle your conflict with your colleagues in your work ?
To secure employment hopefully with your company .
Can you give me a hand with some things in the kitchen ? I don ’ t think I can finish everything in time .
First of all , I need you to do the drying up . I ’ m almost finished the washing up . I ’ m going to clean the cooker when I finish .
We ’ ll have this finished in no time with two if us working on it .
Actually , it was just some leftovers from yesterday . I made far too much food to eat alone . I am glad you could come over to help me finish it .
Yes . Look in that drawer . I should throw the old one out .
May I take your order ?
I'm afraid this course is for four persons .
I'm afraid not , sir .
I would recommend a soup with two or three small dishes .
Would you like rice with your meal ?
Is the table free ?
I don't think so . Is that table all right ?
I'd like to pay my bill now .
Tom Wilson in Room 306 .
No .
Can I pay by credit card ?
May I speak to Marry Lin please ?
When will she be back ?
Mom , did you see Andy's dog ?
Mom , please . Can I have a pet dog like Andy's ?
Mom , we can keep it on the balcony , right ?
We ’ re going to need a lot of new stuff after the holidays . Let ’ s make a list .
Well , to begin with , we ’ re going to have to get a new desk for you and I ’ d like to replace that old typewriter .
I'm looking forward to our son's graduation this weekend .
Well , dear , we can't force him to go to college . It's up to him .
Fill it up , PLS .
Premium , PLS . Could you check my tyres , too ? I think they need air .
I don't think so . It's brand-new .
Yes , PLS . I also need you to check the oil and the radiator .
Pls fill it up with water then .
Do you take credit card ?
30 dollars and 10 cents ? Here you go .
Do you want to try the new coffee here ?
Hello , sir . Have you reserved already ?
Yes , how long will you intend to stay ?
Yes , we give 5 % discount for a week and 12 % for 2 weeks .
I'm afraid I forgot to lock the door .
Sorry , Mum , I'll lock it right away .
Hello , what can I do for you ?
OK ! What kind of account do you want to open ?
I will open it for you right now .
It's 10 yuan . How much money do you want to deposit ?
Please write down your name , address and the amount of your deposit here . And please choose a passcode of six numbers and confirm it .
Thank you . Please confirm your information and sign your name in the blank .
That's all . Here's your bank card , and here's the certificate of deposit . Bring your bank card with you every time you come to deposit or withdraw money .
Good morning.Wilson Association .
I'm sorry , but Mr.Thomas left the office a few minutes ago .
I'm afraid not.He ' s gone for the rest of the day .
I don't believe so.He ' s going out of town on business.May I take a message ?
Would you care to make another appointment ?
I see . I can tell Mr.Thomas that you phoned .
Hello , may I speak to Alice please ?
I've been trying to call you all day .
It's okay .
Oh , I just wanted to see if you wanted to hang out tomorrow .
Maybe we can go see a movie or something .
I'll see you tomorrow then .
Sir , may I please see your license and registration ? Do you know how fast you were going ?
You ’ re not sure ? You were going at 90 miles per hour ! That ’ s 25 mph over the legal speed limit ! Have you been drinking ?
Then how can you explain your behavior ?
Not paying attention to the speedometer ? Why not ?
On a cell phone ?
By the way , can you tell me where I can find a restaurant not ?
How can I get there ?
Susan ! Why didn ’ t you tell me that you were taking over the Silk Company account ?
You know I wasn ’ t at the meeting . I was meeting with Mr . Wei about this account . I ’ Ve been on this for a month and a half .
I want to take part in the bus tour . When does the bus leave ?
That's fine . I don't have much time to waste .
How long does the tour last ?
Good morning . My name is John Smith . I'm an import manager .
Nice to meet You , Ms . Thou . We've learned that you specialize in the export of electronic products .
Yes . I had a look just now . I found some of the exhibits of excellent quality and beautiful design . I feel we
So , Ms . Thou , we're a newly-established company , but we have wide connections with wholesalers and retailers all over America .
Could we have the honor of you presence of the meeting ?
Would you prefer some other time ?
Are you quite sure you can come next Tuesday ?
What time am I supposed to pick you up ?
Hello , is that 2896919 16 ?
Can you book me a room with a bath for August 28 ?
I wish it was a nicer day today .
It wouldn't rain in the middle of the summer .
It would be weird if it started raining in ninety degree weather .
That's right , it really would be .
I know what you mean , I can't wait until it's winter .
I would rather deal with the winter than the summer .
I wish it was a nicer day today .
It wouldn't rain in the middle of the summer .
It would be weird if it started raining in ninety degree weather .
That's right , it really would be .
I know what you mean , I can't wait until it's winter .
I would rather deal with the winter than the summer .
I hate carrying so much cash with me .
I have one but it can only be used in my country .
Hello , Could you please connect me to Mr . Cook's office ? It is on Line Three .
Oh . Then I don't know what his number is . Can you check it for me ?
OK . Thank you .
Thank you . You helped me a lot .
Anything else , sir ?
That'll be fifty-five dollars and twenty cents .
Oh , no , sir . We already gave you a discount on each item .
I have to find a living room set .
I don't know .
Where did you go to find yours ?
Does the furniture from IKEA cost a lot ?
How good of quality is the furniture ?
I don't mind paying for quality workmanship .
I need to order new business cards .
I think 2,000 would be enough .
I don't want to make any changes to my old card .
... Okay , that's it . Here's the form , and here's my old card to use as a model .
I need it sooner . Let me have it in three days , okay ?
Can I help you ?
May I have your name please ?
Alright ... And did you have some specific questions about your application ?
Oh , that's no problem . Just give me a moment , and I can check.Judy Liao . Let's see ... Yes , here it is . Judy Liao . We have received your resume .
Is there anything else I can help you with ?
No , that is all we need . If we have those things included , that is sufficient .
I'm not really sure about that . But I know we are still receiving resumes.Maybe after a week or two they will start calling applicants .
If you have any further questions , you can call any time .
I have applied for a transfer .
Yes . I think it's time to move on . I ’ Ve already been here too long .
Well , I want to be transferred to the Shanghai office .
Hello , do you have any vacancies ?
What kind of apartment is it ?
Would you give me some fruits ? How much are these oranges ?
How about this one ?
Well , I'll take five of the seventy cent ones , and those grapefruits sweet ?
I follow you and I'll take three just for my trial .
Good morning , can I have your ticket , please ?
Thank you . Would you like a window or an aisle seat ?
I'm looking for some fresh produce that's on sale .
Mangoes . What are they ?
Can you eat the nut ?
How much are they ?
What does a mango taste like ?
How do I know if it's ripe ?
Where do they come from ?
I'm going to let Bob know about the merger .
Why ?
Laura told me today that she has a friend with a car for sale .
Yes , it's used , but she said it was in very good shape.It ' s a small foreign car .
She thinks it has about twenty-five or thirty thousand miles .
Three thousand dollars .
He lives in the city and you know how expensive it is to keep a car in the city .
Do you know a bus I can take from Altadena to downtown LA ?
Will that bus really take me to LA ?
Is it a very long ride ?
Really ?
Do a lot of people ride that bus ?
Wow , thanks a lot .
How is your English ability ?
English and computer skills are comparatively important to this position , especially in the starting period . What ’ s your ability in these two fields ?
What else do you have to prove your English ability ?
How do you deal with those who you think are difficult to work with ?
Can I help you ?
What size are you ?
Who's the man that is kicking the boy ?
Does he often beat his son ?
May I ask what the core value of the company is ?
Are they different from other companies ?
Hello , madam , I am sorry for keeping you waiting so long . Now please follow me and I will show you your table .
Yes , just as you have ordered .
How much shall I pay ?
Here is 40 dollars.Keep the change , please .
Now , Mr.William , a little personal information first , are you married ?
What's your major ?
How long have you been study in German ?
And just one more question , would you like to be an interpreter ?
Very good , you can come here to work next month .
Honey , where did you buy this skirt ?
I have read your resume.What is your last job ?
Could you introduce your biggest accomplishments in your last job ?
Great ! Could you tell me your educational background ?
Why are you willing to work for our company ?
OK , that's all . We'll inform you in two days .
But how did you know I was working for WebTracker ?
He couldn't have told you . Only a few people at WebTracker know about me .
I can't believe it . I can't believe I fell into your trap .
There are something wrong with my computer .
The computer doesn't work when I push the power cotton .
Yes , I don't know why it doesn't work this time .
Yeah !
OK , I'll expected you around 2 o'clock ?
Hello , sir , what can I do for you today ?
No problem ! We have a broad selection of suits , all tailored made so that it will fit perfectly .
Very well sir . Would you like to have some shirts made also ?
Tommy played truant today . His teacher called me this morning .
I've asked him , but he won't tell me . What should we do about this ? He is like you . I remember when we were at the college , you always skipped classes .
Stop , stop ... We are talking about our son's attendance for classes and his study . Maybe we could give him a little bit money to pay to go to school .
In that way , I'll be late every day . How about letting him go to school on school bus ?
Okay , so let ’ s go over everything one more time . I really want you to get this job !
So , let ’ s see , you did your research on the company , right ?
So what would your role in the company ?
Sounds good , and so , why do you want to work with them ?
Susan , good evening.Why are you so dressed up ?
You look great.Your make-up is perfect .
No , the one you have on looks fabulous , especially with your hair like that .
With that dress I'd like to say your white diamond necklace would look perfect .
Not much , Just a house party with some friends .
Yeah , most of the people are from my office .
Hi , is this the Resume Writing Workshop ?
I really don ’ t know that much about putting together a resume .
What ’ s the most important part ?
What comes next ?
Can I list my interests next ?
Confronted with difficult questions in an interview , the job-hunters mostly will be at a loss about what to do .
Still , there are some rules to follow .
Don't get nervous and freaked out .
There should be neither too much silence nor hasty answers
Don't be discouraged even when confronted with negative questions
Anyway , what really matters is that you have tried your best .
Mom , is there anything in the fridge I can eat before dinner ?
Anything else ?
Do I have any other choices ?
Is everything in the fridge leftovers ? I hate leftovers !
Nice to see you ; how have you been feeling lately ?
I am happy that you have decided to come in for your annual physical .
We are going to look at your heart and lungs , do a few blood tests , and see that your eyes , ears , and nose are all working as they should .
I can do a chest X-ray to check for congestion .
The blood test is for cholesterol , white blood cell count , and blood sugar .
Excuse me . I need to refill this prescription .
Yes , I need to refill it today .
I was worried about that . I couldn't remember if I had it refilled twice yet or not .
Listen . This is an emergency . I tried to call my doctor , but he is out of town . So I can't see him in time . I need this medicine . It is for skin condition . I've run out.Can you just refill it once more ?
But I need it . Please . Refill it for me just this once . I can go to the doctor around ten days from now . Then I'll have another prescription .
But I have a prescription . I just need more of it .
Oh , it will be so expensive ! I have a special medical plan , and I can only see one doctor.It will cost me a lot of money to see another doctor .
This is ridiculous ! In Taiwan , it is much easier to get medicine when I need it .
Hi , Tom ! This is Marry with Hans furniture store .
I just wanted to let you to know that we had decided to offer the sales position to someone else .
We considered you very carefully but the other candidate has more experience .
I'm sure you are .
I want to get on the bus already .
It was supposed to be here thirty minutes ago .
I need to get to work , so it better .
I agree , it's just never on time .
I also hate having to stand at a bus stop in all kinds of weather .
We need to get a car .
Where is my back pack ?
I just put it on the chair a while ago , but now it's gone .
Of course , I am sure . I bet someone stole it .
What would you like today ?
Do you want cheese on it ?
Can I get you something to drink ?
What kind do you want ?
Would you like anything else ?
Is that all ?
Mary !
What're you doing here ? You live in London , don't you ?
May I help you ?
You mean this one ?
It's pretty , isn't it ? It's made of pure silk and it's on sale .
How long is the warranty ?
How about the repairs after the warranty expire ? Are you responsible for the fixing if the machine breaks down after the warranty period ?
Will you supply spare parts if we want them ?
What can I do for you , sir ?
OK , may I take your size ?
Could you show me how to operate this fax machine ? I am going to receive some urgent fax from a company .
That's right .
I couldn't agree more .
What can I do next ?
Look . Some of the faxes come through blurred . What is wrong with it ?
Welcome to Flash Foot . What can I do for you , ma'am ?
What size prints would you like ?
Mom , am I like a superman ? All I need is a cape .
Mom , you always think of me as a child .
Sure !
Superman is not afraid of any danger .
What ?
Don't play on the street or make any noise .
Read Jimmy's card to me please , Janey .
Eh ?
The what ?
What else does he say ?
What ? Speak up , Janey . I'm afraid I can't hear you .
Is that all ? He doesn't say very much , does he ?
What's the best way downtown ?
Depends ? Depends on what ?
Is that expensive ?
I am in no particular hurry .
Hello , police office ?
Yes , I'd like to report a case . Somebody broke into my house .
It happened in the morning . I just came home from work and found the lock broken .
I don't know . I called the police as soon as I found the lock broken .
Please be quick .
My name is Benjamin , and I live in Broad-Gate Street 2101 .
Excuse me . This chicken doesn't taste right to me .
How should I know ? It's just kind of cold in the middle . It just doesn't taste right . Do you want to try it ?
Another one ? I don't want another one . Give me something simple . You've got steak , right ?
Good morning , sir . Have you reserved ?
Let me see . Oh , yes . Your room number is 503 . The porter will lead you to your room .
Francis , you have done an outstanding work in the past six months . In view of your achievement , I trust you ’ re now indispensable part of our company and you deserve an officer director title .
This title does not only give you a raising pay-check , but also increase responsibilities . Congratulations , and hope the best for you .
Hello , may I help you ?
Oh , we only take care of mail . For parcels , you can go to the next window .
Where do you need it to be delivered to ?
OK , please fill out this form .
Wait a moment , let me check it out for you . It's 200085 .
Hold on , let me put it on the scale . It weighs up to 10kg and that will be 30 Yuan , please .
Grandpa , this seat is for you , for you are the eldest person here and also it's your birthday today .
I'm afraid I can't do that . It's Dad's seat , according to the book about table manners .
Great . That's my favorite seat which will be the nearest to the birthday cake .
Why do they serve up the noodles first ? I don't like it . Where is the cake ?
Marketing manage office , can I help you ?
Sorry , he's out .
Sorry , I am not sure , can I take a message ?
That's fine.please call again later .
Excuse me , where is the nearest gas station ?
To the traffic lights ?
Left at the lights ?
Right at the bridge ?
Vince . We're both busy , so I'm not going to beat around the bush . I need a raise .
Bull . I're done my research . I know you still control more than 65 percent of invoking options .
How far do we have to go ?
The traffic is not very heavy on this high way , is it ? So I ’ m sure we ’ ll make it .
Don ’ t worry . There ’ s plenty of time yet .
I'm taking a date to a restaurant , so could you please direct me to a good one ?
She deserves nothing but the best , of course .
I promised her I would take her out to a restaurant . Do you have another one in mind ?
Great food and lots of patrons ? What more could I want ? Please reserve a table for me .
The City Bank . May I help you , sir ?
May I have your name , please ?
Alright , what's your address ?
When would you like your account closed ?
Okay . Where would you like to have your last bill sent to you ?
Have you bought your bus pass yet ?
Well , why not ?
You should've just asked me .
You can get it from the student business office .
I know you didn't .
No problem .
It looks to be a nice day today .
Okay , I'll get the car out of the garage .
How many kinds of secretaries work here ?
What sort of duties do you expect ?
Welcome to Lincoln Bank . Are you a new customer ?
I see . As you don't have a long history with us , we will have to check your credit rating with your previous bank before we can promise any loan to you .
May I ask why you decided to switch your account to us ?
We always welcome new business . If you can give me the details of your former bank , including your account number we can begin .
Passport , please , madam .
Thank you.Please fill out the Baggage Declaration Form .
Are you ready to order , sir ?
Our red wine is very famous . I'd suggest you try that .
Here are a variety of red wines for you to choose . You can have a taste then make your decision then . Here is the wine menu .
Then do you like any cheese to go with it ?
Oh , no . But cheese is the best thing to go with red wine . And we have really fresh cheese which will be free if you order red wine . Here are the pictures . Pick out something you like .
What would you like for appetizer and dinner ?
How do you want your steaks , rare , medium or well-done ?
Anything for dessert ?
In foreign trade , language differences are very important .
Fortunately , there is a widely-spoken commercial language , namely English .
In South America , the most common language is Spanish and Portuguese .
Yes , the language is a part of culture . It reflects a nation's character .
Hello , my name's David Wong . I've ordered a sofa from you last Wednesday . I wonder when it will be delivered today .
It's 45132 .
May I have the bill , please ?
How much altogether ?
Does it include the charge for drinks ?
Here is $ 200 , keep the change , please .
Thank you for seeing me . Did you look over my letter and resume ?
Yes , I think it is possible more important than the salary .
Good , about the essential living conditions ?
I see . I'm a female . Are there any special benefits for me ?
I think it is very necessary for us . I wonder whether I am on holiday with payment every year .
Right . How about the unemployment compensation and the retirement pension ?
Hello , this is Lucy from ABC Company .
I ’ m calling to see if you have made your decision . You are the right person we are seeking for .
Good news for us . When can you start to work ?
Ok , please come to my office at 9 AM next Monday . I will introduce you to our boss .
Can I take your order now or do you still want to look at the menu ?
Certainly . How about spaghetti with clams and shrimps .
Good morning , what can I do for you ?
Oh , I see . Would you mind telling me your monthly salary ?
OK . We can supply you a loan . How much do you want to loan ?
It's only 4.5 % for one-year loan . Do you want to apply now ?
OK . Please fill out this loan application .
How long do I have to wait ?
I see.The bus doesn't come so often as in cities .
May I help you ?
Yes , madam . What sort of gloves do you want ?
Certainly . What size do you take ?
I think a six is your size . How do you like these ? I can recommend them , they're very reliable .
Good morning . My name's Jason Smith .
Thank you very much .
Oh , my CV . Yes , here it s . There are three copies .
No , I haven't . I'm awfully sorry . Can I send them to you ?
I haven't been involved in international business , so I don't have any experiences , but I am diligent and I learn very fast .
Yes , in most circumstances.Are you available for business travel ?
OK . You are good . Hope to see you next time . I'll call you if you get picked for next test .
Good morning , madam . What can I do for you ?
Certainly , madam . What kind of coffee do you want to have ?
Well . We have espresso , latte , skinny latte , fancy coffee and Americano .
Do you speak a foreign language ?
How well do you know English ?
If we give you the job , what ’ s the most important thing you except to get ?
Just this ?
Do you want to get a promotion ?
Where would you like to be in 5 years ?
How do you plan to accomplish this ?
What are in this folder ?
Are they filed alphabetically ?
Can you find last month ’ s report for me , please ?
Oh , my god ! I look so old . I look as if I were 40 . I think it's time for some plastic surgeries . I'm tired of these wrinkles and sagging skin .
Anyway I think I need a nose job and some breast implants as well .
I know what you mean . I just want to make myself more attractive .
Really ?
And so , I just wanted to check in with you and find out where we are with this project . As you know , you ’ Ve missed a fairly significant deadline last week , and this will negativity impact the team ’ s ability to move forward with the next stages of this project .
Oh , come on ! An excuse like that is tantamount to lying . You ’ re essentially blaming the tech team for your time management issues , rather than accepting responsibility for the fact that you were procrastinating for the past two weeks .
I'm afraid I have to return this sweater .
You see , there is a run at the neck .
Welcome to IBA . Which service do you require ?
Yes , that is our Personal Wealth Management Service .
Of course . Financing Link is a value-added service , and can be tailored to suit your requirements .
Certainly . We can arrange the structure to suit whatever you require . That's why this service is so popular ; it's suitable for everyone because we make it that way .
Why didn ’ t you call me last night ?
Why didn ’ t you phone me from a callboy ?
Tell me why you didn ’ t come to see me tonight then .
I like the design of the coat .
Anyway , it's my ideal coat . I'll take it .
Hi , I'm out of here . Here's my key .
Thank you .
I only had nine little problems here . Other than that , I enjoyed my stay , and I loved the city .
h , Sam ! Is this your dog ?
Cindy , you're so cute .
I have a little white cat .
yes , cats are always gentle . and they don't need a lot of space since they're small .
not at all . They're quiet most of the time.But they can be every bit as affectionate as dogs .
absolutely . Believe it or not , I found my cat by a garbage can around my neighborhood two years ago .
yes . It was starving and looking for something to eat when I saw it .
Hello , housekeeping . Is there anything I can do for you ?
We charge $ 5 for a barrel .
Good afternoon , how can I be of service today ?
It is possible to take into account special circumstances , should the manager agree to it . If your credit rating has been class A in your initial trading period and your debt to asset ratio is sound , and then I'm sure the manager will see you to discuss it further . I'll set up a meeting for you .
Ah ! It hurts . Don't touch it .
The shoulder .
It's not a cut . It's a gash ! It's bigger than a cut ! Ah ! I need a doctor .
I'm bleeding too much .
Yes . My bike has one under the seat . Get it , quick !
Wrap a few loops of the bandages around my upper arm , then twist.That will work as a tourniquet.After that , you can cut more of the bandages to cover the wound .
No , forget that ! Do the tourniquet first . I'm losing too much blood .
I ran it against that fence pole as I crashed . What do you think ? Damn , it hurts !
I'm lucky I wasn't killed . I must have been going around forty-five miles an hour.There was too much gravel on that corner . I slid out .
Make it tighter . I want the blood stopped.Then wrap some bandages around the cut . Then we can go . Ouch ! I hope I can walk .
I heard you will be going on a business trip .
How long will you be away ?
Who will take your place ?
Good choice . He is competent for the position .
Mom , give me a glass of orange juice .
Oh , sorry mom , i forgot.please give me a glass of orange juice .
Oh , it is nice and cold , definitely good orange juice .
Oh , sorry again , thank you mom .
You've decided that you definitely want to purchase this particular one ?
I would recommend that you at least glance through these brochures , just to make sure that you have selected the right policy for you . Take your time , Sir .
Hello ? Hello ?
Hello ? Who is calling , please ?
Hello , could I speak to Mr . Wang , the PR Director ?
I am calling to inquire about the position of PR manager . What requirements does the job need ?
Hi , can I help you ?
What's your name , Sir ?
Yes Sir . We have your reservation . Could you fill up these forms , please ?
Hi , Monica , I am afraid I can ’ t make it to the office to punch out .
I am still in XYZ Company , this meeting took longer than I expected . Say to it that the office manager knows I won ’ t be in to punch my card .
Is Alice available ?
I've called you a hundred times today .
No problem .
Did you want to do something tomorrow ?
How about a movie ?
Call me tomorrow then .
That price of ours , by the way , is for a minimum quantity of 1,000 saddles .
20-30 % . But we proposed the plan from the storage and delivery viewpoint . That is to say , less warehouse space and prompt delivery .
Sales have been exceptionally good during the past twelve months .
All in the local market . One or two suggestions that came in from the distribution might interest you .
Perhaps . General opinion is that the rear carrier should be offered as an extra .
Please bring your baggage here for inspection .
Is all your baggage here ?
Have you got anything to declare ?
Welcome to NO Bank . It's Mr Zu , isn't it ?
How's Mrs Zu doing these days ?
Can I give you some advice on a loan , or ...
Are you absolutely sure , Mr Zu ? You know , you will lose interest if you do .
What can I help you with today ?
What is the problem ?
Do you have enough money in your account ?
Let me check that for you right now .
Apparently there is only $ 57 left in your account .
That ’ s what my records show .
Are you going to helen ’ s birthday party on Friday evening ?
If everyone turned up , it would be a squeeze . But a few people said that they couldn ’ t go . So I think it should be OK ?
I ’ Ve got her a birthday present and I ’ ll take a bottle fo wine too .
Helen gets on very well with her neighbors . I wouldn ’ t be surprised if they went to the party too .
Daniel , have you finished your homework ?
Daniel , as a matter of fact , TV is bad for your health .
It's full of violence and you are so young .
Wait . What's the time , honey ?
It's homework time now . Go and do your homework and then go to bed.American Idol , There you go .
Good morning . My name is Penny White . I'm new here .
OK .
Yes , that's OK . I'm glad to get started .
OK . Thank you very much .
Good , morning ! Can I help you ?
Yes.There are trains at seven fifty-nine , nine eighteen , ten thirty-two and eleven fifty-five .
At nine thirty-six.And the nine eighteen gets to London at nine fifty-five , the ten thirty-two at eleven nine .
There's one at nineteen and the next is at nineteen forty .
Single or return ?
Hello , this is Lucy from ABC Company . Is this Monica ?
I am calling to inform you that we have arranged an interview for this accountant position at 2 PM this Thursday afternoon . Please come on time .
Oh , you can take the subway , get off at B stop and walk north for several minutes . You will find a building . It will take about 40 minutes in total .
What's special for today ?
We'll have it for two people .
Here ! Here ! Use my card !
Not on my life ! I'm the best man , so I pay !
What's that ?
Would you please tell me about the Fortune magazine ?
Do you like it personally ?
Sorry to bother you so early . There's another couple who wants to rent the apartment , but I thought I'd ask you first .
I thought so , by the looks on your faces when you left . So why don't you come to my apartment , and we'll settle all the details .
What are you going to have ?
Can I get you anything to drink ?
Well , we've been waiting for our baggage for about one hour .
It's blue , Samsonite bag .
This is room eleven-seven and my name is Terry Chen .
My friend's room ? Oh , I see.Thanks a lot .
Hello there . Is there anything I can help you with ?
Which company are you from ? I'll check your details .
Ah , yes . Mr Can , isn't it ? Yes , the money has been transferred successfully . But you'll need to change it into RIB before you can have it .
Is this American Airlines ?
I need to get a flight to Chicago on the 7th in the morning . Can you give me a hand ?
Operator , I want to make a collect overseas phone call to Beijing .
Richard Zhang .
The code is 880 , the area code is 010 and the local number is 8824578 4 .
Monica Tang .
OK , thank you .
Excuse me , I'm looking for the airport bus stop . Do you know where it is ?
When does the bus come ?
How about the next one ?
Isn't there an earlier one ?
Thank you very much .
Honey , we are all out of wine and cheese . Do you mind running to the deli and picking up a few things ?
Your friends and family are coming over tonight and we still need to get a lot of things .
OK , pick up some cured meats to go with the wine . Maybe a pound of polish sausages , ham , liverwurst , salami and any other cold cuts that are on sale . I think I saw a promotion for pastrami . Also get s
Never mind that.Get some dips as well . Get a jar of spinach and blue cheese dip and also some Tzatziki.If they have bean dip get that as well . Last but not least , get some pickles .
Mr.Wang , we haven't discussed the mode of payment .
Do you mean you prefer a deferred payment ?
When do you start the payment then ?
We can accept that but you have to pay the interest .
Shall we sign the agreement now ?
Did you promise me to get the bread ?
But you forgot to get the bread .
Well , I certainly did .
You are free . You can go now .
I'll do with the cake .
What kind of music do you enjoy listening to ?
What kind ?
Why do you like that type of music ?
I think that's an excellent reason to like something .
Good morning , sir . Could I be of any service to you ?
Yes , we have landscape paintings , figure paintings and flower-and-bird paintings .
Good . How about this picture of cranes with pine trees ? It was painted by a famous Chinese painter in King Dynasty .
One thousand dollars .
I'm trying to reach Robert please .
What time should I call back ?
Ok ! I ’ m ready for my driving lesson ! Should I start the car ?
We have been through this a million times ! Let ’ s get going already ! I ’ m ready !
I ’ m doing it ! I ’ m driving ! This is awesome ! Let ’ s turn some music on !
Get out of my way ! This is just like playing video games !
so , are you enjoying the performance so far ?
I think you're being a little critical . The actor in the lead role is fantastic . I suppose the chorus could be a bit better , though .
actually , the woman playing Ophelia is a past classmate of mine .
that's only part of it . I absolutely adore this director . Every play he works on turns out great .
quite a few actually . By the way , after the play , there's always a big party for the cast and their friends . My friend has invited us . Do you want to go ?
I've never had a part in a play before , but I used to be a part of the stage crew in high school .
I helped build the sets and find props for the plays . What about you ?
why not ?
Excuse me , would you please tell me where I can find a telephone ?
How do you use a public phone ?
Good morning , can I help you ?
Yes . of course . May I have your name and your room number , please ?
OK , Mr . Wang , here is your bill . The total amount is US $ 120 .
How do you wish to settle your account , sir ?
We accept Master Card , American Express and Visa .
Is that Room service ?
I have made a reservation for my breakfast last night . But I still haven't got it . I am so hungry now .
203 .
How do I know what forms to fill out for unemployment ?
How do I get the form to apply for unemployment benefits ?
What type of information will I have to provide to the Employment Development Office ?
Will they need anything else from me ?
What should I do after I turn in the application ?
Isn't this fun ?
Just follow the foot movements . Brush left , brush right ... yeah ! That's it !
Let the men take the lead !
My mom and dad insist that I be home before ten . Do you have a curfew ?
I wish my parents were a little more lenient .
You like going to bed early ?
Well , I still hate having a curfew .
Hi , excuse me sir ? I ’ m looking for a dress shoe . My usual pair that I ’ Ve had for years have finally been stretched out of shape . They don ’ t provide any support anymore .
Show me some classic high heels , please .
Black . Classic .
Umm . too shiny . And I wear pantyhose with my shoes so let ’ s look for a closed-toe shoe .
I don ’ t like the pointed toes . Let me take a look at what else you have . Too high . That one looks like the back would cut into my heel . I have a high instep so I doubt that one will fit properly .
Seven-and-a-half .
Hmmm.Not good . They ’ re too tight.The length is right , but the shoe is too narrow and it ’ s pinching my toes . And there ’ d be no room for my insoles . You know what ? I don ’ t think I have the patience fo
My wife is sick , so I have to cancel a reservation I made .
I'm Rudy Randolph at 818-555-1234 , April ninth to the fifteenth .
I wish everything in life was so simple . Thank you .
Well , what did you think about the last candidate ? Do you think we should hire her ?
What made you think that she wasn't very confident ?
She was a bit nervous , I guess . What else ?
You're right . If she walked into meeting with our clients like that , it would make our company look bad , wouldn't it ?
I agree . I guess I was paying more attention to her answers than her body language .
That's true . I guess we ’ ll have to keep looking for a manager then .
Excuse me , driver . Does this bus go to the museum ?
How long is the ride ?
Thank you.How much is the fare ?
Would you please let me know when we get to the stop ? I am a stranger here .
Yes , ma'am ?
Air mail or surface mail ?
That'll be eighty-five cents .
Three dollars and forty cents .
Order in the court !
What is it ?
You do realize that all the evidence points to you ?
How do you figure that ?
Do you know who did ?
I ’ m sure we can work out some kind of deal .
Hi , the lab said that you would be getting my test results in today .
I think that this is a bad sign .
Why wouldn ’ t you tell me over the phone ?
I need to come in right away .
You are scaring me !
Are there any scenic spots nearby ?
Have you ever been there ?
Really ?
This motor oil case is still really slippery .
Sure , why not ? I think I want a chocolate chip cookie , too .
So what ?
Good , morning ! Can I help you ?
Yes . There are trains at 7 fifty-nine , 9 eighteen , 10 thirty-two and 11 fifty-five .
At 9 thirty-six . And the 9 eighteen gets to London at 9 fifty-five , the 10 thirty-two at 11 nine .
There's one at 19 and the next is at 19 forty .
Single or return ?
If you get on before 4 p . m . or after 6 p . m . there is saver return which is $ 9.45 , an ordinary return is $ 16.45 .
Good morning , Angela , how have you been lately ?
Well , rest assured that you can count on us to be here for the long run , please sit down . Coffee ?
Haha , I could never do that . I ’ d be a zombie if I didn ’ t have my morning coffee fix . Let ’ s get down to business then .
That ’ s great ! I ’ m glad to hear that Pear has finally jumped on the bandwagon . Right now our contract is for the five megapixel cameras . Is Pear still interested in having those ?
Excuse me , but do you have this T-shirt in size L ?
Too bad . I really like it .
Do you have it in size L ?
Where is the fitting room ?
What is your corporation website address ?
Is there a dot after ' com ' ?
Excuse me , sir . What can I do for you ?
Yes , sir .
OK . Would you like something to drink in advance ? We have all kinds of sodas , juices , beers and wines .
Why do you change your job and apply for a translator ?
What do you think are the capacities for a success as a translator ?
What is your greatest strength ?
What is your weakness ?
What is your greatest accomplishment ?
Can you work under pressure ?
What are the problems you have encountered in your job and how do you solve them ?
How do you deal with those who you think are difficult to work with ?
Good morning , Madam . How can I be of service ?
Yes , I'm sorry about that . One of our Atms is down and we are waiting for it to be repaired , but it should be up and running again very soon .
You need to fill out the deposit slip as well . Here you go , Madam .
I hope the food here is good .
But the guidebook says a lot of the stars come here.If we are spending three days in Hollywood , I want to see at least one star .
Did you like the tour of Universal Studios ?
I thought it was great . Didn't you like the special effects rooms ?
May I please speak to Robert ?
Is this 2517758 ?
Oh , I'm sorry .
How time flies ! We have been in Beijing for almost 4 years .
yeah , feels like yesterday . Now I ’ m almost settled down here . We ’ re planning to buy an apartment and tie the knot .
thank you . Is your company going to move to other cities ?
why is that ?
yeah , the hustle and bustle is really difficult to handle .
I understand your position . Perhaps it ’ s time to stop floating and go back to where you belong . You ’ ll feel much better with your family around .
Hi , is this Rich ?
It ’ s Alex ... Have I got some great news ! We got the Baker account . It ’ s all ours !
Look , Jim . That man just fell down over there .
Sir , sir , are you all right , sir ?
Oh , no . He is not breathing and there ’ s no pulse . Call 911 .
Come and meet our employees , Mr . Richards .
This is Nicola Grey , and this is Claire Taylor .
They ’ re keyboard operators . This is Michael Baker , and this is Jeremy Short .
They ’ re sales reps . They are very lazy .
Julia , I apologize to you for what I have done . Please forgive me .
It does ’ t matter . I know that people are easy to get mad when they're tired .
What are our areas for growth ? What sectors do you see the most potential in ? If we are going to pull our sales numbers up and develop the brand , we got to work across the board .
Hey ! I just bought one of those new Japanese cell phones ! It's loaded with extras .
It's got a built-in video camera so you can see the person you're talking to . It also takes stills and I can use the E-mail mode to send digital pictures straight to my friend's phone !
I can plug it into a folding keyboard to type in message mode . I can even surf the net .
Yes . With the 60 - second digital memory , I can record my voice and send it using voice message mode .
You'll love this ! I can use a stylus to draw a map on the touch screen and then use the fax mode to send it to another phone .
What can I do for you ?
I'd like to . How do you like the hat ?
How about the umbrella ? It's made of wood and paper . It's very beautiful .
Do you like it ?
Fifty yuan .
Could I ask you for a favor ? My laser printer is out of ink and I need to print out something urgent . If you don ’ t mind , I would like to send you these files . Could you then print these for me ?
Thanks , Vivian .
Good morning . Please come into my office .
I see that you have some impressive writing experience .
What prompted you to apply to this company ?
Why do I have to hire you ?
Excuse me , what's the actual flying time from here to Zurich ?
Can you tell me when we are arriving ?
Gotcha .
What can I do for you ?
What ’ s wrong ?
Do you have enough money in your checking account ?
Give me a moment , and I ’ ll check .
You only have $ 57 left in your checking account .
I ’ m sorry , but that ’ s what our records show .
Doctor , can you give me some suggestions on how to stay healthy ?
What are the best foods to eat ?
What should I avoid ?
What else is important to stay healthy ?
Is it OK to drink alcohol ?
Dear , can you drive me to the clinic ?
Why ?
Could it be the battery ?
Well , I suppose it could be the gas .
Perhaps it's the starter then ?
What is your long term career plan you set for yourself ?
Excuse me , ma'am ?
I'm new here and I can ’ t seem to find the lunch room .
Mr . Carmichael , this is Ellen Bower calling again . You had said I should call this week to schedule an interview with you .
I understand , Mr . Carmichael . I ’ d be glad to make it some time next week .
Thank you for coming .
I have a leaky pipe .
The pipe is behind a wall in my bathroom .
It began leaking a couple of days ago .
I know .
Not as long as it gets fixed .
Well , what is your trouble ?
Have you any aches and pains ?
I'll take your temperature . How long have you been feeling ill ?
You have a temperature , but it's nothing serious . It's probably just the flu . I'll give you a prescription . Take this to the chemist's . Take one tablet every four hours . You should stay in bed tom
Is there a problem , officer ?
I'm sorry , I didn't even notice it .
I honestly couldn't see it because of the bushes growing over it .
I swear that I didn't mean to run it .
Are you going to give me a ticket today , sir ?
Thanks a lot .
This is a good basic computer package . It's got a good CPU , 256 megabytes of RAM , and a DVD player .
Yes , it has a built-in modem . You just plug a phone line into the back of the computer .
A 15 - inch monitor is included in the deal . If you want , you can switch it for a 17 - inch monitor , for a little more money .
I like to open up a savings account please .
I want the one with the highest interest rate .
4.5 % , that's good . How much money do I have to keep in it to get that rate ?
All right . I ’ ll open one of those .
Hi ! Good morning , Sarah !
I have not seen you for a long time . How are you ?
What are your symptoms ?
Where is the pain ? Could you show me please ?
What kind of pain ? Sharp pain , dull pain or severe pain ?
Is the pain continuous ?
Please lie down over there .
Does it hurt when I push here ?
What about here ?
How long have you been like this ?
How about your appetite ?
How about your bowel movements ?
Could you take us to the Fifth Avenue ?
Is the traffic very heavy this hour ?
Welcome to Perfect Getaway Tours . How can I help you ?
Very well , we have a couple of different options such as beaches , the wilderness , the countryside or even going to a spa for the weekend .
Perfect ! This package includes round-trip flights to New Hampshire . A free airport pick - up is included . Our VIP limousine will pick you up and provide you with complimentary champagne and finger
That is the best part.Your hotel is actually an old country villa that has been restored and refurbished to accommodate a maximum of that is guests.You will enjoy an intimate and private time in this
Of course ! The hotel has a stable with beautiful stallions for a very romantic horseback ride along the country trail . You can also go fishing to the nearby lake or visit the local vineyard .
This one is too small . Please bring me a bigger one .
What's the brand ?
Do you have any fresh baked donuts for sale yet ?
Yes , I'd like five croissants , too .
Loans Department , how can I help you ?
Certainly , Sir . I'd be happy to . The Personal Pledge Loan is a loan secured by undue certificates , Time Deposits , for example , or Visible Treasury Bonds .
That's correct , Sir . The bank will issue receipt to you and also take care of all the pledged securities .
The maximum maturity period is a year , but it also cannot exceed the maturity on the certificates used as collateral .
The initial amount is just 2,000 RIB , but we can go up to 100,000 RIB . But remember , it cannot exceed the amount on the certificates you are using as collateral .
Hi , what can I get for you ?
With everything on it ?
Did you want fries with your order ?
Did you want something to drink ?
Would you like anything else ?
No problem , that'll be $ 5.48 .
Waiter , I would like to order now .
Cream soup and steak , please .
Excuse me , what does that mean ?
Are you ready to order , sir ?
Of course . Here you are .
Our seafood is fresh . I recommend shrimp with garlic .
How does it fit ?
The price is on the tag . How would you like to pay ?
Yes , we do .
Here's your receipt . Thank you for shopping here and have a nice day .
Why are there so many people ?
Some of them seem to be of the latest style . Now I ’ Ve a feeling that we can do a lot of trade in this line . We wish to establish relations with you .
Concerning our financial position , credit standing and trade reputation , you may refer to Bank of Hong Kong , or to our local Chamber of Commerce or inquiry agencies .
That sounds interesting . I ’ ll send a fax home . As soon as I receive a definite answer , I ’ ll make a specific inquiry .
I think you are an excellent person . Honestly speaking , you are very suitable for this job
I want to know your earliest available entry time .
It's too late . If you could get the job , could you start a little earlier ?
What a pity !
Within two weeks , because the new employees need to receive induction training .
I hope you can come to our company to work .
OK , I will keep this position for you for one week .
Reception . May I help you ?
Certainly . Where are you now ?
May I help you ?
Please fill in the slip , stating the exact amount you wish to withdraw .
Your ID card , please .
Do you want large ones or small ones ?
Wait a minute , please ... Here's the cash .
Well , sir . According to today's exchange rate , every pound in cash is equivalent to 1.89 U . S . dollars . How much would you like to change ?
... OK . And here's your money .
What sort of problems do you have with these machines ?
Hello , Who's that speaking ?
Yes , I do .
Yes , It's fully furnished .
15,000 yuan , including water , but not electricity and gas .
It's in the International Trade Zone . It's only ten minutes'walk from the nearest subway station .
The price can be talked over . How about coming around and taking a look at it first ?
It is quite important to be a good listener in the interview .
It can show your good attainment as well .
First of all , you should keep proper posture and make eye contact with the speaker with a smile .
And your statement should be clear and brief to the point .
Sure , in order not to leave a bad impression on the interviewer .
Don't be absent-minded even when you are not interested in the talk .
Excuse me , I'm looking for a good novel . Can you recommend anything ?
I'm not really sure . I don't like romance novels , but any other genre is okay , as long as the book's good .
Sorry , I forgot to mention that I don't like horror much , either .
Hmm ... I sometimes like mysteries , but I don't think I'm in the mood for one right now .
I love science fiction and fantasy , but I've been reading a lot of both lately , so I'd prefer to get something else .
That sounds interesting . Okay , I'll get this one . Thanks for all your help .
Are you a wrestler or a boxer ?
Your muscular shoulders and chest impress me so .
Look at this survey conducted by a website . A quarter of the employees will spend an average of 10 minutes everyday online doing personal things . Hi , Francis , what about you ?
Though our company doesn ’ t have a return policy , limiting the personal use of internet , I don ’ t think the boss will like us to do that .
But it is lucky for us . The company computers don ’ t have software keeping tracks of websites we visit . I have shopped too often online these days .
good morning . I understand that you ’ Ve got a problem with your washing machine . I ’ m from the repair company .
when did it first break down ?
is it still under warranty . If it is and I can ’ t fix it , it would be quicker and easier to exchange it for a new one .
ok . I ’ ll start by looking at the motor . I ’ ll just unplug it and take a look inside the machine ... oh , yes . There ’ s the problem . It ’ s quite simple . I ’ ll sort it out in a few minutes .
part of the motor is loose . I can put it back in place quite easily .
Good day to you . How can we assist you today ?
Yes , you can . The best way is to first select the company you want to buy from , then we can help you to do it . Do you have a Current Account here ?
Well , it certainly makes everything easier , both at this end and at your end .
Office software like Windows might be one of the best inventions in this information age . It saves us from so much work and makes the communication even around the world much easier .
Yes , this machine is even smaller than those before .
Now please tell me something about your achievements in your work unit .
Have you received any other honors ?
Do you have anything published ?
Good morning , I am Monica . Are you Mr . White , the manager of finance department ? I am the newcomer and also working in the finance department .
Thank you . I am very happy to have my own office now . I ’ Ve never had one before . It is very nice .
Really ? What could that be ?
Front desk . May I help you ?
Yes . Sure . You do have storage service . When will be checking out tomorrow ?
Shall we arrange a bail boy to pick up your luggage at nine o ’ clock ?
May I have your room number please ?
1218 . we ’ ll collect your luggage at nine o ’ clock tomorrow . Would you then come to the front desk to get your storage receipt please ?
Is the view going to be ok ?
I ’ ll do my best .
I'm going to the bank .
I need to withdraw some money .
I'll just use the ATM .
It's the Automatic Teller Machine .
I just insert my debit card into the machine .
Well , it gives me money , but it's my own money .
Then , I ’ ll see you next week , Ms . O ’ Brian ?
Certainly . Is there anything else you would like me to bring , Mr . O ’ Brian ?
I need something to eat , please .
I feel like champagne , lobster tail , and filet mignon , medium rare .
Well , I prefer filet , but porterhouse is good , too .
Just the champagne will be fine , thank you .
That's fine .
Could you give me some advice ?
It feels all right . But if it were a darker color , I will like it better .
Good afternoon . What service do you require ?
For what purpose exactly , if you don't mind me asking ? I must ask because I need to know the size , you see .
What a lovely gift . Yes , I can understand why you wouldn't be comfortable keeping something so valuable at home . I think one of our small ones will be perfect . Do you have some ID with you ?
You ’ re home late today , David . How was school ?
Oh , what ’ s she like ?
Is she old or young ?
Is she strict ?
Can she speak Chinese ?
This is the menu . What would you like to have ?
With pleasure , sir . May I suggest Steamed stuffed buns and deep-fried twisted dough sticks ? They are popular breakfast among Chinese people .
Yes , sir . We usually serve soya-bean milk and jellied beancurd . Which one do you prefer , sir ? A
So , that's steamed stuffed buns and deep-fried twisted dough sticks , and a Soya-bean milk .
Good evening . Do you have a reservation ?
How many people are you together ?
Would you like to sit in a smoking section , a non-smoking section or whatever comes open first ?
I am awfully sorry but there are no vacancies left now . Would you like to wait for a moment ?
I think about ten minutes .
I am sorry for making you wait so long . Now there is a table available in non-smoking section . Please follow me .
This is the menu . Are you ready to order now ?
Yes , and what would you like to drink ?
Would you like a dessert ?
Lemon pie , hot cake in syrup , chocolate sundae and custard pudding .
So what's wrong with the drain ?
Let me take a look . You know why ? It's clogged with hair . No wonder water won't go down .
You ’ re darn right !
Don't worry . I ’ Ve got some acid here . It will help dissolve the hair down there .
I'd like to request some more amenities .
Well , the free stuff ! You know the soap , lotion , shampoo , etc .
Not at all . I still have enough for the next few days .
I need some to keep as souvenirs !
Yes , souvenirs . Trinkets to remember my trip by !
Oh , that's not the same . I never pay for hotel souvenirs !
Excuse me.When ' s the next bus ?
Oh , good.That ' ll be the number forty four ?
So when's the next forty-four ? Will it be here soon ?
So when will it be here then ?
Never ?
Willy , I don't think we have much butter . Can you buy some ?
Here's the money.And get some salt .
This apartment is great , but could I upgrade a few things ?
I want to have a different color carpet .
Would it cost a lot more ?
I was also wondering if it would be possible to pick a different paint color .
When can you finish with the new carpet and paint ?
How much is a ticket to Edinburgh ?
A return ticket , please .
Good morning . More Hotel . At your service .
All right . Single-room or double-room ?
Hold on , please . Let me check the bookings . Yes , we have double-rooms available . What kind of room would you like , sir ?
We have a nice garden-view room .
Yes , sir . And there is also a party going on each Saturday night in the bar till next morning .
888 Yuan per night . With breakfast . “ Northern Star ” buffet ! What's there arriving time ?
I see . May I have your name and phone number ?
I left a suitcase on the train to London the other day .
It's a small blue case and it's got a zip . There's a label on the handle with my name and address on it .
No , that's not mine .
Let me see it .
David Hall , 83 , Bridge Street .
Here you are .
Hey !
Mr Hughes ? Do you have a minute ? I would like to discuss something with you .
I was wondering , I have heard many of my co-wokers that your knowledge and experience in international markets is phenomenal . Also , I ’ Ve heard the rumor that you speak fluent Japanese . Is that right ?
Right now I ’ m working on a product launch project to open up our Asian market . We have several upcoming events to take place for the Japanese cities . We ’ ll be heading to Tokyo next month to get things started . What I would like to talk to you about is joining our team to help bring this project to completion .
We aer looking for someone who is familiar with the market and cultural issues to act as an advisor to our marketing staff . We would like to set up a partnership , where we can help each other .
Advance Reservations . Can I help you ?
Could you tell me your name , sir , please ?
Hi , Mr . Smith . I ’ m Dr . Hawkins . Why are you here today ?
Yes , well you haven ’ t had one for ... five years . You should have one every year .
Well , the best way to avoid serious illnesses is to find out about them early . So , try to come at least once a year for your own good .
Let me see here . Your eyes and ears look fine . Take a deep breath , please . Do you smoke , Mr . Smith ?
Smoking is the leading cause of lung cancer and heart disease , you know . You really should quit .
Well , we have classes and some medications that might help . I ’ ll give you more information before you leave .
Sorry to bother you sir , but I have some bad news .
Well , the stock market just took a huge plunge and we ’ Ve lost a lot of money !
There are many factors that weigh in , but NASDAQ is down 200 points , the DOW JONES indicator also suffered ! Our portfolio is worth half of what it was worth points week ago .
I know sir ! We didn ’ t expect a bull market to become a bear market all of a sudden . On the other hand , you still have some high yield trash bonds and government bonds that will give us enough liquidity to cut our loses and reinvest in emerging markets . We could potentially make this tragedy work for us and make us think outside the box .
What do you do in your spare times ?
What sports do you like best ?
Do you like reading books ?
Who are you favourite authors ?
When can you give me the final decision ?
OK .
Hello , I am calling about my cable service .
For the past week my cable hasn't been working .
Do you know when it is going to start working again ?
Will I still have to pay for the cable while it's not working ?
So I don't have to pay anything ?
Okay , thank you very much for your help .
Shall we have some soup first ?
Ok , and what about the main course ? Which would you rather have fish or meat ?
Don't you like fish then ?
Shall we have some white wine then ?
What would you like for dessert ?
Did you hear the good news ?
I got a promotion at my job .
Seriously , I am so excited .
Thank you .
Really ?
You think so ?
Can you suggest a few exercise to help me get fit and stretch my muscles a little ?
I need to excise my arms too . How can I do that ?
When I do push-ups , should I bend my elbows so that my nose touches the ground ?
What ’ s a good exercise for my chest muscles ?
So I need plenty of space for this exercise .
Hey , Mary . Dress warmly for today .
Looks can be deceiving .
It's very windy today .
Interesting lectures , aren't they ?
Let me introduce myself , by the way . My name's Charies Ford .
Would you like to copy the EX files and pass me the copy . There are some figures I want to check .
Yes , I also need all the letters we received from them .
Yes , that ’ s right .
Yes , but I need the report copied on transparency paper .
Open the book and turn to page 10 .
No , honey , it's easy if you know the way .
Dutton Hotels . How may I help you today ?
Certainly , I can help you with that . Will that be the downtown or waterfront location ?
What date do you plan to check in ?
Okay , let me see what we have . For how many ?
Sure , we have a non-smoking queen with an ocean view for $ 189 or a standard room with a courtyard view for $ 139 a night .
Okay , your last name ?
And , your first name ?
Okay , I have you booked in a standard non-smoking queen , checking in on October 12th and departing the 15th . What major credit card would you like to use to guarantee the reservation ?
The number and expiration ?
Your confirmation number is PD672 . Is there anything else I help you with ?
Merry Christmas , sweetie . How's your brother enjoying Taiwan ?
No ! Christmas without him is bad enough . So , honey , do you have cold feet yet ?
You're not coming ?
I'm afraid not . The church is booked until the year 2001 .
We'll have to . We'll rehearse on the 1st and have the wedding on the 2nd .
Don't worry , dear . I'm a great host . Now get some rest . Merry Christmas .
I love you , too . And forgive Jack . He's doing his best .
Are you ready ?
Ready for the big switch .
The nation is switching to digital TV .
Did you buy the converter ?
How much was that ?
Does it pick up any digital channels ?
Martin ? Did you remember to bring back that software I lent you ?
That ’ s okay , Martin . If you could just bring it in tomorrow , I ’ d appreciate it .
Do you have any certificates on computer ?
How did you get it ?
Where do you see yourself three years from now ?
Good answer , B - good answer ! Seriously , though , are you interested in staying in a staff-level position , or would you hope to move into management someday ?
Where did you get these peanuts , Mike ?
I'd like to purchase a pan .
Well , I cook a lot of big meals .
Yes , that's the right size , but it's so heavy .
Yes , this is very light . But the handle is also aluminum .
Great . This is exactly what I was looking for . I'll buy it .
Yes . Oh , wait a second , please . What about a lid ?
Do you want any meat today , Mrs Bird ?
Do you want beef or lamb ?
This lamb's very good .
What about some steak ? This is a nice piece .
Do you want a chicken , Mrs Bird ? They're very nice .
Do you think this blouse really suits me ?
Not too tight in the waist ?
Hello ! Can I help you ?
Oh , it's the high time for you purchasing in our clothes shop . We are now having a preseason sale on all our winter apparel .
Every thing for winter is 20 % off .
Sure , we have both skirts and trousers that would look well with the sweater . Look at this section .
You have a good taste . It's very much in style this year .
Look on the rack to the right .
Do you know how happy I am ? The Ant Kingdom is a perfect world with colorful fairy tales . It seems like the air is fresh here .
Come on baby , stop trying to pretend like a man . If you go there , you are sure to like them .
I said you are sure to like them . There is the Grand Parade Of Ants Carnival in a few minutes in the square . You will experience a dream of fantasy .
All kinds of insects dress themselves up . They drive straight their own Flower Cars along the Parade Avenue of Ants Kingdom .
I thought you had grown out of such child practices .
Gross !
Hello , Barneys Garage .
He just stepped out . Can I take a message ?
I'll make sure he receives the message .
good morning . How can I help you ?
have you filled out an application form ?
yes . I'll just have my assistant look over these quickly and then we'll move on to the next step . Did you want to open up a checking account and a savings account ?
yes . Actually , both accounts come with cards that you can use in ATM machines , so that you won't have to come in to the bank to make a transaction .
it is . Our customers really like it . Do you have any other questions about your new accounts ?
the maximum is $ 1000 .
yes , but it's not much . You just have to pay 1 % interest on the amount . It's much lower rate than any of our loans and it's much better than owing money to most credit cards .
they're all in order . If you just sign your name here , you'll receive your cards and pin numbers in the mail in about three weeks .
Hello , Miss . I want to listen to the music . Could you tell me how to adjust it ?
I like listening to the classical music .
Yes . Which channel is for opera ?
May I help you , sir ?
What color do you want ?
What size are you ?
No problem . I think 40 will be fine for you .
I'm the Mortgage Advisor at this branch . You wanted a chat about housing loans ?
I see . It's a problem most of us face . May I ask what the purchase price is ?
So , you've already made a large initial deposit ? That is good news . OK , let's have a look at your credit details and get this started .
Do you have any other questions ?
Which fees ?
You will be required to pay a small fee for every time you overdraft .
You'll have to pay $ 25 every time you overdraft .
It should stop you from overdrafting .
Can I help you with anything else ?
Who's it for ?
May I take the liberty to introduce myself to you ? My name is Dick Brown . I am the sales manager of our company .
Excuse me , can you tell me the way to the British Museum ?
Which bus should I take ?
What time does the museum open ?
Can I help you ?
Let me see ... the train to New York City ... here it is ... daily except Sunday at 10,30 , 12,20 and 15,10 .
Sorry , not before 10:30 .
One way or round trip ?
A soft seat or hard one ?
$ 15.And for a hard one , only $ 6 .
Excuse me . I'd like to apply for an immigrant visa .
Oh , my son is an American citizen . We want to live together in the future .
Please take me to Plaza Hotel .
As soon as possible , because I've got an important meeting to attend .
Here is your room . I hope you like it .
The room is away from traffic noise .
Here's the bath .
There's a bag in the bathroom . Just put your laundry in it .
We do , as most hotels do .
There is house phone only.But you can ask the operator for city calls .
Shogun Restaurant of Pasadena .
I can help you if you can just tell me what evening you like the reservation for .
What time do you think that you would like to have dinner ?
How many diners will be in your group ?
I have a table for four available at 7
Mr . Foster , we will be expecting you this Tuesday at 7
Waitress ! My bill for today's lunch , please .
How much do I owe ?
Here is 200 yuan . The charge is for you .
Well , I ’ Ve looked over your resume , Mr . Peepers .
Well , Ted , this is a very impressive resume . However , we do have several other applicants to finish interviewing before we can make a final decision . We ’ ll call you by Friday , if that ’ s all right .
Do you have any other questions ?
Salary is based on experience as well as time spent with our company .
Salary can be negotiated once we officially offer you the job .
You look pale , Paul . What's wrong ?
I'm sorry to hear that . Anything I can do for you ?
Is there any cable for the Internet ?
How much do I need to pay for it ?
Is there a mailbox in the apartment ?
Are there any parking lots for the tenants ?
Is there an alarm system in the apartment ?
Who will take responsibility for the heating system if it has a problem ?
Are smoke detectors provided ?
Does this hotel have a pool ?
I'm not sure I understand .
Cool . What will they think of next ? How much are they ?
Excellent ! Now what are the hours ?
I'm going to change into my trunks right now !
Hi , this is China Southern Airlines . Is that Miss . Ye ?
I am responsible for verifying your information before you come for the interview . What , uh , position do you want ... uh ... to do ?
Sorry , I am used to speaking in a slow pace , but I will try to be faster . What position do you want to do ?
Could you tell me something about your previous job ?
Didn't you like it ?
What made you make a decision to leave ?
When can I know whether I am accepted or not ?
Yes , my office phone number is 373 ... 36 .
Between four and five in the afternoon .
Can I help you , madam ?
I see . Do you have any ideas so far ?
Sure , madam . But may l know how old he is ?
And the height ?
I see . How about this one ? It's very fashionable and popular among teenagers .
How about this one then ?
Honey , which hand should I use to hold the fork ?
Got it . It's so troublesome to have western food . I've been learning the table manners for hours but still can't really it .
Yeah . Which restaurant are we going to tonight ?
Fine . I believe in Cindy's taste . Oh , what should I wear ?
I don't want to mess it up . Please do it for me . I'm going to the bank to cash some money . How much do we need ?
Honey , you are a good accountant . So I'd better leave that to you , too .
I'll take care of the order .
Don't forget about the dessert .
Excuse me , could you please turn on the air-conditioner , it's so hot here .
Aha , it's cool now . Can I keep the robot ?
I ’ m so hungry . Let me have a look at the menu .
Our company is going to do some cutbacks soon .
I met with the supervisor just this morning . I don't know , but I am a little worried . Who do you think will get sacked ?
No , it's not going to be George . I don't think it's Andy either . He is involved with the boss's sister in-law . And you know how whipped our boss is .
Lisa ? No way . I've heard a rumor that she and the boss were having an affair . You know rumors can't come out from nowhere .
No , that would be crazy . But then who will it be ? Oh dear , it must be me . I should have known it ! Why else would he have talked to me alone about the downsizing . What should I do ? I've got a family to support .
How do I make a good impression in the interview ?
Anything else ?
What do you mean by this ? You can ’ t do the two things at the same time .
I see .
You ’ Ve given me very valuable advice and I have more confidence in myself now . Thank you very much .
Jason . There ’ s a snag in the plans for the Hoover Center .
Well , it was . But the contractor ’ s just told me he ’ s not going to be able to finish by the twentieth , as planned .
How were you getting along with your studies ?
In addition to your major , did you have other fields to study ?
Excuse me , what's the charge for a picture ?
That's great . Give me the landscape of the Triumphal for the background .
What can I do for you today ?
Which classes ?
Would you like to make an appointment ?
You need to sign the paperwork .
When can you come in ?
I'll schedule you for then .
The tea smells good . What tea is it ?
What's special about it except its pleasant smell ?
They must have some special methods to do this during the process .
Then , do you have “ tea time ” every day ? I mean , do you drink tea at a settled time ?
What's the advantage about tea ?
Does that mean the stronger the better ?
Got it . What's the proper time for tea ?
Why ?
Next please ! Hello sir , may I see your passport please ?
Will you be checking any bags today .
I ’ m sorry , sir . Airline policy allows only two pieces of checked luggage , at twenty kilograms each , plus one piece of carry-on luggage . I will have to charge you extra for the additional suitcase .
I am sorry , sir , there ’ s nothing I can do . You cannot board the flight with that large bag either.Carry - on bags must fit in the over-head compartment or under your seat . That bag is clearly too big .
Let ’ s see ... six hundred and twenty-five US dollars .
Hi , Mr . Brown , we have visited the factories and I'm very satisfied with your factories production conditions .
That's very good . But I have little knowledge about the packing of your pliers . I just want to know the details about that .
Sure .
Oh , the packing looks very nice .
Good , what about the export packing ?
Is the wooden case strong enough for transportation ? You see , 100 boxes of pliers are very heavy . It's about 2,400 kilograms .
I'm glad to hear that . By the way , do you accept neutral packing ?
Very good . Ok , Mr . Brown , I'm now totally satisfied with your packing . You can execute our first order now , and I will open the L / C immediately after I return to Taipei .
Can you do me a favor ?
Can you keep an eye on my bag , please ? Nature's calling .
No , I just want to use the bathroom .
Did you ever get your bus pass ?
Why not ?
Actually , it'll save you money .
Because you can use your bus pass as many times as you want .
Yeah , and you never have to worry about scraping for change .
Yeah , So , are you going to buy one ?
Did you see the robbery ?
Did you see everything ?
What exactly did you see ?
Did you get a good look at his face ?
Was anyone else with him ?
Could you come to the station for more questioning ?
Dai Ling .
Very well , thank you .
Can you bring me a glass of orange juice , please ? I am quite thirsty .
Wow , you're right . Everything is absolutely delicious . Please pass the pepper .
They're soft .
No more , thank you .
I think that I would enjoy living here , but I would like to make improvements .
I think that it would look better with a better quality carpet .
How much more would it cost to upgrade ?
Do you think that I could have a different paint color in my apartment ?
How long will it take for my new apartment to be ready ?
Not only does it centralise management , it also increases the efficiency of funds . We have testimonials from various companies who are very happy with the service .
You see , nowadays , a lot of companies are concerned about their group account management . As long as your company meets all the requirements of our Group Account Deposit Service , I would fully recommend it .
Here are some leaflets detailing everything we've discussed .
Hi . This is a Receptionist Desk . How can I help you ?
What ’ s the problem ?
I ’ m sorry . I ’ ll arrange a non-smoking room for you right away . The doorman is going to help you with your luggage . I do apologize for the inconvenience .
I wish to order 100 sets of hifi.Do you have this service ?
Sony please.Do you have extra charge for delivery ?
May I know who's calling ?
Hi , is that Jessica ?
I want to inform you of the interview .
The fried shrimp is crunchy ! But my mom will never cook shrimp this way . She always says that fried food is not healthy .
She often cooks it in a large pan of boiling water .
My mom says it has a lot of fat . I also suggest you do not eat so many fried things .
Really ? I really want to have a try !
What's the matter , Paul ?
So , what are you going to do ?
I'm sorry , but I really need it this afternoon .
Sure . That's no problem .
Here you go . Anything else ?
I'd like a facial .
Which would you recommend ?
What does it included ?
Does it include facial mask and massage ?
Will it exfoliate the skin as well ?
I stayed at Bob's last night .
I guess I should have told you .
It ’ s freezing in here ! Can I turn up the heat ?
Dad ! Are you serious ? What ’ s the point of having central heating if we can ’ t use it ! Look , I can see my breath !
Dad ! I ’ m gonna catch a cold !
I'd like to send this to Chicago .
Air mail , please .
Make it special delivery , please .
Which type of telephone bill would you like to pay today ?
I'll need your Bank Card , please . Your Bank Book is required for over the counter services ; with the ATM you just need to have your card .
Let's start to study how to use computers , Paler . It's good to know that a computer has two major parts , the hardware and the software .
The hardware of computer is basically all the concrete things you can touch with your hands and see with your eyes .
The software of computer is all the programmes inside the computer that allow you to use the computer to do things .
Right you are , Paler , and since what you want to learn is how to use software , we should also learn to refer to the computer menus .
I have a question about my cable .
I haven't been able to watch my cable for the past week .
Could you tell me when it will be back on ?
In the meantime , do I still have to pay for the cable ?
Does that mean I won't have to pay for it ?
Thanks , I appreciate your help .
I would like to ask for one day off next week . Do you think the manager will agree ? I know it is the busy time for our company , but I do have some important things to handle .
Actually , it is my mother ’ s wedding . My parents divorced many years ago . Now she is ready to establish a new family . It is a special occasion . I ’ Ve got to be there , right ?
Hello .
I'm sorry . He's not here right now .
Around five thirty .
Yes . May I ask who's calling ?
Okay . I'll tell him you called .
Hi , I would like to purchase a one way ticket to Brussels , please .
How long does it take to get there ?
Yeah , I think that is the best option . Do you serve food on the train ? Twelve hours is such a long time !
Great ! I ’ ll take it .
I understand . Thank you very much !
Hi , is this the Bread and Cheese Deli ?
I need to place an order for a couple of sandwiches and drinks . Can you deliver ?
How big is this parking lot in our community ?
So you guys should be always busy .
I bet it is always full of cars .
Ah ... I see .
What is the hourly rate for a car like this ?
How mush would it cost if someone parks here for one hour and ten minutes ?
Ouch ! The water's too hot !
I'm not hungry , Mom .
Oh ... I'm sweating already . It's so hot . I can feel it boiling ! Can I get out yet ?
I'd like to help pitch in with dinner .
No . I'd like to do something special for you on your birthday .
OK ... Now how can I help , hon ?
Easy . I could do that with my eyes closed . ( after a while ) Done .
How many potatoes do you need ?
Gotcha ... OK . Here they are .
Dad , how do you say this word ?
What does this word mean ?
Dad , can you just tell me what it means ? I'm too lazy .
Hello again ! Here's another fruit tray for you .
I make each one a little different . It's a way for me to express my creativity !
Oh , look at your table ! I'll help you clear it off .
I hate to be the bearer of bad news , but it's that time of year again . Have you got your performance evaluations finished yet ?
Well , you do still have three weeks . But remember the employee must sign them , too . Filling them in is nothing - it's meetingwith the employees that takes so much time .
So it's the subjective criteria like team building and colleague support that you find hard ?
I suggest letting each employee fill out his or her own evaluation for those items . Then , based on their self - assessment , you can add your comments . It's a great starting point for discussion
Good morning , Mr . Zhang , this is Jimmy calling from Polaroid Company .
I regret to tell you that the position of Sales Manager has gone to another person .
We really believe that you are a highly qualified person . But the other candidate has several years of related experiences .
We surely believe you .
I am afraid we are sticking to our choice .
Check out , sir ?
No problem.How would you like to pay ?
How do you want to advertise the opening ?
All right . I suggest posting the ad Monday through Friday .
And job seekers will certainly check the paper over on Tuesday .
Vancouver is the third largest city in Canada .
Could you come and help me mend the computer , Neel ?
I can't log on the internet again .
No , never .
I don't have this kind of software .
We're broke .
How do you like you trip ?
That's interesting . I will go with you .
Don't worry . There are so many people . We will join the touring party .
Is this the right bus for the Grand Hotel ?
Where can I take it ?
Excuse me , could you help me ?
Well . I was wondering if anyone has turned in a passport ?
I think so . I can't find it anywhere in my hotel room and I remember the last place I used it yesterday was in this department store .
In the shoe department . I had to show it to pay for these shoes with my traveler's cheques .
Then what shall I do ?
You are right . Do you have a pen ?
Greetings should never be ignored in the interview .
Appropriate greetings will win the interviewer's favorable impression
In the beginning of the interview , greet the interviewer with a kind smile .
That's right . Details can mean succeed or fail .
At the end of the interview , you should make your acknowledgements and say Goode .
Only in this way can you leave a good impression on the interviewer .
Nathan said he didn't have any fun at his new school this week . Do you know why ?
He really misses his friends from our old neighborhood .
How do you propose to help him understand that ?
I guess we could go visit once in a while too .
Does it look too big ?
Yes , I like it . I'm going to get it .
Here's my credit card .
Yes . Here you are .
Excuse me , haven't we met somewhere before ?
Oh , I see.Glad to see you here .
Excuse me , can you tell me where Main Street is ?
Is it far ?
Thanks a lot .
hello ?
good morning .
oh . I had hoped she would have called me back yesterday .
is there someone else I can talk to ?
any time after 2 pm today would be good for me .
I'd prefer to speak with Ms . Fonda .
that will be fine .
Hello , Madam . What can I do for you today ?
OK , can I see the note and some ID , please ?
You do realise that you must pay a 0.2 % charge for premature cancellation , right ?
Come in and sit down , Jack.Now , what's the trouble ?
I see.When did it start ?
Have you got a temperature ?
Let's see.Yes.You ' Ve got quite a high temperature .
Hm .. I think you ' Ve got the flu .
No , not at all , but you must stay in bed for three days and take this medicine .
Three times a day after meals .
We are interested in placing a large order for your wool carpet .
10,000 sq . m . You should give us a discount for such a large quantity .
The Iranians will give us a 10 % discount if such a high order is placed with them . No doubt you know an incentive discount encourages the buyers and helps expand seller's business .
I have been washing the dishes for over a week now .
No . We made an agreement that we would take turns doing the dishes . Now it's your turn to do them .
Any new ideas on the Mr . Fro case ? How can we give this motor oil a new brand identity ?
I could use one , too . I'm still burnt out from that last cigarette ad campaign .
Excuse me . Are these chips on sale ?
Is there any limit ?
That ’ s good . Thanks .
There's a major problem with room 507 .
This room is overrun with cockroaches .
I stopped counting at nine .
Your inspector needs spectacles . The fact is that cockroaches are running rampant .
Can you help me please ?
Do you know if there is Japanese restaurant near the hotel ?
Is it far ?
Good morning . I want to deposit 3,000 yuan in your bank .
No , I haven't . It is the first time for me to come to deposit money here .
Two years , please .
OK . What should I do if I want to draw my money before maturity date for an urgent use ?
I see . By the way , what if I forget to cash my money when the maturity comes ?
Here we are . This is Wangfujing Street .
25 yuan , please .
Excuse me , which way is to the post office ?
I'd like to speak with the apartment manager , please .
I'm interested in the apartment on Main Street .
Yes , I would very much like to see it .
I have no problem with 6 p . m .
No , thanks . I already drove by to see what the neighborhood looks like .
Should I bring anything with me ?
Has everything been OK with you lately ?
Have you been too busy to get enough sleep ?
How late do you try to go to sleep ?
Has anything in your day-to-day life been bothering you lately ?
You might consider listening to relaxing music as you go to sleep to clear your head .
Liz , you were supposed to have had those contracts typed up by now .
No , Liz . I asked you specifically . Don ’ t you remember ?
Strange looking handle on that coffee mug , isn't it ?
What's the advantage ? Price , I suppose .
What deliveries are you quoting nowadays on orders such as ours ?
You don't do much in porcelain tiles and ornaments , do you ?
Morning , Tom .
You seem to be in a hurry .
Okay . I won ’ t hold you up then .
Tell me something about yourself and your past experience .
What experience have you had that qualifies you for this position ?
What attracted you to this job ?
What qualities do you think are important to this position ?
When have you been most motivated ?
Why did you leave your last position ?
What are your salary expectations ?
Do you have any questions ?
Good afternoon , Peace Hotel , what can I do for you ?
Yes , that's right . Your room is a single one with a bath .
Fine , we will cancel it .
Where is that ?
Are you in a hurry ?
We'll make it except a jam.You know it's rush hour .
I'll do my best .
Do you have small bills ?
What are you doing , Steven ?
What will you bring along when traveling ?
Have you packed the camera yet ?
Pack some necessary medicine in your carry-on .
Is this taxi taken ?
Please take me to this address .
Jessie , I ’ m afraid I can ’ t come back home for dinner tonight .
I ’ m sorry . Our company has just opened . There are always too many things to handle . You know that .
I apologize . You have my word , I ’ ll spend some time with you on the weekend . I promise .
Ah ! No ! Damn it !
So what ? I just lost one hour's worth of work .
No , I didn't save this time.Damn it ! And I'm sick of writing this paper . Now I have to write it all over again too .
I hate computers . Sometimes I think they cause more trouble than they're worth .
I don't know . I feel like going out .
It doesn't matter . I still can go out and buy a beer .
Yes , that's true . Damn ! I just lost half my paper , and now I can't even do my homework.This is a bad time for this to happen .
Thanks . I think I will try . Where are you going ?
Maybe we can trade.Why don't you stay here and read for my exam , and I'll go drink beer ?
So ? You can go to the class for me.Just write my name on the exam book and take the exam . Why not ?
About fourteen .
Here's our sample room .
Yes . We are exporting a wide range of foodstuffs to many countries . And the demand is getting greater and greater.By the way , which items are you interested in ?
Yes . This way , please . Our shortbread is in a variety of flavors , such as almond , walnut , lotus seed , etc . And different packaging has different weights . We can make packages within a reasonable range of any size you require .
You are welcome to have a try . Here it is . Ours is of prime quality .
What happened to your car ?
Are they going to pay you for the damages ?
What the hell . That doesn't make sense . What are you going to do ?
That sucks . I'd be pissed if that happened to me .
Oh my gosh . Damn ... screw the court , I would burn down their store .
Can you pick up some things from the store for me ?
I need a few things , I'll give you the list .
Everything I need is on the list .
Since you asked , would you pick up my medicine from the pharmacy ?
I believe so .
I really appreciate you doing this for me .
Hi , boss . You wanted to see me ?
Excuse me ? I hope I didn't just hear what I think I just heard .
How often do you use the internet ?
Yes . I use it to find products and components at the lowest price for my company . It can be frustrating when the connection is poor .
Yes , I like the job though . Sometimes , I help other people in the office if they ’ re having trouble online .
I think it ’ s fairly useful , but there are two big problems . First , a lot of the information you find online is false . Second , when you buy something online , you don ’ t see it until you actually get it .
What's your favorite movie ?
Oh , why is that ?
That's true . It is a very funny movie .
Yes , I saw that movie the first day it came out in theaters .
Me too . That movie brought tears to my eyes .
I have it on DVD at my house if you want to come over and watch it .
Are you through with your meal ?
Here is your bill . 150 yuan in all .
No , I'm sorry we don't . We accept credit cards and cash .
OK . ( A few minutes later ) Sorry to keep you waiting . Here is your change .
I plan to add an introductory letter behind the resume to increase the probabilities of success in the interview .
I'm not sure of that . Do you know ?
Yes , I think so , too . I must introduce myself in truth .
So I should write my strengths in the introductory letter , especially those related to the work .
You are very nice to tell me those .
OK , I'm sorry it took so long .
The phone has been ringing off the hook today .
Do you have any plans for dinner tonight ?
I was thinking maybe we could make dinner together tonight . What do you think ?
I could teach you how to cook something healthy . Frozen pizza are so bad for you !
I recently saw a recipe for spicy chicken curry in a magadize . Maybe we could try that ?
I bought all the ingredients this morning , so let's start !
first , you need to wash the vegetables and then chop them into little pieces .
Yes . Once it gets hot , put a little oil in it , add the vegetables and stir-fry them for a few minutes .
That needs to be cut into thin strips about 3 cm long and then it can be stir-fried on its own until its cooked through .
I'll prepare that . Do you prefer white rice or brown rice ?
Manhattan Square , please .
Can you effect shipment during September ?
Then when at the earliest can we expect the shipment ?
It's too late . You see , in our market October is the season for the kind of commodity . So the goods must be shipped before October or we won't be ready for the season .
Thanks . Then may I suggest that you put down in the contract ' shipment on September 15 or earlier ' ?
What do you think of the acting of the two main actors in the film ?
Good afternoon , can I help you ?
I'm Kristy . Can I help ?
Oh , yes . Hello Mr Simons . I have some information about your L / C amendment . The negotiating bank has just informed us that the 3rd party does not wish to accept the amendment .
What would you like to drink ?
Wouldn't you like something to eat ?
First you add the washing powder then you add the clothes .
Yes , for the last 20 years .
Good afternoon . May I help you ?
May I see your ticket and passport , please ?
Please put your baggage on the scale .
Thirty two kilos .
No . They aren't .
Sure . But please attach this claim tag .
Here is your boarding pass .
Gate Four . Please go and have a seat in the waiting hall .
I think I've got a virus on my computer . Do you know how to get rid of it ? I haven't had one before .
I would like to order some internet today .
What kind of internet is there ?
Which of those two is best ?
So that one better ?
What do you mean by that ?
So then I can't use my phone if I'm on the internet ?
Hi there . How can I help ?
I see . And your company has a Wage Distribution Service Agreement with us ?
I wonder if you could do me a favor .
My printer is broken . Can you print up a copy for me ?
Please , you write much better than I do .
Were you late for work this morning ?
What did you say to your boss ?
Your boss was really nice .
Hello !
I'm sorry , I'm afraid you've dialed the wrong number . There is no Petti here .
I'm sure you have the wrong number . This one has been my number for more than 20 years .
No , It isn't . It's 736-4565 . It seems you've misdialed .
That's all right . This sort of thing happens all the time to everyone .
I would like to check out now.My room number is 712 .
Do you accept traveler's checks ?
Could you tell me a little about the organization ? For example , how big is your workforce here ?
I see . And how about the working hours ?
Well I am used to that , Mr . Parsons , so that ’ s not really a shock for me .
And when do you need to fill the vacancy , Mr . Parsons ?
First National Bank .
How can I help you ?
I'm calling about you appointment.Mr.Smith has to cancel all his appointments because he's got something urgent to attend to .
Anytime except today.Please give him a call before you come .
Hi , sir . Could you tell me where the Hilton Hotel is ?
Eh , let me see . Sorry , I can't remember it , because I've been there only once , accompanied by my friends .
A bookstore , probably . With a yellow and orange logo .
I remembered there is a very busy street several miles away . I waited for the traffic light for a very long time .
Oh , yeah , I got it , there is a bank My friend exchanged her money there .
Hi , can I help you ?
All right . If you need any help , just let me know . My name is Greg .
Did you find something you like ?
You are right . This is very good brand . It doesn't sag easily and we offer a lifetime warranty , so you don't have to worry about its quality .
Unfortunately , it doesn't . However we can give you a 10 % discount on the frame . We also offer a very good financing plan . There is no payment no interest until next June .
Oh ! My mouth is on fire !
I need more water !
It's your fault for mixing the two broths !
Excuse me ? How can I get to the nearest branch of the national bank ?
How far up the street are the traffic lights ?
Ok . So I turn right at the traffic lights . Then ?
Ok . Where do I go then ?
I am trying to see if I can afford to purchase a home that I wish to buy .
My wife and I earned one hundred and fifty thousand dollars last year .
I have been at my current job for 10 years .
I collect one thousand dollars a month from a rental property .
I try not to think about it !
Why should I buy this MD player ?
What else ?
But how's the sound quality ?
Is that it ?
May I fix an appointment with Dr.Cui ?
When will it be convenient for her ?
How about ten o'clock tomorrow ?
Poor Danny . You are so enfeebled !
Mom called just now saying that she and Dad will be back later . Do you want to speak to them on phone ?
Whatever . Have a drink of water .
Maybe later . I think we have a medicine-kit .
Probably on the of the cabinet . I'll go and get it .
Oh , here it is . Patulin . Oh , no !
Keep lying down . The matter is that all the medicine here is past expiration .
I ’ m interested in teaching at your school .
Yes .
I have a TEFL certificate .
I have three years of teaching ESL and four years of teaching per-school children .
I got my TEFL certificate three years ago .
Well , I ’ Ve heard many good things about it . I also like teaching young children .
Yes , just a little .
I sure can .
I want to know whether you can handle the matters of registered permanent residence .
I have no other questions . Thank you .
You have done an excellent job this year and we are pleased with the results .
As a result of your performance , we are happy to offer you the position of manager .
Yes , it does .
Your monthly gross salary will increase by $ 500 .
Can you believe that Obama was actually elected ?
I hope you voted for him .
Of course !
You do ?
Our country really could use some work .
I couldn ’ t agree more .
Hi , are you Catherine ?
Thanks , good to meet you , too .
Yes , and the food was horrible !
Great ! How will we be getting there ?
Hello , Arthur . What seems to be the problem ?
Sounds like you may be far-sighted . OK , then cover your left eye and read the chart in front of you .
Wow , Arthur ! You ’ re as blind as a bat !
Ok then , head on over to the other room and pick out some frames while I fill out your prescription .
Did you need help with something ?
I can help you with that .
I work here .
May I see your ID ?
All right , here is your ballot card .
Go to a voting booth and vote .
Are you looking for shoes ?
What about this brown one ?
Hello , who is speaking , please ?
Oh , good . Let me get a pencil and take down the information . Well , go ahead , please .
What time does it leave ?
That is good .
That's right .
Those are in the non-smoking section , aren't they ?
Fine , thank you very much .
Sure . They are my kids , Alex and Kathy Stern .
It has just occurred to me that there is still another possibility to ensure a prompt delivery of the goods .
How about making Hong Kong the port of shipment instead of New York ?
It's like this . There are only one or two ships sailing a month from New York to Osaka , while sailings from Hong Kong are quite frequent . If shipment were effected from Hong Kong , we could receive the goods much earlier .
Yes , exactly , because I want these goods on our market at the earliest possible date .
It sounds all right to me , but I will have to think about it . I'll give you a definite answer tomorrow . If I choose Seattle , will it be possible for you to ship the goods by the end of March ?
I ’ m so sorry to call you on such short notice , but something ’ s come up .
That ’ s right I ’ m afraid I have to postpone it . Mr . Scott got sick and I have to attend the Speechmaker ’ s Symposium in his place . I ’ m leaving today , and I won ’ t be back until a week from Friday .
That will be great . So it ’ s two weeks from tomorrow , same time and place . I ’ m really sorry to do this to you .
Would you show me some table-cloths ?
How much is it ?
That ’ s reasonable .
I'm planning to buy a bicycle . As you are quite a cycling enthusiast , I wish you might give me some advice .
My purposes are two-fold . On the one hand , I've grown bored of commuting on suffocating buses every day and decided to ride to work . On the other hand , bicycling is a sport , and I intend to build up my body through constantly taking a ride over the weekends .
Does that make any difference ?
Are they designed differently ?
I would like to pick a time to look at houses with you .
It is easier for me to take off work in the afternoon .
Because of work , I can only go look at houses on the weekend .
If you could pick me up at home , that would be great .
That might be a little too much , but we ’ ll see how it goes .
Mrs . Lee , I ’ Ve stayed here for almost a week . And I really must leave tomorrow .
Thank you . You ’ Ve been so nice to me .
No , thanks . You ’ Ve done a lot for me already . Thank you for everything .
Mr . Black ? I'm from the Pacific Mechanical Company .
Thank you .
For wood or for metal ?
Yes , we have a showroom not far away from here , Mr . Black . Are you free now ?
Fine . Then , shall we go right away ? I have a car outside .
Shit , so crowded !
Things change every minute .
I'd like to have this shirt washed and ironed .
Yes , heavy starch in the collar please .
I also have a suit to be dry-cleaned . Can I fetch it the day after tomorrow ? It's urgent .
Could you please tell me when your laundry opens and closes ?
I see .
Hello . Is this Ann ?
Yes , it's me .
No . Worse than that . I have a flu . I'm in bed with a fever .
I'd like to do it , of course . But I just can't . I'm afraid I'd fall down in the middle of it .
Why not just tell him I'm sick ? I'll ring him myself this afternoon .
Not yet . I feel too lousy to go out.Anyway , I have a flu . I know what it is . I don't need a doctor to tell me that .
I'm not sure yet.Maybe this will all be gone in a day . So it's probably better if you don't call off my appointments . I will call you later this afternoon and tell you what I think .
Yes , that's what I plan to do . Except I won't make the chicken soup.Right now I don't think I could swallow more than a spoonful of it .
Yeah , I'm very nauseous . It's mostly nausea and a fever .
Thanks , Ann . Talk to you this afternoon .
I don't have any more cash , and I have to get on another bus to get home .
I wanted some chips at lunch today , so I spent it .
I know.Do you have some change I can borrow ?
I need to get home .
I don't have money for a transfer .
Really ? oh ! I'm glad you let me know .
We're going to have to postpone the meeting .
Can you recognize Mike's father in the crowd ?
Do you know what you're going to do this weekend ?
I don't know .
Do you know what movie you're going to watch ?
None that I can think of .
Thank you for inviting me , but I think I'll pass .
What is this ? I didn't order that .
I've ordered savory pork and coleslaw .
Hey ! What is this ?
Oh , Is that what this is ?
No , don't replace it . Give a refund .
Oh , really ? Give me a clam soup .
Thank you .
How are you doing today ?
What can I do for you ?
Is there a problem ?
How much did you write it out for ?
How much was it supposed to be ?
I ’ ll cancel that check for you .
It's nice of you to see me off .
Thanks . Stop here now .
OK , I will . Goodbye and remember to look me up if ever you're in Paris .
OK , bye for now !
How was your flight from Hong Kong ?
Pardon me . Please speak a little louder .
Sure . What else can I do for you ?
Mr . McKenna , do you have a second ? I need to talk to you about something .
Well , I was just wondering . . . you see , I know I ’ Ve used up all my vacation days this year , but my sister is getting married , and the wedding is overseas , and , well . . .
Well , sir , I was just hoping that I might be able to take some unpaid leave this year .
I was thinking of taking off from September first until the thirtieth . Would you be okay with that ?
how can I help you ?
do you know what kind of scent she usually wears ?
ok , here are some of our most popular perfumes .
personally , I quite like the new perfume by Clinique . It's a subtle flowery scent . What do you think ?
would you like to buy any other cosmetics for your girlfriend ? We have a full range of products from cosmetics to skin cleansers and moisturizers .
how about some lipstick ? Every woman needs a nice tube of red lipstick .
how about some mascara ? That will make her eyes look bigger .
I know what she would like---some whitening cream .
will that be all then ?
Hello . Is there a room available tonight ?
I ’ d like a twin room , please .
What's wrong , Lisa ? You keep pacing back and forth .
What are your plans for the future if you are hired ?
Do you have any short-term goals ?
Would you like me to go into a little more detail about the free services we can offer you ?
No problem . First of all , we can provide a business licence . Secondly , Enterprise ID Certificates , Forex registration and ...
Could you please reserve a taxi for me ?
A private vehicle ? No , thanks , I won't need one .
T A X I , please .
Rockefeller Center . Can you get the taxi here immediately , please ?
Good . I'll get my coat and come downstairs .
I need to purchase some business cards .
I think 2,000 would be fine .
I want the new cards to be exactly like this card .
... Okay , I'm done . Here's the form and my old card .
You know , I think it would be better if I could pick it up in three days .
I have read your notice on the wall so I come to see if there is anything I need .
How much is the desk ?
Excuse me . I'm looking for Bluemingdails . Could you tell me how to get there ?
Left the next junction . Ok .
Steward !
May I have a magazine or something ?
One in English , please .
Operator , I want to make a correct oversea phone call to Beijing .
Rachel Jason .
The code is 880 , the area code is 010 , and the local number is 8824578 4
Manicole Tan .
Ok , thank you .
Excuse me , when is the next train to Los Angeles ?
Can I get the ticket here ?
Hello , Walter ?
I was wondering if you wanted to go for a walk with us .
Oh , man . I hope you get to feeling better .
OK , then . I'll be there in a minute .
I'm in the bathroom .
Gross . Diarrhea ?
OK , whatever , I don't want to hear about it . I'll call the doctor for you .
Enough . I don't want to hear any more about your bathroom time .
Are you sure you want to go ?
Bell Computers Limited , can I help you ?
Hold on please .
Yes , can you please let him know I called and ask him to call me back as soon as he can ? My name's Mary , and I'm calling from Happy Travel . My number is 123 456 789 .
Yes , 123 456 789 , Mary from Happy Travel . Have you got that ?
Great . Thanks .
No , that's it . Thanks . Bye .
OK , Tom . It's your turn . Are you ready ?
Come on ! In the two hours we've been here , you haven't sung even one song !
Well , you asked for it . Why don't you put on an Elvis song for him ? He loves ' The King ' .
Say , what's you favorite sport ?
Do you know how to skate , like a skater ?
Are you aware of the reason why I pulled you over ?
I pulled you over because your brake light is out .
I have to write you a ticket .
I'm not going to be able to do that .
You'll find that out on your court date .
That's how it works .
Can I help you , sir ?
OK , take a seat please , sir . First of all , can you show me your ID please ?
OK , could you please tell me what your backpack looks like ?
Mmm ... does it zip closed ?
OK , can you tell me the distinguishing features of this backpack ?
So what's it , sir ?
OK , can you name the items in it ?
OK , sir , I'm sure it's your bag . Thank you for your cooperation . You can have it now .
Can I help you , sir ?
OK , take a seat please , sir . First of all , can you show me your ID please ?
OK , could you please tell me what your backpack looks like ?
Mmm ... does it zip closed ?
OK , can you tell me the distinguishing features of this backpack ?
So what's it , sir ?
OK , can you name the items in it ?
OK , sir , I'm sure it's your bag . Thank you for your cooperation . You can have it now .
do you like cooking , Julia ?
how often do you usually cook ?
that's a lot of cooking . You must save a lot of money by eating at home so much .
what kind of dishes do you usually make ?
do you make a lot of traditional British food ?
how about spicy food ?
what's your favorite dish to make ?
Excuse me . Does this train go to Brooklyn ?
Do you know when it leaves ?
I need to find a new furniture set for my living room .
I have no idea .
Where did you get it from ?
How much did it cost you ?
Is the furniture sturdy ?
I don't mind paying a lot as long as the quality is good .
I would like to make an offer on this house , but I don ’ t know much about the process .
I really like the house and will pay the full asking price of three hundred and fifty thousand dollars .
That sounds good , but I don ’ t want this house to get away from me .
When will we know if they accept the offer ?
Should I be contacting my bank in the meantime ?
Now let's talk about your interests and hobbies .
You have a colorful life .
How do you usually spend your time after work ?
What kind of books interests you most ?
You seem to be a man of imagination and logic .
If so , you can benefit a lot from them .
Actually , I was wondering what we should do if either one of us would like to terminate the contract ?
I got it , but nevertheless . what I was saying just now was that how to terminate the contract before its term's up ?
Hello Mr Fang ! It's good to see you again . What can we do for you today ?
That shouldn't be a problem , Mr Fang . Have you got your Certificate of Use of Foreign Exchange Account and the Foreign Exchange Account Opening Notice with you ? Our most widely used currencies are US dollar , Japanese yen and Hong Kong dollar .
We will transact this for you as soon as we can after the materials you have given me have been checked and verified .
Housekeeping , may I help you ?
May I have your room number , please ?
505 . Let me check it out . Just a moment , please . I'm sorry . You're right . We have found your sweater . We made a mistake delivering the laundry . We'll send it up to your room at once . We're very sorry for the inconvenience
Dick , I ’ Ve decided not to rent that house .
I ’ Ve changed my mind .
Well , I think maybe I should find a house that is closer to where I work .
Hello . 9-1- 1 . Can I help you ?
What happened ?
Give me your address .
All right . The police and an ambulance are on the way . In the meantime , find a clean cloth and press it firmly over the wound . This will slow the bleeding .
Could you do me a favor ?
Could you run over to the store ? We need a few things .
Well , could you pick up some sugar ?
A small bag . I guess we also need a few oranges .
Oh , let's see . . . About six .
Yes . We're out of milk .
No . I think a half gallon will be enough .
I think so . Have you got all that ?
Do you have enough money ?
How far is it from here to the airport ?
I need to get there before ten.Can we make it ?
Hello , I bought a pen in your shop just before .
Now I came back to the hotel and try to show it to my friend , the pen is broken , I am afraid .
Would you change it to a new one ?
Yes , I do .
Do you have any seats available ?
What's the special today ?
Then give me a large one and an egg drop soup .
Uncle Ben , how did the Forbidden City get this name ?
His residence ? You mean the whole palace ?
Oh , unbelievable . This was too luxurious .
OK , then . I love these unique structured towers with the delicate carvings on them . It's really artistic .
I agree . It's definitely a product of wisdom . Well , why were those small animal sculptures placed on the tops of the buildings ?
Why are there so many yellow things ? Is yellow the lucky color in China ?
Just like the pattern dragon , right ?
Oh , it's really fabulous . I wanna take a picture here .
May I help you , sir ?
Take a look at the ones on display , please .
Could I have the check , please ?
