You know that is tempting but is really not good for our fitness .
Do you really think so ? I don't . It will just make us fat and act silly . Remember last time ?
I suggest a walk over to the gym where we can play singsong and meet some of our friends .
Sounds great to me ! If they are willing , we could ask them to go dancing with us.That is excellent exercise and fun , too .
All right .
Of course I can . It's a piece of cake ! Believe it or not , I can do 30 push-ups a minute .
You mean 30 push-ups ?
It's easy . If you do exercise everyday , you can make it , too .
No , I listen to background music .
The radio has too many comerials .
I will be all right soon . I was terrified when I watched them fall from the wire .
I see .
Yeah , I just got them . I started playing ice hockey in a community league . So , I finally got myself new skates .
I ’ m a defender . It ’ s a lot of fun . You don ’ t have to be able to skate as fast on defense .
Oh , yeah ? Which team ?
Really ? I think we play you guys next week . Well , I have to go to practice . See you later .
I ’ m looking at my horoscope for this month ! My outlook is very positive . It says that I should take a vacation to someplace exotic , and that I will have a passionate summer fling !
It ’ s a prediction of your month , based on your zodiac sign . You have a different sign for the month and date you were born in . I was born on April 15th , so I ’ m an Aries . When were you born ?
Let ’ s see . . . you ’ re a Capricorn . It says that you will be feeling stress at work , but you could see new , exciting developments in your love life . Looks like we ’ ll both have interesting summers !
No , it ’ s not , your astrology sign can tell you a lot about your personality . See ? It says that an Aries is energetic and loves to socialize .
A Capricorn is serious-minded and practical . She likes to do things in conventional ways . That sounds just like you !
Is he really ?
Who is he marring ?
Have they set a date for the wedding ?
That ’ s right , we bought it the same day we came on the market .
It ’ s a wonderful Spanish style .
And it ’ s a bargaining . A house like this in river side costs double the price .
No , it has three bedrooms and three beds , and has a living room with a twelve-foot ceiling . There ’ s a two-car garage .
Yeas , when will you buy a house ?
Right , congratulations .
Not much , except that my mother-in-law is driving me up the wall .
She loves to nit-pick and criticizes everything that I do . I can never do anything right when she's around .
Well , last week I invited her over to dinner . My husband and I had no problem with the food , but if you listened to her , then it would seem like I fed her old meat and rotten vegetables . There's just nothing can please her .
It's not just that . She also criticizes how we raise the kids .
You said she used to ? How did you stop her ?
That sounds like a good idea . I'll have to try that .
I hate to admit it , but they're good . And fast . The Filipino kid is a genius .
It'll be close , but we'll make it .
And if we don't need them , we won't need Zina , either .
Yes . I like cooking very much . I got this hobby when I was 12 years sold .
I have no idea . I like cooking by myself . I like to taste delicious food .
And I love trying new recipes , which I usually test with my friends . You can come , too .
Certainly .
I'm in the kitchen ... let yourself in !
I know . I've even worked up a sweat .
Thanks . I just got back from summer camp .
Great . I got to try so many things for the first time .
I went sailing , fishing , and horseback riding .
The counselors were so nice too . It was the best summer ever . Except for all those mosquitoes !
It ’ s good . But to tell you the truth , I don ’ t wear perfume .
That ’ s all right . Thank you all the same .
All right , Bill.Here ' s your daily exercise schedule . You are to jog before breakfast .
Then , you are to walk to work .
Thirty minutes in gym at lunch time .
Use the stairs , never the elevator .
And three times a week , you can either swim , play racketball , or hand ball .
OK , you can stop now.It ' s time for the dance class .
You will .
Oh where was that ?
Grannie always tries to stay fit and healthy.She is always making us kids eat the proper foods .
She will be 86 next month .
No problem , what class would you like to take ?
There are two classes that are still open .
The first class is a Tuesday and Thursday class from two to three .
The other class is on Monday and Wednesday from 10 am - 12 .
I'm positive .
Okay , I'll sign you up .
Honey , a typhoon is coming .
Jenny , come and help , we need to prepare more food .
Nice to meet you , Lean . My name is Alike . I'm from Japan .
A second language is always difficult .
A crazy language ? Why do you say that ?
No wonder you say English is a crazy language .
I hope so . I'm looking for some material for a paper I'm writing , and I'm not quite sure where to look .
My paper is on the influence of television on children .
Thank you for you help .
Yeah , Cal Ripen just hit a home run .
Well it was 3 to 4 , but Ripen ’ s home run made it 5 to 4 since another player was on first base .
Right .
Yeah , there isn ’ t a bad seat in the place .
It was a great idea to spend a day watching a game .
Perfect . It really hits the spot .
Sorry , I don't smoke .
Were you ? your performance was excellent .
Sure . Which button do I press to shoot ?
Do I have to focus it ?
All right . Say cheese !
Yeah , we don ’ t live in the vacuum . We have traditional values and long but different history .
But there is always somebody who wants to turn his back on the true history .
I like traveling for pleasure to get places for vacation for instance . But I don ’ t like traveling to work , waiting for buses , or ...
Exactly .
I do wish I could afford one .
Of course I know that . But don't you notice that the house price is skyrocketing ?
How do you do , Ms . Yang.You speak very good English .
Where did you learn it ?
It's amazing .
White , please
I don't like Folk music very much .
I like classical music . Do you ?
I don't believe you .
You are funny !
I like playing chess .
I'm afraid not .
Oh , yes . I like playing basketball .
Because I like the feeling of cooperating with others .
Haven't you heard that he is in prison ?
John is in prison now . He was copped outstealing .
I hope so . I'm looking for some material for a paper I'm writing , and I'm not quite sure where to look .
My paper is on the influence of television on children .
Thank you for you help .
Well , I have the day off from work .
Well , I ’ Ve been working so hard lately , so I ’ ll probably just take it easy .
Yeah , I ’ ll probably just stay in and relax . Maybe watch a few movies .
Sure . Any time .
Yes , I do . I think that science is making us wiser . What do you think ?
I believe industry is making us wealthier .
And in my opinion , medicine is making us healthier .
I don ’ t agree with you . I maintain that we ’ re healthier , wealthier and wiser than we were a hundred years ago .
I want to have a picnic with my friends , Mum .
OK , Mum . I'll invite my friends home .
I would like to return this book .
I also want to check out this video .
That ’ s all I need .
Here it is .
That won ’ t be a problem .
I won ’ t damage it .
It's us .
Well , you always say you're busy .
And you often go back to live with your parents and leave our son in the room by himself .
Oh I remember , I cut terrible calls , and you didn't say anything about it .
Totally not . Perhaps it's about our marriage .
I think I've caught a cold . Now I'm aching all over .
Thank you . I suppose I should go to see a doctor .
Great idea ! Peter , I could use the drink .
Sounds good . The food there is fantastic , too .
excellent ! That sounds like a plan .
Well . My watch says five past two . But it ’ s no use rely on it because it has been gaining and losing these last a few days .
Yes . I will .
sure . My mom has been working on our family tree for years . She ’ s always updating it .
I can show it to you now , if you like . I think it goes back about 8 generations so far .
I ’ Ve got 30 cousins on my mom ’ s side and 10 cousins on my dad ’ s side .
the ones that are my age are close relatives . Now that I ’ m older , I don ’ t spend as much time with them as I used to , so I don ’ t know my younger cousins as well as the older ones .
it ’ s definitely my mother . And , her mother is definitely the matriarch of the bigger family .
at first , she was quite critical of her , but now that they ’ Ve been married for a few years , she ’ s starting to accept the fact that my father divorced my mother .
Sounds interesting , I haven't gone boating for some time now , and what time ?
Sure . Where shall I meet you ?
Great . I look forward to meeting you .
See you .
Yes , it's so exciting , though I had the most falls in our skiing team .
Of course there is . The top-level coaches there are from the State Sports General Administration .
Yes.My face even ached in the icy wind .
I was skiing on and on excitedly until I realized one thing-I could not stop ! You can just imagine how terrified I was .
Yeah . I have got much pressure in the company . I have tobe wrapped upon my work .
Thank you . I will .
About David ? No , I didn ’ t hear anything .
Sorry , I don ’ t quite follow you .
Oh , that is a shame . He is really hard working .
I usually ride my bike . Which form of transport do you prefer to use ?
I think we should discourage people from using their private cars . They produce too much pollution !
cars might be convenient , but they're so bad for the environment .
no . I used to have one though . Once I started using my bicycle to get around , I found that I didn't really need it .
you could try . It would save you a lot of money .
if you got to class by riding a bicycle every day instead of driving , you will get lots of exercise , too !
let's go to a car dealership . I'll help you try to sell your car for a good price .
His nose is out of joint because we forgot to invite him to the party .
Study , study , study . I want to learn a lot .
Yes . I am going to take some university courses there .
Yes , but I think it's probably for the best .
Hey , I am a pretty cool guy . I will make friends , and I'll have a lot of extracurricular activities too . You know , like fencing , or theater or something .
Well , do you think I have to ?
Please look at the sky.Don ' t you see the dark clouds ? It's going to rain soon .
But I don't think it's so nice .
The weather report says it's going to rain for a whole week .
Yeah , this one closes at ten . We could drive to the 24 - hour store on sixth .
I wish the store close to us was open 24 - house a day .
Yeah , and the prices there are very high .
You can count on it .
I like him.He ' s good for her .
First we will go to the city centre and stop for something to drink . Then we will visit the University Museum .
There is a coffee shop round the corner . Can you see that big building at the end of the road ?
That is a bank . The coffee shop is opposite the bank .
A stop ! Wait for the lights to turn green .
Sorry . How far is the museum ?
Here we are . You find us a table and I'll get the drinks .
That's great . What's on tonight ?
Romantic ? I am afraid I like thrillers better .
On the contrary , very exciting .
Are you sick ?
He ’ ll finish writing in a minute .
Really ? Are you sure ?
Yeah but , it is something that you will have forever ! They use indelible ink that can only be removed with laser treatment . On top of all that , I have heard it hurts a lot !
Of course ! They use this machine with a needle that pokes your skin and inserts the ink .
I think you should reconsider and do some more research about tattoos . Also , find out where the nearest tattoo parlor is and make sure they used sterilized needles , and that the place is hygienic .
It's a portable TV . It's a popular thing now .
News about current affairs , documentaries , music , movies , noncommercial ads and so on .
Yes , there are something good and informative . I think that many people underestimate the value of TV in education .
Of course . Because the TV stations need to make money from commercials between the programs .
Not always . It depends on the transmission of the satellite signals .
Yes , 50 Yuan per month .
How dreadful !
Oh , dear . That ’ s terrible . Not at all what I expected .
I can ’ t bear to look at it . I ’ m rather disappointed .
Well , I like playing the violin .
About ten years so far . I started learning when I was in middle school .
Sure . So what about you ? Do you have any hobbies ?
Of course it does . Everybody has his own hobby .
Don't worry , you'll find a way .
How can you live without job in the future ?
I like baseball and basketball .
In my country football is brand new , so I never learned the game when I was younger .
Yeah . I heard a lot about it . Is it really that fun ?
Are you a football player ?
What is two hand touch and flag football ?
I see . It's safer then right ?
I'll give it a try . Give me a call and let's go down together .
Great .
My parents called . As usual , they reminded me again that I should have a plan to marry by my late 20s . Easier said then done . Who should I marry ? I have no time to go on a date .
I will find one myself , of course . I ’ m a modern girl .
You mean dozens of the opposite sex meet each other for three minutes in a dimly bar serving alcohol , I hate that idea .
I don ’ t think it makes sense . Three minutes is such a short time .
Anyway , I don ’ t want to post my face up for sale on the internet like that .
I don ’ t want to post my personal information on the internet . I ’ m not knowing who is reading it .
I was thinking about it . Are you ?
Really ? Well , what time does it start ?
Well , who all is going to be there ?
How do you know it's going to be so fun ?
Wow , that does sound like it's going to be fun .
Yeah , I will be there .
Step into my office for a moment . What is your concern ?
Let's go on the computer to see what's up . Do you think you are doing well ?
I can see that you are trying , but where do you think you could improve ?
Having a regular study routine and following it is very important , right ?
Thanks for stopping by !
Thanks .
What happened ? Quarrel again ?
Don't ask me . I don't wanna be involved in your quarrel .
What ? What did you buy ?
What is it ? Why did you buy a brick ?
And ?
And it's a brick ?
I can't believe how stupid you are . Why didn't you open the box ?
So he had the boxes wrapped in plastic .
But why would a guy be selling new video cameras for twenty dollars ?
Aha ! Now I understand.You were trying to buy stolen goods on the sidewalk.So , what I think is , you deserve to get cheated !
That's no problem.He just has a friend who works in a shop that can do plastic wrap . That's easy.And probably it's the same shop he got the boxes from.Maybe his friend works in an electronics store . They sell video cameras there.Probably they had a couple video camera boxes lying around.So they get the idea of wrapping bricks to sell to fools like you.Twenty dollars a brick . That's a good profit if they can sell enough bricks .
I'm afraid it gains a little .
Two .
Just so so . Last night I met this great guy at the bar and we had such a wonderful time , so we decided to meet again tonight .
Well , I didn't think so at first . But as we started talking , I found him extremely funny and witty . I couldn't stop laughing at his jokes ! And we have so much in common . We like the same team , music , and most amazingly , we both love Chinese food ! I have the feeling that we are going to be great friends .
There's nothing definite I think . I don't have a list or anything , but when I first meet somebody , I can usually tell whether or not that person is going to be a good friend . It seems I have radar helping me spot new friends .
I agree . You can't expect a close relationship with a dishonest person . Those are the people that will turn their back on you when you are in need .
Yeah , my head hurts , that ’ s all . I ’ Ve been in physics class all day . It ’ s killer !
Yeah , yeah , but today ’ s lesson was all about the creation of the universe .
It ’ s all religion . Take the theory of the Big Bang.How is it possible that all of the stuff in the universe comes from an explosion ? That ’ s no better than Atlas carrying the globe on his back or African myths about turtles and stuff .
Math , sheath . What ’ s the evidence ?
Anyway , it ’ s just a theory . Why do people go around touting theories ? Where ’ s the scientific rigor in that ?
I think lifelong learning is the concept that it's never too soon or too late for learning
I don't think so . I think it's about your attitude towards learning . One should be open to new ideas , decisions , skills or behaviors .
You're right . Lifelong learning is about finding learning opportunities at all ages and in numerous contexts
Me too . To keep up with the changing world , one must be involved in lifelong learning and be ready to accept new things .
Really ? That's great ! I know that your company has a lot of clients in France .
Nine ... but I'll be ten on May 1st.When is your birthday ?
Are you going to have a birthday party ?
Hi honey ! What ’ s wrong ? Why do you have that look on your face ?
No ! I said I was going to cut down which is very different . You can ’ t just expect me to go cold turkey overnight !
I know , I know . I am trying but , I don ’ t have the willpower to just quit . I can ’ t fight with the urge to reach for my pack of smokes in the morning with coffee or after lunch ! Please understand ?
It's freezing .
I get antsy not because you praise a guy , but because you may be taken for a ride by a guy like him .
Because you seem to have lost your vigilance . You should be on the watch out .
Isn't there anything that sounds fishy ?
All-right guy ? All right . Let's talk about something else instead .
I think so . Maybe that ’ s why it ’ s cheap here .
Sure , I have . Will you join ?
You are right . Our company ’ s Christmas party has always been an amazing occasion for everybody to relax and get to know each other better . It is also a time to make new friends and do some networking .
No , it will not be formal at all . It is a fun time . You will love the game show . Please dress casually . Usually there is an over abandon of drinks , so be careful with that .
I hope not . Then we'd have to reschedule our baseball game .
The tall one ? Sure , that's Drive , he works with Lily .
I'm not sure , he is a manager I think .
Well , he has already taken you know , that's his wife right there .
I'm sorry to have made you disappointed .
Was I ? Sorry , I didn ’ t mean to be . I do apologize .
Forgive me darling . I'm very tired .
Yes , I did . But I feel tired today .
Well , on Saturday I cleaned the house and played tennis . Then on Sunday I hiked in the country .
Yeah . I studied on Sunday evening . What about you ?
That sounds like fun , but did you exercise ?
What's the route ?
If only I could join it !
Oh , dear .
Oh , well , I looked around . There wasn't any other space . I waited a while and nobody came . I'm sorry if I've taken your place .
I ’ m not sure , but probably about 75 years . How about in your country ?
I heard that the government might need to increase the retirement age , because otherwise there will not be enough workers to support the young and the elderly .
Did she ? That ’ s great . However , if we have too many children , that will have a bad effect on the enviroment .
Oh , he ’ s fine . Kids seem to grow up very quickly nowadays .
I had mine when I was 24 . that ’ s a little young . I ’ d suggest you wait until you are in your late twenties . , or even in your early thirties if you have a good career .
Is there a big generation gap between parents and their children in you country ?
Parents usually give their children more freedom in my country . Sometimes they give them too much freedom .
Have you ever been to America ?
You'd like it .
Julie ! It's good to see you again . How have you been ?
Really ? How was it ?
I hear the beaches in Thailand are beautiful .
I do like Thai food . Did you see much of Bangkok ?
I know what you mean . I could use a vacation myself .
Yeah , it sure would .
Yes , I ’ m the manager here . What can I do for you , Madam ?
Which room are you in ?
I ’ m awfully sorry to hear that . I ’ ll turn to it right away .
Isn't it just great ! I just knew I'd win !
Not only that !
OK , OK . I'll whisper it to you , but you have to promise not to tell anyone !
I'm very sorry I can't .
I've been snowed under with since my bosses away on business .
Not bad.Thank you for your help . I am always busy with this job , I feel a bit tired .
I also feel that work efficiency here is very high . and you have strong working ability and professional skill , it seems that you know all , that's really wonderful !
That's right , I have to work hard .
Sorry , I'm engaged for the foxtrot.Will the next Walls be all right ?
No , please feel free .
Do you work in Shanghai ?
No , I'm a tourist . This place is amazing ! It's much bigger than I imagined , and much more exciting ! There's so much to see here .
Um , well let's see ... I'm from Kansas originally . A much quieter and more peaceful place than here , that's for sure !
Wow ! So many people in the United States get divorced !
I don't think so . In Korea some marriages break up , but most couples stay together .
Not really . Very few people get married beforethe age of 20 .
No , a lot of women stay home and take care of their families . But some work .
The beauty under the tree ?
She is a young man !
Oh , over there in Pacific Pavilion .
Yeah , that's it .
I'm going to graduate this summer .
I'm planning to return to China after graduation .
Well , I think personal development is much more important than simply having a superior living environment .
Oh , yes . I love playing badminton , table tennis and computer games . And playing the games has become my favorite .
I'm no better than them . They say it's mindless to sit in front of a machine all the time , but I think it's stimulating .
Once in a while .
I hope I can practice self-control again .
It ’ s a story about a policemen who is investigating a series of strange murders . I play the part of the detective . He has to catch the killer , but there ’ s very little evidence . It ’ s a psychological th
I have had disagreement with every director . I ’ Ve worked with . We ’ Ve always disagreed in a friendly way and we have always resolved our differences . It was the same when I made this movie . I don ’ t no
Not at all . The feedback from audience has been great . I care about what they think more than what the critics think .
I wanted to , but my insurance company wouldn ’ t let me . All of my stunts were done by a stuntman . As you know , I used to do my own stunts , but I ’ ll leave that to the experts in future .
My pleasure . Have you seen the movie yet ?
She's my grandma .
92 .
Hold on . We will be successful right away .
I love stir fry crispy bitesize vegetables covered in a mixture of soy sauce and oyster sauce . Wilted greens and fresh bean sprouts . Throw in some onion and garlic and ginger ! Mmm ! Mmm ! It ’ s almost lunchtime . I would die for a plate of stir fry right now !
What ? You call that a stir fry ? More meat than vegetables ? That ’ s the worst insult you could throw at a Chinese stir fry . What a disgrace to the wok she fried it in ! What you had is equivalent to a fajita without the wrap !
I said it's a lovely day . Why don't we go for a walk ?
Come on ! A little labor , much health .
Don't take too long . It would be a shame not to take advantage of such lovely weather .
I Believe I will . Look for me near the lake .
Don ’ t worry about it , I ’ ll call my friend and have him take care of it . I can ’ t believe he was stalking you all these years . What a nut job !
Don ’ t apologize ! From the moment I met you , not a day has gone by when I haven ’ t thought of you.And now that I ’ m with you again , I ’ m ... I ’ m just scared , Veronica . The closer I get to you , the worse it gets . The thought of not being with you , I mean , I just can ’ t handle it ! We were made for each other , Veronica . You are my everything , my soul mate . What can I do ?
I ’ m so happy to hear that ! I knew we belong together . I love you so much .
As long as it doesn't take too long .
Was he upset when you told him you had to leave this weekend ?
So what's the problem ?
it's ok . It seems we have a lot in common .
he is tall and slim , fair-haired .
he is a nice guy and very considerate . I was impressed with how smart he was and he has a great sense of humor .
he didn't say , but he said he would call me .
oh , steve . Stop it ! I am a bit nervous ! What if he doesn't call ?
thank you , Steve . You're always so encouraging .
It was a nightmare .
Actually , the business trip itself was very successful . We arrived on time , we had nice conversations and we settled some important issues for the next year .
Well , the air line lost my luggage on the return flight and then I lost my carry on bag when I was tackling with the officers in charge . I left the airport three hours later than I expected and then I was caught in a traffic jam . When I finally got home , I was totally exhausted . But I found the elevator was out of service due to a blackout .
I am still waiting for their call .
Yes , The SARS epidemic is not under effective control yet . So I'd better not risk it .
You are right . Maybe we should work out a fitness plan and start to do more exercise . Sitting around in the office all day is no way of keeping fit .
I really like the straight legs .
I don't like the way they sag down . I feel like I have plumber butt in them .
What if someone got it in their head to give them a tug ? What then ?
If you ask me , it's a walking invitation !
Oh ! ! My car isn't working . I'm waiting for a tow-truck .
Yes , my wife is coming to get me .
No , we live in the suburbs . What about you ?
Do you have a car ?
You're lucky !
Yes . to our first anniversary and many more to come . Cheers !
Well , it's a special day . They say if you survive the first year , the rest is smooth sailing .
I requested it . What do you say ? Do you have your dancing shoes on ?
I want to have a picnic with my friends , Mum .
OK , Mum . I'll invite my friends home .
No.thanks . I'm full .
I'd love to .
That's OK with me .
Oh , uh ... Thanks . Henry , do you have a light ?
Thanks . Lovely day . Pity I ’ m on duty .
Oh , no . I couldn ’ t possibly .
Hi Jack , I'm working on these documents . The manager wants them for half an hour .
Is there something any need ?
Yes , I have nothing to do .
I beg your pardon ?
Really ? well , ok , you're welcome .
Hmm , how about seven ? I can treat you to dinner .
OK . Then I'll be expecting you .
You have 16 balls on the table , 7 solid colored , 7 striped colored , a black 8 ball , and the white ball .
You hit the white ball with your cue . The white ball hits the colored balls . And you want to get the colored balls into the pockets .
At the beginning , it does not matter , but once someone gets one ball in , it is set .
The black ball has to be the final ball in the pockets .
I'd enjoy that .
OK . I'll see you then .
Me , too , I can ’ t stop scratching . They are everywhere ! Sneaky little jerks .
No , I forgot to buy some .
We can cover ourselves with beer ! That way if they bite us , they ’ ll get drunk and fall asleep .
Run ! They are thirsty for more !
I've tried , but I can't stand the bald man talking so loudly in the program .
Don't be so irritable . I just don't understand the program , that's all .
Ok . I will wait until you have had your fun , if that's what you want .
Ha ! It's not like you've ever been one to beat around the bush .
No , seriously . . . I really want this .
I know . But things have changed . I guess I've settled down .
It seems quite normal to me . It is pretty much what I want to do .
It is different now . The world is becoming colorful . Some of my friends don't feel the same pressure to marry . We all want to wait for the right moment .
Let the universe find us instead of forcing love . We prefer natural love . The most important thing is to be happy . Love will find us later . That is what we say .
Yes , of course.It was nice to see you .
I'm afraid so .
Winning is a piece of cake to me .
Well , the state will benefit a lot , I suppose .
Ah , it ’ s hard to say .
of course . Is the dinner still on ?
we were planning on walking both ways since the weather is still nice .
it can't be that bad .
really ? I never would have guessed . The criminals must only come out in the evenings , because I've never noticed anything strange when I've been at your house in the daytime .
ok , we will . How do you get around in the evenings ?
has anything else happened to you ?
well , we'll be careful . Thanks for letting me know .
Why doesn't he ask her ?
He's a chicken guy .
Yeah . Li Na's mother has been building a fire under her since her neighbour's daughter got married with a Canadian . She's almost driving Li Na crazy .
She is as meek as a lamb . She never goes against anyone or anything . She's as good as gold , you know ?
Haven't you heard that he is in prison ?
John is in prison now.He was copped outstealing .
I need to use the Internet .
Yes , I do .
That ’ s fine .
Then what ?
How do I log on to the computer ?
Thanks . I ’ ll be sitting over there .
Thank you.But does it really look all right ?
Then does it go well with my sweater ?
Thank you very much .
If you ask me , I don ’ t think it ’ s guilty .
I mean it ’ s not his fault .
Yes . Don ’ t you think he should be pitied rather than accused ?
Thanks ! These are beautiful . You shouldn't have !
I forgot what I put up with . In that case , I do deserve these flowers .
What is it ? Maybe I can help .
Do you come from a country where they shake hands ?
It ’ s very simple . Men shake hands , women and children don ’ t .
Well , a good rule to follow is , for men you hold out your hand , for women and children , you wait and see what they do .
Sure . Once you get the hang of it , it ’ s a piece of cake ! It ’ s nothing to worry about .
Don't worry about it . I keep forgetting everyone's birthdays as well .
Yes , Jane invited me for dinner to this new restaurant which opened near us .
The food was excellent , but Jane ordered a birthday cake , which they forgot about . So as you can see , you were not the only one .
Yes , Jane was quite upset about it . The manager came to apologize and we did get free dessert , but still ...
In the end it was a nice evening and I got an iPad as my birthday present which I wanted for a while .
I can try , but knowing Margaret she will see through that immediately .
Let's go in to wait for them .
I usually go in my free time on the weekends . How about you ?
That's true . And sometimes the tickets are cheaper during the week as well .
I will be hanged if I lying .
My car run out of petrol .
He had a lot of nerve telling us our ads sucked .
When did you start worrying about your weight ?
No , Jess , chill out !
We can ’ t break into the line . Don ’ t be so impatient . We ’ ll be at the front of the line soon .
Oh no , Ari . I didn ’ t mean for you to pay for me when I invited you to go tonight . Let ’ s go Dutch . I ’ ll pay my own way . I insist .
Me , too . It will be great to see something light and funny for a change . I ’ m tired of heavy drama .
They ’ re fine , but I can ’ t watch a movie without popcorn .
I buy a computer magazine every month . It keeps me up-to date with all the latest developments .
Sometimes it takes too long to find the exact information you are looking for . Besides , I like to read a magazine in a coffee bar sometimes .
Yes , they do . But you can only access all the articles if you have a subscription .
Yes , I do . The magazine arrives by post at the beginning of each month . Do you every buy magazines ?
It sure is . I'm glad it didn't rain . My name's Mike Gates , by the way .
I'm sorry . What's your name again ?
So Barb ... what do you do ?
Really ? Where ?
I'm an engineer at IBM .
Yeah . I like it . Hey , it looks like the food is ready .
What are you so excited about ?
What's the big deal ? It's just a picture of some woman .
There are tons of other paintings that I think are better .
No , how much is it worth ?
Whoa .
part-timer ? Is that a new buzzword ?
sure , I have a part-time job as a bartender .
yeah , but I ’ m not there for fun . I have to remain professional and if I get distracted , the manager would be pretty upset .
of course . There ’ s always much to learn . I got to know more about the real world .
not just working experience . I would say the biggest lesson I learned is how to deal with people from all walks of life .
sometimes it is . But after working for a few weeks , it ’ s easy to figure out .
maybe you can come to the bar one day and I ’ ll show you around .
Yes , it looks interesting .
It must be old .
Let's enter it !
It must be locked .
She can't answer you .
It must be a haunted house . Are you frightened ?
Yes . I'm fond of playing the chess and I'm very keen on playing cards .
Both , but the rules of playing cards vary in different places .
I went to the beach with my friends and had a barbecue there .
Sure . I think it ’ s a fantastic place to go .
It sure is .
I don't think the exam will be very hard .
Maybe you're right . I have been too lazy lately .
I did , but he gives me a runaround .
But he was trying to beat about the bush . And my talk with him was fruitless .
It's exactly twelve minutes past seven .
It'll begin at nine o'clock sharp .
I would if I were you .
You said it . I always count on him when I need his help .
What is a sixties party ?
That sounds like fun . But where can I get clothes that old ?
Good idea . Can I bring some music from that period too ?
Don't tell me you have a record player !
Oh , come on . You know it's a long process , you have to be patient .
A , whatever you do , the most important is perseverance . So you have to hang on there , the longer , the better . Then some day , you will find you've already made a lot of progress .
Yeah ! Where there is a will , there is a way .
My first grandchild .
Do you think so ? Well , I guess . He does look a lot like me . Oh , he ’ s got Richard ’ s eyes though .
Well , children usually resemble their parents .
You often like comparing children with their parents .
How do you like this waltz ?
May I ask you for a dance ?
You are doing the waltz wonderfully well .
Oh , we never speak Spanish in class ! Miss.Parker speaks to us only in English .
Not always . Sometimes we don't understand her . Then she has to repeat what she said .
Mario and I are the best students in the class . Miss Parker says that my pronunciation is very good .
Sometimes it's difficult . Some words look different from the way one pronounces them .
What is it ? What happened ?
No , it can't be . Really ? Who ?
What did you do ?
Did he leave when you left ?
What did you do ?
That's about five blocks . And around corners too.So he was definitely following you .
Actually , I don't think you can call the police . Not yet at least.He hasn't done anything . And probably the police will just ignore it.But if anything happens again , then maybe you should call .
Of course you can call the police if you want . That's not what I mean . I'm just saying that they probably won't do anything .
Listen , Carol . Don't let this bother you too much.Probably it's nothing . Just keep your eyes open when you go out.If you see him a third time , and if he follows you again , then I think we should go to the police.But for now , just try not to worry .
I plan to travel around Harvard University and know more about it . To tell you the truth , I plan to apply for Harvard after graduation from high school . It ’ s better to get to know it . What about you ?
Oh , my God ! John , I didn ’ t know you are religious . You just look like a scientific kook , like Leonard in the Big Bang Theory .
But I ’ m really surprised . I thought science and religion are not compatible , are they ?
I've heard about it a little bit before , but I don ’ t understand . How can people believe in God since they know God doesn't exist ?
Really ?
Why was it founded by the Puritans ? Where were the atheistic educators ?
How come ? I mean why most of them were religious people ?
So , you mean people didn't enjoy religious freedom in England ?
Why did they want to found a college ?
Oh , I see .
When did it begin to be called Harvard University ?
It seems that Harvard was predestined to be influenced by religion .
Wow , I didn ’ t know that religion had played such an important role in Harvard history .
I finally begin to get to know Harvard . It seems that my knowledge of Harvard is rather poor . I have a lot work to do before applying for Harvard .
That ’ s right . I have a lot to learn from you .
Sorry , I really can't do that . There's little time left for us .
But I have an appointment with Ann .
I love going out into the countryside for walks or bike ride . I love being out in the fresh summer air . How about you ?
What do you do in winter ?
I think most people do . I like wearing nice , colorful clothes in summer-you know , a nice dress or skirt . It ’ s too cold for those kinds of clothes in winter .
Do you think we ’ ll have a nice summer this year ?
I think you ’ ll lay it to rest with the time flying .
But I think time can change everything .
Pardon ?
University ? Why ? You asked me last year .
I went to Harvard University .
God save me ! Is there anything wrong with you ? Didn't I tell you ?
I did a B . A . in economics.Remember ?
Fun for you ! Do you get to do anything you want ?
Does everyone usually show up for your family reunions ?
How Ay days will the reunion be ?
This is going to be a major production for you !
Nice to meet you , Lvan.My name is Alike . I'm from Japan .
A second language is always difficult .
A crazy language ? Why do you say that ?
No wonder you say English is a crazy language .
I liked it . I thought it was great .
Yes . I thought it was excellent . Didn't you ?
It's a nice cinema , isn't it ?
Yeah , my head hurts , that ’ s all . I ’ Ve been in physics class all day . It ’ s killer !
Yeah , yeah , but today ’ s lesson was all about the creation of the universe .
It ’ s all religion . Take the theory of the Big Bang.How is it possible that all of the stuff in the universe comes from an explosion ? That ’ s no better than Atlas carrying the globe on his back or African myths about turtles and stuff .
Math , sheath . What ’ s the evidence ?
Anyway , it ’ s just a theory . Why do people go around touting theories ? Where ’ s the scientific rigor in that ?
There is nothing good at the moment.Let ' s do something different.Would you like to go to a concert ?
Fine ! Do you want anything to eat now ?
Well , let's go and have something to drink instead . I know a good place . It's a little expensive , but it's fun .
I partly agree with you . Buying stocks is not difficult , but making money consistently from buying stock is very difficult . Even professionals don ’ t find it easy , so be careful . Anyway , people like us need help with investing . Why not do some online research ? There are data , reports and discussion forums to educate people on how to invest . In addition , you need to visit an established website that offers stock charts .
I just watched the investment TV program last weekend . It has become a very hot topic these days . Actually I am not even a beginner .
That's out of the question .
Aha . I've read of my roommate . I made a move today .
You knew Brain Locker ?
Well , he's thin and tall . He has brown hair , a holt nose , green eyes and wearing glasses .
I'm from Guangzhou .
It's in the South of China .
In that case , I won ’ t keep you any longer . Drop in anytime .
See you later .
Mine was ok , except that no one in my class speaks English . I guess it will force me to converse in Chinese more in class so at least I should improve a lot this semester .
That ’ s quite the array of nationalities . Everyone in my class is from Asia , except me . There are a few South Koreans , several Japanese , Malaysian , Thai , Singaporean , Filipino , Kazakhstan , and o
I guess so , but I think it ’ s going to be hard to relate to my classmates , especially with the language barrier . I think I might change classes .
I highly doubt it . Your girlfriend is Chinese .
Yeah , I can really go for some Chinese food right now .
I know one . Let's go .
Morning , Mike .
I ’ Ve already got your certificate for sick-leave . How do you feel today ?
Have you received the reading material handed out yesterday ?
I will explain it in detail in the next class . Could you preview it ?
Of course , I like .
Forsythia . It's also called winter jasmine which is the symbol of the spring's arrival .
Yes . How about you ?
You have a perfect taste !
But it used to be ignored by many people .
Well , it's snowing . Let's enjoy the plum blossoms when snowing .
It stops snowing , but there's a bit wind .
I missed today's weather for cast in the radio
The ice is soon be thick for skating . I'm so fine to want a sport
I like music that has a fast beat and is lively , like dance music . You know , I go to a disco almost every week . Sometimes it's too loud though . You prefer classical music , don ’ t you ?
I must admit that I like several pieces of classical music . It ’ s certainly more sophisticated that modern dance music .
Really ? Perhaps I should listen to classical music often . I heard that listening to classical music is helpful in reducing stress .
I ’ Ve got a few classical music CD ’ s . I should follow your lead and increase my brian power .
That ’ s a good idea . You should do the same with some music . You might find something you like . Classical music might make you clever , but dance might make you livelier and happier .
I hope that they have a good menu . Most coffee shops only have coffee and Danish .
No , so it's usually boring to join my friends in the afternoon at a regular coffee shop .
Maybe a fruit salad and a few different hot sandwiches at least .
Let's try it !
Really ? I thought his wife couldn ’ t have a baby .
Oh , what a coincidence ! I bet Bobby must be very happy about it . He likes children and always wants a child of his own .
Oh , right . Now I know why they would want to see our boy . It ’ s hard to imagine the wonder ! Are they expecting a boy or a girl ?
Oh ! You mean she doesn ’ t have to work now ? It ’ s hard for young parents not to overreact , isn ’ t it ?
Do you have to pay to join ?
Wow , that much ? Don't they have any public courses ?
How was your game today ?
Congratulations ! What's your normal handicap ?
My drives were terrible today . I kept slicing the ball into the roughs and sand traps .
I agree .
I can't believe they would play so good .
Thanks . I'd love to . What time is the show ?
That sounds great . So , do you want to have dinner at 6:00 ?
Oh , that's OK . Let's just meet at the theater before the show , around 7:30 .
No , it's the Japanese team .
Well , their team work is well worth learning .
Of course , but we aren't going out , we're just friends .
Do you want me to put in a good word for you ?
I know only too well what that's like .
I was very sad when I was laid off last year .
Hi , Jenny . It's David here .
Not much . My girlfriend just dumped me .
Well , she told me things just weren ’ t working out and we weren ’ t right together . But I thought things were just great . Why did she say this ? It's completely out of the blue .
What ? She was cheating on me with that ugly guy . Oh , no , I feel like such a loser .
But she lied to me .
Ok , then .
What face ?
Yeah , I know . You are right .
A lot . I probably got to moonlight for the rest of my life , but so what , it ’ s worth it . Come on , get in . Let ’ s take a drive .
Check out what happens when I put on the brakes suddenly . It can stop quickly .
Yes , I know it . I went through my last set of tires fast . I even had three flat tires in two weeks .
Cut out , would you ?
It's just around the corner .
Yeah , I'm very worried about his health .
He's working too hard .
I am Mormon , so I go to the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints .
Mormons believe that , after the death of Christ and the death of the Apostles 10 , their church Christ founded became corrupt and the authority of Christ on earth was lost to men . In 1830 , a prophet named Joseph Smith was brought up by God to restore the church .
That means that they all have parts of the original gospel , but not all .
Yes .
We gather together to encourage each other , because we have common beliefs . We come together and call it church .
That's okay . Better late than never .
Hello ! I was exhausted some studying , so I decided to read the newspaper to relax . Unfortunately , the news is so depressing . There has been another murder in the city center . I ’ m shocked that the police haven ’ t caught the killer yet .
You mean “ if ” they catch the murderer . I ’ m scared stiff about going into the city center at night .
Well , there was one good piece of news . You remember the local girl who was dying of a rare blood disease ?
Well , they ’ Ve got the money and she ’ s going tomorrow for treatment .
I ’ m sure they are . Oh , and a local man won the lottery . I ’ m so jealous ! I wish it were me ! I buy a lottery ticket every week and I ’ m amazed that I haven ’ t even won a small prize yet . It ’ s so unfair !
Sounds good . When and where shall we meet ?
Fine , see you then .
There are hundreds and hundreds.English is particularly rich in idiomatic expressions .
I'll look up the rate.To look up doesn't mean to look high into the sky or to look at the roof.It means to search for and find some information .
That is just a natural , grammatical English expression.It has a direct translation in other languages .
Because Myra was cheating on exams , and she spoke back rudely .
Do you need a spot here or off campus ?
There's a parking structure for students .
Go to the western side of the campus , and you'll find it there .
When I went up there , it wasn't full at all .
Sometime this morning .
I am really not sure .
Do you mean the ' I love you ' virus that attacks computers through e-mail ?
This is terrible . Why do hackers play such a dirty trick ?
So they create viruses to tell people they are smart ? That's really sick .
Why do you say that ?
Think a little . I think he means well at the bottom of his heart .
I ’ m going to the hospital .
Professor Wang was hurt in a traffic accident .
His life is hanging by a thread , and he is under an emergency treatment .
Sorry , I can't . I am busy .
I always do volunteer work on the first Saturday of every month .
I help out at the children's hospital . I help plan activities .
Yes , it ’ s exciting . This month we are doing crossword puzzles .
Oh , yes . Laura ’ s the oldest . She ’ s a computer programmer .
She ’ s a librarian at the public library .
Christy is working as a waitress at a restaurant in Paris . She ’ s married to a French photographer .
Larry drives a truck . He drives all over the country . We hardly ever seen him .
Colorado .
Oh , no . Rocky is a pilot .
Yes . Mostly to England and France .
Merry Christmas , Lee !
Thank you for coming . I'm glad you liked it .
She's at home .
I know that they are auspicious fish . It's quite popular nowadays .
Not at all . I think the tattoos are so cool and chic .
Honey , it's not so serious . It's just an animal .
OK , I understand , but what else could we do ?
It's Ellie and her friends .
She's my little niece.It ' s her birthday.They ' re singing " Happy Birthday " .
She's ten .
Oh , yes.Ellie was playing games all day yesterday.By the way , Alice , when's your birthday ?
Today ?
Well , imagine that ! How old are you ?
Very much.What time ?
I'll be at your house at about 5:30 . Happy birthday .
Yes , I hope we meet again .
Okay .
And what did the program say ?
I think that many physicians 8 now agree with that idea .
And the most active older people seem to enjoy some kind of physical exercise . My father is over 60 years old , and he lifts weights every day .
Yeah , I went over the figures this morning . We're finally started making money again !
not only our annual sales brake a record , but our month by month earnings exceeded our forecast as well . After a two-year slump , we finally back in the black .
I think our success is partly because of Wallace's contribution , and partly because of our new marketing strategy . Because of the new advertising campaign , we have become the top sellers in the field .
Let's hope it is !
It's worth it just to go and eat what the mafia eat ! The five-dollar tiramisu is a culinary orgasm .
Fortunately , yes . You're blushing !
You're embarrassed , aren't you ? You gotta loosen up in Little Italy . The lady at the cafe will kiss you when you meet her ...
Yes , I received the scholarship 3 times on end .
Yes , I joined the CPC when I was a freshman
Let ’ s go for a joy ride .
Well , of course I can ’ t miss it . Which team are you for ?
Me too . Do you think they are going to get the championship this time ?
And it's a long one . I have Monday off . It's Memorial Day or something like that .
Sounds good . What do we need to bring ?
I'll dig out the Frisbee and my kite from Taiwan .
What ’ s up ?
America ? Did you get admit to MIT ?
Congratulations ! Susan . I ’ m so happy for you .
Really going to miss you .
Ok . Take care . Have a nice journey .
Look after yourself . Bye .
And I'm the one who put him there with my football moves .
Yeah , what was all that stuff about running tests about anyway ?
Great , then let's go visit him . I want to give him some flowers , too , to say sorry .
Yes , I did . Did you ?
Oh yes , I loved it . Wasn't the scene with the judge great ?
Oh , would you please turn off the fire ? My hands are sticky with the dough .
Thanks .
Yes , but why does she have such a long face ?
I thought she'd be happy .
I don't know . Maybe it ’ s some kind of personal problem .
You've got to be joking ! It's the teacher's right to say anything wants , and if she saw Myra cheating , she certainly had the right to say so .
You're right . If I were the teacher , I wouldn't have done that .
Am I late for the party ? Looks everyone is already here . Hope I didn ’ t miss something interesting .
Great , here are some flowers for you . I hope you like them . I was not sure if the color will suit your new apartment .
Don ’ t bother . I will help myself .
It is such a nice place .
John , I am just not in the mood for this .
I lost the table tennis game yesterday .
I just don ’ t want to play table tennis any more .
My opponent bowled me with the very first ball . I was wondering if it's appropriate for me to play table tennis .
Perhaps you are right . But I still need some time to recover from the failure .
It's very nice . I haven't heard live music in a while . This is fun .
Of course . But I'm afraid I'm not much of a dancer ...
You're dancing so well .
When did you learn to dance ?
It's hard to say . It depends . But I love the waltz .
Oh , I like it . It's such a beautiful dance , but I can't do it well . What about you ?
Thank you for the dance .
OK .
Yes , I agree . The air here is much more polluted than in my country . Of course , my country is more agricultural and has much less industry .
The problem is now on a truly global scale . I don't believe that any single country can do anything about it .
What a shame !
That's too bad .
I'm sorry to hear that .
What a pity !
Ho , no !
My first grandchild .
Do you think so ? Well , I guess . He does look a lot like me . Oh , he ’ s got Richard ’ s eyes though .
Well , children usually resemble their parents .
You often like comparing children with their parents .
I go to bed at ten and get up at six .
Sure .
When I was young , my parents took me to the one in California . I always forget which — is that one Disneyland or Disneyworld ?
That's right . Why do you ask ?
When are getting married ?
Congratulations ! I had no idea .
Do you like amusement parks ?
If you don't think twice about the rides and go on every ride that you can , you'll have a good time .
Even those . It'll be very romantic , I think . You'll have loads of fun .
I'm sure he'll love the idea . Just throw yourself into it and you'll enjoy it !
Yes , I can , but not very well .
More or less . How well do you understand Mr . Wang , your Chinese teacher ?
much better than it did yesterday .
I not only passed my test , but I aced it ! I'm so happy !
thanks for helping me with it . If you hadn't encouraged me to do my best , I wouldn't have ever been able to pass .
did you always do well at school ?
really ?
I'll get my finals in two months .
most students just cram the night forehead .
no , I think I should study a little bit at a time , starting a few weeks before the exam .
I'll go and talk to my professor or a learning support assistant .
Oh , you don't ask much , do you ?
I'll tell you what . Your class can rent them from me for the night and buy back any damaged ones .
Not as fun though . A live band is way more exciting !
Let me know with your next dance . I know a band that may give you a break for the publicity .
Sure , which beach are we going to ?
I like Santa Monica .
I just like the pier they have at Santa Monica .
Is Malibu beach nice ?
So you want to go to Malibu ?
Sure , let's go to Malibu .
I hope that world leaders can get together and agree on a plan for action , but I doubt it ’ ll happen before it ’ s too late .
Everyone is looking at the issue in the short term , rather than the long term . It ’ s the same with the destruction of the rainforests . Countries and companies just want the wood . They ’ re not thinking about the long-term damage to the forests . We should also remember that the forests are an important natural habitat for thousands of species of animal and plant life .
It also means that people sometimes fight over the famp 3land that remains . Damaging the environment actually leads to conflict between people .
I think I ’ d like to do that . I could take the things I learn here back to my country when I have finished my studies .
I just opened my own restaurant . I'm also head chef .
Well , I used to hate cooking , but now I love it .
After I tried French food . Before that , I used to cook really boring things for my family .
Yeah . I went to California to study .
I was there between 88 and 90 .
Then I came back here . I worked for about three years to get some experience .
A house warming party ?
Congratulations ! That ’ s wonderful . I bet both of you are quite happy .
I understand . That ’ s why Christopher and I want to find a place in a small town , far from the city .
I agree . That ’ s why Christopher is already looking for a job in Maine , or Wisconsin .
I am trying to find this book .
It doesn ’ t seem like this library has it .
I have already .
It says the book is on the shelf , but I didn ’ t find it there .
You can do that ?
That ’ s fantastic . Thank you .
I would like to rent a car . What kind of car do you have ?
What is the rate ?
How about mileage and gas ?
OK . I'll try a Pinto . I want to rent a car for one week .
Here you are .
Sure , I'd love to .
There is nothing good at the moment.Let ' s do something different.Would you like to go to a concert ?
Fine ! Do you want anything to eat now ?
Well , let's go and have something to drink instead . I know a good place . It's a little expensive , but it's fun .
Yes , that's true .
It depends.But usually it's about 15 days .
Yes , dumpling is a must.There is also other food.For example , people eat chicken for good luck .
Yes , it's really wonderful !
I'm sure you'll have a good time .
Yeah.Especially when you have something urgent to do .
That's true .
do you have any other symptoms ?
just a little . Has your toothache gone now ?
how about your tongue ? Does it still hurt ?
how did you get that burn again ?
you haven't had much luck lately , have you ?
when's the last time you took your tablets ?
I think it's time you took another does of each . What would you like to drink with them ?
sure , I'll just go and get it now . what would you like to eat ? Some soup ?
soup always makes me feel better when I'm sick . I hope it makes you feel better , too .
Why don't you find someone who is in the know .
Did you ask his former secretary , Lora ? She knows a lot about him .
We heard you weren't feeling well , so we came to check on you .
Who , Femi ? Yeah , Yi-jun saw her inside .
I remember someone spiked my punch . You sat with me in the girl's bathroom ...
Oh , nothing special . I'm just a bit tired .
With everything , with everybody , with all this !
It wasn't always like this , you know .
Well , I mean.We always do the same thing.There ' s no variety in our lives .
Certainly , perhaps .
Yes , it sure is . I had to run here from work ! I need to rush as I'm on my lunch break .
Oh , that's so nice of you ! Thank you very much .
Sure . Well , the avocado sandwich is delicious , and it's the healthiest thing on the menu . Personally , I think the beef salad is the tastiest choice . I usually get that . Also , the milkshakes are the best milkshakes in town !
Oh , don't mention it .
It's December eighteenth .
Yes , I know that .
Sure , a promise is a promise .
Nothing .
I ’ m rather disappointed at not being able to see my best friend off .
Yeah , how do you like him ?
Can you give me a touch of his character ?
Don't bother . those are a dime a dozen where we are going .
No ... mom said that we'll have the wedding at home on the 2nd . So let's hope your mom is right about that being a lucky day ...
They're going to give us back the seats ?
Hawaii ? My dream honeymoon destination ?
Oh , Jack ! That's wonderful !
What do you mean ?
That is called a nuclear family .
What kind of family are you like ?
It's a traditional family . It may be too large to live well .
We had a difference of opinion .
She'll be fine .
You bet !
Really ? That's a straws in the wind .
Yeah . They suit each other . A perfect match between a man and a girl .
I don't think Joe has done such a thing . Don't believe things in haste .
Good morning , Mr . Smith .
Well , thank you , Mr . Smith . But I was just doing my job .
It's nice of you to say so .
I ’ Ve been to most of the countries in Europe , several countries in asia-china , Japan , korea , and Thailand-and to the united states and Canada .
No , but I ’ m planning on visiting Australia and new Zealand soon . I ’ Ve heard that they are beautiful countries . Which is the most beautiful country you ’ Ve been to ?
Isn ’ t it really cold there ?
I ’ Ve been to other Scandinavian countries , but not to Norway . Perhaps I should go and do some winter sports there .
No thanks . I have had enough .
To tell you the truth , I am on the diet .
Well , I am gaining weight these days , and I have to watch my calories .
Thanks for inviting me . Here is the gift for you . Happy birthday , Francis ! Many more happy and healthy years for you !
Yes , please do .
Yeah , I was really struggling whether I should give you this nice little car . It was the last one they had and I really like it so much myself .
No . Does the newspaper say what has caused that ?
I think the government should make a serves of moves to cool the market .
I think they must have horrible lives . All the paparazzi take photos of them wherever they go and whatever they do . They must get sick of it .
I think that few of the show biz stars want any publicity for themselves . They only want it for their films .
Show biz stars have plenty of expenses . That ’ s why they need so much money . They need million of dollars to buy big , seclude houses and wonderful dresses . I bet most show biz stars would prefer to wear jeans and a t-shirt , but they can ’ t because their managers force them to wear clothes they don ’ t like .
I think you should give them some credit . They ’ re very talented people and they deserve all the money they earn . They even donate money to charity to help people who are less fortunate than themselves .
Yeah , it ’ s been ages ! So how have you been ?
Just as usual , you know .
Cut what out I ’ m not doing anything .
Fine ! By the way would you mind not slurping your coffee every time you have a cup !
You ’ Ve got to be kidding me ! You ’ re complaining about me talking on the phone when you go out for a cigarette break ten times a day to shoot the breeze ?
Fine . Let's call a truce . I'll try to more considerate and to keep the noise down .
Autumn is the best season in Beijing , you know .
What is the weather like in Washington at this time of this year ?
Is it very cold in winter there ?
Does it rain a lot in summer there ?
There's a lot of rain in summer , but it seldom rains in autumn .
That's true . Many people from the south don't like the weather here .
No , I'm from the north . I was born in Beijing , actually .
Yeah . It is incredible ! Is it the work of Qi Bakshi ?
Well , Qi is famous all over the world , isn ’ t he ? Besides I am quite interested in Chinese painting .
I prefer free sketch , especially the landscape paintings . I can always feel peace and harmony from those landscape paintings .
I love this art exhibition !
OK .
It has stopped snowing , but it's even colder .
And the streets are covered with snow .
I missed today's weather forecast over the TV .
The ice will soon be thick enough for skating . I am so fond of winter sports .
You're welcome . Did you have a good time on this vacation ?
Me too . Please write to me as soon as you get Boston .
OK , they begin to register .
Have a nice journey ! Do give my regards to your parents .
Eight to twelve in the morning , two to six in the afternoon .
What are your hours ?
For What ?
Well , that sounds like it would be OK . Just be careful .
I went to Yale University .
I have a B . A . in Economics .
I'm twenty-seven .
Yes , I have worked in a bank for the last years .
I got $ 500 a week .
I'm all right , thanks . Just a little tired .
Yeah , I got home around two .
Fantastic ! I enjoy clubbing , especially those clubs with live bands . The only fly in the ointment is that the air is bad , full of smoke , and the music is too loud , so conversations are not really possible . Once I nearly got burnt by a cigarette .
A wild dancer dropped it on my left foot and said nothing about it . If I had drunk enough and I would have had the bold to punch him in the face .
I ’ m a doctor .
Yes , I do . It ’ s very interesting . What ’ s your job ?
Oh , do you enjoy it ?
that would be a good shot . Can you take my picture here , dear ? Please try to get the garden in the frame as well .
thanks . Could you take one more from this angle ?
now let's have one together .
let me see ... set the timer first and push the button , oh , come here .
cheese ...
yes , but it's blurred and a little dark .
Ok , let's go .
Yes , I did .
Oh , I didn't watch the football match . I wanted to but my wife preferred to see the old film .
How did it finish ?
It was quite good . But . I missed the beginning of it because I had to eat first .
No , she didn't . After half an hour she stopped watching and started to read a book .
It's the new neighbor . I hate her guts .
She made another white crack about my clothes .
Of course , I am sure .
Just how am I supposed to do that ?
I've tried , but she keeps pushing my buttons .
I am not . she is no picnic .
Thanks , Serena .
Do you already know how to play an instrument ?
Aside from yourself , who are the other members of the band ?
Yes , I ’ m a singer .
Great ! Wait here ? You don ’ t have enough room for the amplifiers , microphones or even your drums ! By the way where do you keep them or practice ?
Oh , thanks a lot .
1 thirty P . m . But I've got to check in at 12 thirty P . m .
Pan American Airlines . Flight 282 .
Ok . See you tomorrow .
Oh , I see . You ’ Ve already decided , have you ? Now , you listen to me , you ’ re only 19 .
Oh . So you think you can just do whatever you want , do you ?
I'd like to book a table tonight .
Eight .
Eight o'clock tonight , would you please set us in a private room ?
Maybe not , thank you all the same then .
Yeah , I'm going to be making phone calls all day . What a blast .
Save it , Vince . After I put my first million in the bank , I'll say you're welcome .
Let's stop the car and enjoy it for a minute .
Wow . We don't get to see this in the city !
Look behind us at the mountains ! They're reflecting pink !
Where is our camera ? Let's see if we can catch this on film !
Sure.Where would you suggest ?
Sounds good .
Sorry , I thought you knew .
Didn't I ?
Well , I'm telling you now .
I didn't think you'd be interested .
Sorry , I didn't think it mattered .
Hi , Jim .
He ’ s been sick since he came back from Italy .
Yes , Doctor William said that he could come back to work ASAP .
He's a little sick under the weather .
He has the flu .
I will .
No , it's no use .
I know . She won't change my grade .
the end of all the hard work for my master's . what a nice feeling to get my degree !
certainly . After years of hard work , I wouldn't miss it . By the way , where can I find cap and gown ?
oh , I think they're provided by the school for that special day .
what do most of the students do ?
then , I might as well have them made .
hold it a second . I want to fix my hairpin .
here's Lisa . May I take a picture with her ?
No , not at all . Go ahead .
I go to movies ; I go to lectures ; I listen to the radio ; I do lots of things . Most importantly , I practice every chance I get .
Sure . It ’ s like understanding on the telephone — — you can ’ t see the speaker ! It ’ s great for improving listening comprehension .
It certainly does . But if you practice speaking every spare minute and learn useful sentences every day you can make big progress .
Good morning , Tom.How are you ?
Things couldn't be better.Where are you going now ?
I'm going to the English class.It ' ll start in five minutes , I've got to run .
After a while , crocodile .
It is in mine too.The biggest issue is water . The climate is dry and so water conservation is very important .
Water is rationed . We can only use a certain amount each month . It means that we cannot use some modern household items , like washing machines . They use too much water .
Yes , I agree . The air here is much more polluted than in my country . Of course , my country is more agricultural and has much less industry .
The problem is now on a truly global scale . I don ’ t believe that any single country can do anything about it .
I see . I have run as fast as I can .
Well I had several tests and an oral presentation this week so I didn ’ t get a chance to memorize the second page , but I think I mastered the tricky section .
Charles ? Before I start I was wondering if it was ok if I put a small crescendo in here and then decrescendo back to pianissimo again over here ?
It was horrible ! I played play it much better at home !
Is that better ?
Sorry ! The stretch for that octave is always hard to make .
It's 5:30 by my watch .
Yes . There's only a few seconds in a whole month .
Are you angry , Lisa ?
Please don't tell my mom .
I'm glad that you see it that way .
Thank you so much , Lisa !
I heard through the grapevine that your getting married .
Congratulations , I hope everything works out .
I wouldn't say so .
Well , I thought he was , but he ends up to be a con man .
yes , everything is fine .
didn't they announce that our flight was delayed ?
we boarded the plane on time , but then we were held up for almost an hour due to a maintenance problem .
we finally took off , but about 30 minutes later , the captain came on the loudspeaker to warn us that there would be some bad turbulence for most of the flight .
yes , but this was the worst turbulence I'd ever experienced in my life ! Everyone started getting sick . The flight attendants had to stay in their seats . The captain decided to land early .
we landed in Southampton and waited an hour for the storms to pass and then took off again .
it wasn't too bad . At lease I'm alive .
I managed to get a sandwich from a flight attendant . How about you ?
What's that ?
Don't worry about it . It's not new , it already has a few scratches . Did you get hurt ?
That's the most important thing .
Forget about it .
Maybe , but really I have fallen a couple of times and it's been hit once or twice as well .
Today is December 23,2002 .
Merry Christmas to you !
Oh , Penny , I'm Leonard , glad to meet you .
It is hard to get used to a new place , isn't it ?
We'd like to . Can you tell me when we go ?
OK . Do you want us to bring something ?
OK , see you later .
Oh , how dreadful ! I ’ m ever so sorry .
Thank God !
That's a great idea . It's the best season for tourists in Florida . You can also get a good sun-tan there .
You can put on your shades . And remember don't make your skin look like a tomato . Or else after that your skin will begin to flake off . You may even wind up with skin cancer .
You said it .
What does it say ?
Thank you . But I don't think I'll bother .
I don't think I'll have any trouble with getting old . But perhaps you can keep the article for a while , I may read it later .
I'm so honored that you thought to ask me .
You're going to do great . And you're going to look great .
I still like the olive one best . There's a tailor here who can take up the sleeves for you .
These guys are professional . I think they can have it done tomorrow . Let's ask .
Not particularly . I like fat girls .
I can ’ t say I do . What I like a girl with good manners .
Yes . But I like a girl with a nice personality .
Not particularly . I like a girl to be good .
We're waiting in line to get one of Master Li's Chinese couplets . I got one last year and I had good luck all year !
He's Taipei's most famous calligraphy master ! Quick ! Get in line !
Yes , I do . The look of a picture is very important .
You wouldn't know a good movie even if it bit you on the nose .
Enough ! If we don't finish the game , there won't be time for any movies tonight !
It's Thursday , I think .
We're busy on weekdays , but we'll have a good rest at the weekend .
Try to keep cool . It's not an easy take .
Then you will be in line for a doom .
It's Friday .
Yes , I ’ m new .
I transferred from another school .
I was at PCC before .
I was going to go here first , but my grades weren ’ t good enough .
PCC is an incredible school .
I ’ m sure I ’ ll like it here .
What's the trouble ?
What about your friend ? Did she fall for him ?
Now you don't have the butterflies in your stomach , do you ?
Sure , what do you need to do there ?
I have to exchange some money .
I also want to see if my salary has been paid into my bank account . There was a problem last week .
Their interest rates are usually quite high . It ’ s a good idea to pay off your credit card debts before they attract interest .
would you like to live in the country ? I ’ m not sure I ’ d like it .
What do you mean ?
I see what you mean . I love being far away from a city , but I hate being so far away department stores and sports facilities .
I would love to be surrounded by hills and streams . They ’ re so much better to look at than concrete , rows of parked cars and tall buildings .
The view from the hill is so beautiful and relaxing . There ’ s so sign of pollution . The village looks so peaceful .
You ’ re right . I would have to travel to the city at least once a week to go shopping and see friends . I would hate living in the country !
Nothing much . What are you up to ?
He took the civil service exam and failed .
Yeah . He's been sitting in his room everyday for the last 4 days .
That's a great idea . Why don't you call him . I already talked to him a couple of times and it might be good for him to hear from somebody else .
Sounds good .
Are you sure ? He is quite young , isn't he ?
Really ? He looks so young .
Thank you .
We're happy together now . We both think that we're a well-matched couple .
The situation differs in person .
Take it easy . I have to cut my losses .
I know , but I don't have a choice , my boss has complete control over our work schedules . I haven't made it out of the office before 9 PM a single day this week .
No , not exactly , I'm working for minimum wage.And they don't give extra pay for overtime . Overtime is our own time .
They do give bonuses at the end of the year for the employees with highest productivity numbers , but frankly , it's not much of an incentive . They give us a bonus of ten dollars .
I would , but I'm afraid I would't be able to find another job . I don't have very many job marketable skills , there aren't so many jobs that I'm qualified for .
I felt as if I had been in a different world .
Let me check . Hold on , please ... Yes , that's fine . Smoking or nonsmoking area ?
All right . May I have your name ?
How do you spell it , sir ?
Does the class start again , Mam ?
Oh , breaktime flies .
Mam , another minute , could I ?
oh , Iris , it ’ s about the job with the PR company .
but my mother won ’ t allow me to accept any part-time job . I ’ m afraid she will say no again .
she says a part-time job is cursed blessing . It takes so much time and energy that I won ’ t be able to focus on my studys .
I turned down quite a few offers before for her sake . But I ’ m a senior now , I don ’ t want to miss the chance this time .
I ’ ll try , but what if she insists ?
do you think it will work ?
ok , I ’ ll do that . Thank you , Iris .
I went to play tennis in the public park .
Twice a week . How about you ?
What is very difficult to gather team player together .
Do you like watching football matches ?
I've got a date .
Why don ’ t you find a new career where you can do what you enjoy , being outside working during the day ?
Maybe you have two choices . You could attend school during the day , or you could get a position that provides training .
And what did the program say ?
I think that many physicians now agree with that idea .
And the most active older people seem to enjoy some kind of physical exercise . My father is over 60 years old , and he lifts weights every day .
I was playing a joke on you .
Dear , forgive me . I won ’ t do that again .
I ’ m going to Hainan .
Yes , actually it ’ s my second visit . I was there last October .
Well , the life style is much more relaxed than here in the city . And the seafood is tastier !
All right , Sis !
I really wish Mom and Dad were here with us .
Me ? Er , I like hot weather , just like today .
I like to watch Barbie sticking her tongue out .
By the way , what's your favorite weather ?
Look , is that Tom ?
Well , that's life .
Yeah , he did . But he only won it by a hair's breadth .
Yeah . To win is the most important thing .
It's my geography , sir.The Map of Africa you set us .
Yes , I know , sir . I'm sorry .
My mother's been ill and I had to stay at home .
It's true , sir .
Are you new here ? I come to this coffeehouse often . But I didn't see you here before .
Do you mind if I ask you why you've taken the part-time job here ?
Oh , are you an English student ? Or you just study English for interest's sake ?
Very nice . Thank you for your time .
OK then . I don't want to put you in trouble .
OK . But I'd like some cookies .
I surely know that . Don't forget that I am a regular customer here .
It's OK . Thank you .
I don't think so . It changes so quickly this time .
I think you can go to visit the museum . It's worth seeing . You can go to the square some other time .
After you .
Pardon ?
University ? Why ? You asked me last year .
I went to Harvard University .
God save me ! Is there anything wrong with you ? Didn't I tell you ?
I did a B . A . in economics . Remember ?
Did you see his last dive ?
He's diving for the gold .
Yes . I have been here for three years .
Well . I ’ m rather disappointed with it .
It ’ s too old . And it isn ’ t as specious as I expected .
I ’ ll just have to put up with it .
Don ’ t be too humble . Few young men could be equal to Mark . And in some respects Joe and Mark are neck and neck .
Hi .
I'm not sure yet .
Yes . When ?
Sorry , I didn't hear you . Can you say that again please ?
Oh , I'm busy then . Can we meet a little later ?
OK . Where ?
Oh , Where is that ?
OK , I'll meet you there .
Fine , thanks . How about you ?
Thank you , I just tried my best . I am very happy to know you like it .
Well , yes . Several colleagues from different departments helped me with that . They are very supportive . I consulted an economic expert last week . He was very kind to give valuable suggestions .
Come on , don ’ t flatter me anymore . I took the job because I love being challenged . But I can ’ t get this turned around without the support from you people .
Can't you stay for a little bit longer , it's only 8 .
OK.See you on Today .
You too.Thanks for dropping in .
Yeah . But in my heart of hearts , I find he ’ s not very much to my liking .
The problem is that I just have no one to turn to right now .
I'm fine . I've been out of town . I just got back .
I was in New York for a wedding .
I like it a lot . It has a very funny beginning , I think . It attracts your attention the moment you begin reading it .
I like the plot . It's so full of twists and turns . I also like the main character . She is so humorous and smart .
The ending is a bit weak . It's so abrupt , like those of most other detective stories .
Really ? Generally they will turn out to be a good thing .
You ’ ll exert all your energy and get out of it .
Yes , it's my new business phone . Do you like it ?
Yes , it's got wireless Internet access .
Yes , but I don't really use it often . Have you ever used it ?
Yes , I guess I should try to use it .
Good morning , John !
I'd be delighted to , John . Saturday did you say ?
I'm pretty sure I'll be all right . In fact , I'd be delighted to come over and celebrate your birthday with you . What time are you planning to start ?
That sounds fine . I'll be there around seven .
I didn't realize it was so difficult though I know I'm always too nervous in such competition .
I don't think I performed well .
Can you tell me how to improve myself ?
Thank you for your encouragement .
What time are you leaving ?
Take care and give my best to you parents .
May , just let him go .
I know .
He lives nearby and he would just glance at the newspaper headlines , read the political sections and return them later .
He used to be a hero during the war time and everyone respect him .
Yes , he has no children and his wife passed away when he was in the battle .
I bet . But he is always busy telling the children stories .
I need to get on the Internet .
Yes , I have it .
That ’ s okay .
Then what do I need to do ?
What do I do to log on to the computer ?
Okay . Thanks for your help .
Yes , I am . When is the wedding ?
August bride . How nice ! By the way , who is going to be the matron of honor ?
Oh , yeah ? I wonder who is going to give Jane away at the wedding . You know her father passed away several years ago .
I think so . The wedding will be held at her church , right ?
Do you know where they will go on their honeymoon ?
No problem . I can deal with it well .
All is best now , isn ’ t it ?
Don't build a fire under me . I know the importance of time .
Don't you see I'm trying my best ?
Oh no , I won't . But we will have an accident if you don't stop shouting .
Oh , shut up , will you ? It was all your fault.If you'd kept quite this would never have happened .
I didn't sleep a wink last night .
Well , I am under a lot of pressure . My boss is very pushy . He assigned me three projects . Now the deadlines are near , and I still have not finished all of my projects .
Well , I guess no one can help me but myself . For the moment , I just need someone to talk to , so that I can relieve my stress .
Sure , When is good time for you ?
What time do you want me there ?
All right , It's a date .
What's her figure ?
What's the color of her eyes ?
I ’ m not sure , but probably about 75 years . How about in your country ?
I heard that the government might need to increase the retirement age , because otherwise there will not be enough workers to support the young and the elderly .
Did she ? That ’ s great . However , if we have too many children , that will have a bad effect on the enviroment .
Oh , he ’ s fine . Kids seem to grow up very quickly nowadays .
I had mine when I was 24 . that ’ s a little young . I ’ d suggest you wait until you are in your late twenties . , or even in your early thirties if you have a good career .
Is there a big generation gap between parents and their children in you country ?
Parents usually give their children more freedom in my country . Sometimes they give them too much freedom .
You're screwed . You can't do anything about that . You have to hope that you get some classes that will be useful .
No . They will tell you the same thing in a worse way .
Of course . Registering for classes is not something you want to miss .
Well , I know psychology 101 is a big class , so there will always be seats in that class . You can also get into Sociology .
I took that class last year . The professor is really cool , so if you go to his office , you can have him sign a card that will let you in even if the class is full .
I guess that's because so many people drop out of that class .
No problem , man .
Any time . I'm just glad I could help .
What's the matter ? Are you OK ?
Don't worry . You have plenty of time to decide .
You always worry too much about everything . Take it easy , honey . You are good enough . You can go to the ideal college .
In a perfect world , I would enjoy my work if I do not have to do much , and make lots of money !
That's only a joke . To be honest , I have to improve my English , because my English is not good enough . I still get confused about some simple grammars . Since you are quite good at it , do you have any suggestions ?
Is the training center helpful ?
Why ?
Yes , they do . Do you have a Christmas tree this year ?
I can't now because I have to buy a present for my mother .
I don't know when I can come . I'll let you know later .
Yes , you're right .
I've tried to give up smoking several times , but it's no good . Smoking relaxes me .
Yes , maybe I should have another try .
Awful . It was a complete waste of time .
It was about a married couple . They had to live with the wife's mother , because they didn't have enough money to buy a house of their own .
Yes . but the husband had to work overtime three times a week , so he was always tired .
Yes , it does , doesn't it ? But this man was always over-tired , and he couldn't sleep.So he used to take two sleeping pill every night .
Yes , but not two every night . Anyway , the strain was too much for him . He had nervous breakdown and had to go to hospital .
Not really . His wife was able to find a good job as an interpreter , because she could speak French and German fluently . After a few months ' work , she had a better job than her husband . So in the end ,
Sure .
Do we have enough time ?
The seats are excellent . We're right in the center .
I can't agree more .
In the United States , yes . But back in China , I went to concerts a couple of times with my parents .
We have two . One is like this one . The other is a little smaller .
What time will the library be closing ?
Does it always close at six ?
Will the library be open on Saturday ?
What are your hours on Saturday ?
All right . Thank you .
That ’ s it . Thank you .
That of the old man .
Some of the scenes moved me into tears .
Pardon ?
Zina , I hope you're not scheming to make Elvin look bad .
Dave then ? Dave is a spy for WebTracker ? You can't be serious .
Hi , Lin Tao . I have't seen you for some time .
Yes , the same as ever , thanks . What about you ?
Good bye then , and keep in touch .
Yeah , he has a good commend of computer skills . But ...
But he is always talking big .
My feelings exactly .
I couldn't agree with you more .
You are absolutely right .
That's exactly the way I feel .
Are you kidding ? Don't you know I can't swim ?
Hey , don't shout . Come here ! Sit closer . Now , Jim , we ’ Ve had a lovely day . Don't spoil it now .
Everybody who walks past me sees it . Besides , it's a good sunbathing suit .
Jim !
Can you get me a beach umbrella and a deck chair ? I am really tired of lying in thousand .
Are you serious ? That will be wonderful !
I'm sorry , but you were the only one who had access to it .
I wonder if the municipal government will take some preventive measures .
No problem .
You mean the white building near the playground ?
That is the library . And it has more than 1,000 , 000 books .
You know , our school is divided into two parts , the junior high school and the senior high school . That is the new classroom building for our senior high school .
Yes . There is a large swimming pool , but it is only available in summer .
I believe that you can make your dream come true .
I try and look at the programmes that are on to decide which particular ones interest me , rather than you turning it on a seven o'clock and you leaving it on until half-past eleven when the programmes finish .
Un ... I think it can be a time-waster and it depends on how particular people are about what they want to see ... Mm , it can just be a sort total amusement for someone and totally consuming without reallyconsidering what it is they're watching .
Well , I suppose one of the problems is ... will depend on what a person's life style is , and that if he has other outside interests which are equally important to him as television , he will then , you know , hmm . be more careful about which programme she wants to watch because he has time which he wants to use for other things .
Yes , I think that is a danger , and I think that . . in fact is what mishappening to a lot of people who use it as their ... their main ... um field of amusement and ... because they don't have other outside interests and even when people come round they'll leave the television and not be , you know , particularly interested in talking to them , you Know the television will be the main thing in the room .
Thanks .
I feel the same way .
Yeah . He has no one to count on .
What's your trouble ?
I got it .
What is the problem ?
Are you planning on having someone take notes for you ?
When , exactly do you need to leave ?
Fine , but next time try and not have to miss class again .
See you later ! Drive carefully .
I wouldn't do it if I were you .
It's very dangerous , you know .
It's an easy way to get hurt , let me tell you .
Well , take care of yourself , and don't say I didn't warn you .
I think he has realized that . But he is still whistling in the dark by putting up an act .
But when I noticed that he was left in the cold , I could not help wanting to help him to get out of the situation .
What's he like ?
You must feel very uneasy at his home .
Hi ! I'm Nancy . Nice to meet you .
Where are you from ?
I'm from Chicago .
It's fun .
Oh , I am very sorry , Hans . Thank you for waiting for me . You must have been here a long time already .
I was caught in the heavy rain , or I would have come earlier . I am sorry I kept you waiting .
Yes . When I came out of the subway , it was raining cats and dogs . And I forgot my umbrella . So I had to wait for the rain to let up .
Good morning , Emma ! A lovely day , isn't it ?
It is the best season for a picnic right now . Have you decided the place for your picnic ?
What did the whetherman say ?
Well , I will think it over .
Professor Donald , are you giving your advanced geology course again next semester ?
I wonder if I could enroll in it . I know it is a graduate course and I ' m a junior , but ...
I know , but the geology of the American west is my major interest and I have done a large reading in the field .
Oh , thanks , professor Donald . This is really very nice of you .
Isn't that a good thing ? Having fewer bosses means having less stress , don't you think ?
You're right , we do need leadership . But what we don't need is too many people to lead us . You know what they say about too many chiefs and not enough Indians ...
It's interesting , I like being an editor .
I like talking to writers , I get to meet a lot of interesting people .
I don't feel bored at all . I'm getting along with my colleagues . I will enjoy working with them . People are great in this industry .
No , I have no complaints . I hear there are many opportunities to move up in this company . is that true ?
That's perfect . I will definitely do well .
No , I don't think we have .
How do you do ? Mr . Brown . I am Susan Heywood .
Really ? I am glad to meet you .
I don ’ t want to .
Certainly not .
Turn on the radio ? What for ?
Listen to some music ? And who ’ ll cook dinner ? Will you ?
To a disco ? Oh , no . You know I hate pop .
I am not in the mood .
I was told my girlfriend was speaking ill of me . It's a real letdown .
But she did and it made me disappointed .
But she means a lot to me .
Oh , I just can't forget it .
What happened ?
Let's buy some flowers , and pay her a visit
OK . Let's go
Well , I know you are interested in architecture , so you should't miss the Temple of Heaven , and the Great wall is a must too .
Hi , Andy . I'm Judy . It's nice meeting you .
Come over and visit when you have time .
I usually calm down first and think about the reason that caused my anger .
Something like listening to music is a good idea .
Classic . Something that could calm your mind .
Working out is another good way to relieve anger .
Jogging , yoga , or even just taking a walk .
What a shame !
Your boyfriend , Bryan , wanted to toss the football . I think he wore me out .
You're like the tenth person to say that .
Whatever . I wish people would just leave me alone !
Who cares ? She is pretty .
You're just jealous .
Thank you.You ' re partial .
It's nice to hear that anyway .
I ’ Ve never seem such a scene either except in films .
The bride's parents ' seating arrangement is on the left side of the aisle and the groom's parents is on the right side .
They usually do .
He isn't a punctual person . We may have to wait for a little while .
Make it three cups . Here comes Harry .
Because Myra was cheating on exams.and she spoke back rudely .
Not rally . 200 years ago , it was just a small insignificant village .
Large deposits of coal were found nearly and so many industries located themselves here . The village quickly grew into a key industrial centre .
Yes , it did . The names of those village survive as the names of parts of the city .
Oh , yes . Several of the buildings from the villages still survive . Many of them were inns for travelers and today survive as pubs . There was a castle near one village , so our city has a castle too .
My brother did it .
I laughed up my sleeves at him . He ’ s seen his girlfriend off at the airport and had lipstick on his face and did not know it .
Very nice . He gets along with his classmates very well .
Yes , indeed .
Five.My father , mother , brother , sister-in-law and me .
He is five years older than me , He got married last Sunday.My brother and my sister-in-law are the same age .
I failed my oral test .
I'm not practicing enough .
When I talk to Chinese , I always want to speak Chinese .
Come on . It ’ s quite safe . You really have no guts .
No . Someone had stolen a march on me and bought it .
It is marvelous , and the price is marvelous , as well .
I want to return this video .
I also need to check this magazine out .
I don ’ t understand .
What can I check out ?
I need this magazine .
That ’ s weird .
No . What happened ?
Don't be angry , you lose money just to avoid misfortune .
Well , we have the Thompsons , the Greens , and the Anderson , about twelve people total .
But that makes thirteen people ! We can't have thirteen people for dinner on Friday !
It's an old superstition . If we have thirteen people at the table , then it means bad luck . Can Andy bring a date ?
But we can't have thirteen for dinner !
Absolutely not ! I refuse to have thirteen people for dinner on Friday !
That's better .
Hi , this is Maria . Is that Shirley ?
Shirley , do you know today's homework from our economic law class ? I have written it on a piece of paper but I can't find it now .
OK .
Explain the economic law ? An essay question again ?
Are there any clear answers in the book to this question ?
OK , thank you , Shirley . You are very helpful . I have another question . When does the Economic Law of China come into effect ?
There isn't such a code ?
Got it . Thank you , Shirley .
What time are you leaving ?
Take care , and give my best to your parents .
They must have practiced a lot . The perseverance has made them they are today .
Let me have a look . Well , it lists some shows that will be on next week .
Hmm ... Oh , this one , ' The Drunken Beauty ' . This is a real classic .
Of course not . She was said to be the most beautiful woman in her time and that made her become the queen . They play was famous for its singing and dancing .
She is an opera star in China . Her teacher's teacher is Mei Landfang .
You are such an expert on it . I don't know that .
So , want me to book the tickets again ?
We can do that if you like . Maybe next weekend .
The sea water treatments are supposed to be really good for you .
But the water has to be kept at 34 degrees so that the minerals can be absorbed by your body .
Give it to me .
It ’ s from NYU .
I didn ’ t get accepted .
I ’ m serious .
NYU was my first choice .
I ’ ll just have to wait for UCLA .
Study , study , study . I want to learn a lot .
Yes . I am going to take some university courses there .
Yes , but I think it's probably for the best .
Hey , I am a pretty cool guy . I will make friends , and I'll have a lot of extracurricular activities too . You know , like fencing , or theater or something .
Yesterday morning was beautiful i thought the sunning was going to continue .
I know . i could not believe it when i got hit by that storm.it was pouring with rain all afternoon .
If it was sunning all year round there would be drought.you probably would not like it either .
The weather forecasters are not good at predicting the weather would be like.our weather is so changeable .
Birds of a feather flock together .
Oh , it ’ s fine . I ’ Ve got a very nice secretary and a large pleasant office .
And a company car .
Yes , it is . But I ’ Ve got a lot of work too .
I ’ m here as a tourist .
Yes , it ’ s a small world . We never know where we ’ ll meet someone we know .
That's right
Last night
Yes , I enjoyed it very much .
Let me see . Ah , yes , I've been to England , France , Germany , Italy and now I've been in Spain
Two weeks
That's right
It's easy to get loose bowels in summer .
You ’ Ve got to be careful on the food you eat .
Well , last night I had a big argument with Ann .
Now that I look back at it , it wasn't that big a deal . I shouldn't have lost my temper .
It's just we've been planning to go the beach for a while , and we decided we could both make it this weekend . Then out of nowhere she called me up , said her boyfriend had made plans and that she need to cancel the trip . I was so angry when she told me that I said she didn't care about our friendship at all .
I know , but I was so upset . I mean , come on ! Does she have to do everything her boyfriend says ?
Well , I think I was being a little selfish myself . I know they don't get to see each other very often .
Yeah , I'll call later to patch things up .
Don't do that to me , honey . Give me a chance , please . I make a solemn promise never to drink alcohol again .
Have a heart , honey . You know I am trying hard to quit drinking , don't you ? Just give me one more chance , please !
Oh , I am so tired . My back is sore and my neck hurts .
You are wrong , Shirley . I was always absent-minded in the class . I meant to concentrate on the class , but I was just so tired . Maybe I am old .
One of my friends took the Adult College Entrance Exam last year . He filled the school column with his name , and his score was relinquished .
He said he hadn't taken any exams for ten years , and couldn't get used to it immediately . He was extremely nervous then .
Yeah . The test was fairly easy and almost every test-taker could pass that exam . Adult College Entrance Exam is much easier than college entrance exam . And there are fewer subjects .
I went a global warming rally . It was fantastic to be around so many people who care about the environment .
It might not be possible to fix the problems that we've created for ourselves , but there are lots of things we can do to prevent more damages from happening .
Well , we can use public transport instead of taking our cars for a start .
If you do have to drive , you should make sure that your car runs on unleaded petrol . Also , your home should use sources of renewable energy .
Yes . You should take your glass , paper , plastic , cardboard , and tin cans to a recycling center .
I think that the issue of greatest concern is having enough sources of clean water for everyone .
To be honest , in order for the earth to continue to be a habitable place , we're all going to have to become more interested in the environment .
Merry Christmas . Steven !
I'll have supper with my girlfriend and go shopping . What about you ?
I'd love to . But I am going to meet my girlfriend right now . See you later .
I like to go to the movies . What do you do in your free time ?
Well that's great ! It's nice that we have something in common .
That cat .
It ’ s me , mum , I am sorry .
Yes , and you could too if your hair wasn't hanging down in your face .
You like it , but it's getting to be a handicap for you .
I know a great hairdresser not far from here and she is cute too .
Did I mention she's good at cutting hair too ?
Not too bad , thanks . And you ?
Oh , they are fine . They are enjoying their retirement .
Say hi to your family for me .
Why don't you sit in the back with me ?
By the way , what's your last name ? I forgot what it is .
R-I-N ?
I got it . Mary Lin .
Ready for what ?
Yes . I am ready .
Of course I ’ m nervous .
I won ’ t know anybody at that school .
Why not ?
That ’ s a good way to think about it .
Eh , so so .
Nah , not too flashy .
I guess .
And I ’ m trying to watch the game , but you ’ re yapping on about your new clothes !
Well could you do me the favor of making this quick ? It ’ s the third quarter and you ’ Ve been blabbering on since the first !
Oh no you didn ’ t . You didn ’ t just insult the Sals-bury Seals , did you ? Why don ’ t you just . just go and return all of those stupid clothes and not come back until the sales are over ?
And Merry Christmas !
How could I feel easy ? I ’ m really pissed .
Ok . I ’ ll try my best to calm down first .
It's something relative hackers . I often hear people talking about them , but I don't know much about them .
You mean a guy using enthusiastic and knowledgeable about the computer ?
But why are people always having such a negative attitude towards them ?
What is crackers then ?
So they are two totally different concepts .
I see . Then the basic different is , hackers build things , crackers break them .
Thanks a lot .
You usually are good about turning it in ; what happened ?
But couldn't you have done it when you felt better ?
You have already missed one other assignment ; when can I expect the make-ups ?
That will be soon enough , but make sure you get next week's assignment in as well , all right ?
Good . I know that you are capable of being an excellent student .
There are several interesting articles on recent scientific breakthroughs . I just finished reading one about cloning .
According to the article , you have no real need to worry . Research nowadays is focussing on cloning parts of a human body to replace damaged or lost parts , not on recreating a whole human .
In this article , scientists say that if you took the genes from someone and tried to create a copy of a person , there ’ s no guarantee that the copy would look or act like the original !
I read about how scientists are using material from plants and animals to create new medicines . For example , an animal be immune to disease that affects human . So , scientists find out why it ’ s immune
Are you OK ? I didn't mean to put you in danger .
That takes talent ...
He said you obviously prefer Greek comedies to Greek tragedies .
Did you enjoy it ?
Why ! what happened ?
So how long did you stay ?
I wasn't quite prepared for the view of the Earth as we left . It was just awe-inspiring . It emerged from just a slightly curved horizon to a whole Earth , where you could look across oceans and continents in a single glance . I wasn't quite prepared for that . It's inevitably etched in my memory .
Detached . You're literally detached from one planet , captured by another . Your only link to reality is the Earth out there ; fortunate - 1y , it stays in view the whole time .
I believe it's certainly for real . It without question has suffered a lot of delays . But there's hardware sitting on the pad right now and it's due to go off in December . It is a reality . It has just taken longer to get literally off the ground .
I hope this flight is not just a one-time affair , that it does re-ignite people's interest to push on . But only time will tell .
If I were the man making the decisions , you could get in line tomorrow . I strongly support ordinary people going into space . Unfortunately , I don't think it will be in the near future .
I went to play tennis in the public park .
Twice a week . How about you ?
But it is very difficult to gather a team of players together .
Do you like watching football matches ?
Oh , I watched it on television . It was an exciting match .
My native place is Shanghai , which is a very beautiful cosmopolitan city .
Yes , I am a local resident .
I ’ m watching TV .
I will .
Well , I came to talk to you because I want to apply for a scholarship .
Thanks . I really appreciate it.In fact , I do need a letter of recommendation for this scholarship .
It's an undergraduate scholarship offered by the American Minority Students Scholarship Association . I'm eligible for it because I'm Asian American .
I'm a junior now , and my GPA is 3.92 .
Well , I hope so . The competition is probably pretty heavy.And they want a writing sample too .
No , they want a special essay . I must write an essay on a particular question they pose .
They give applicants a topic.The topic is , The Place of Ethnic Minorities in a Democratic Society.My essay must be three pages typed and double-spaced .
Yes , but I need to write it by next week .
I came here today to talk to you because ... Well , I need to ask two favors .
First , I need a letter of recommendation .
And second ... Well , I'm not sure if it's normal .
Yes , if you could . I mean , if you could read it to make sure there are no mistakes.Or maybe you'd have some suggestions .
I will . I want to write the first draft tonight.So I could bring it tomorrow morning .
That would really help me a lot . I'm very grateful .
I heard the radio announcer say it was 18 degrees below zero .
My car didn't want to start either at first .
Not in the new apartment . We have to leave the car in the parking lot .
I do . Right now I have it protected up to 30 below zero .
Not really . It sometimes gets to 20 below .
I quite agree with you . They are terrible . They are complete waste of time , but my wife disagrees with me .
I couldn't agree with you more . There aren't enough educational programs , and even the news shows are not well done .
I'm not feeling well . I think I'm having a cold .
Yeah , I will .
I didn't wear make-up this morning .
You're right.Make - up can only disguise my age , but exercise may delay it .
Yes , my old friend Hanson lives there
Yes . He's one of my best friends . Our friendship formed at college . Why did you ask that ?
I get it . You want to find a guide , don ’ t you ?
Don ’ t worry . I will call Hanson , and ask him to help you .
I'm quite out of thoughts recently .
I'm worrying about my exam .
Yes .
Yes , I did .
Hugh Young ? Didn ’ t he use to wear a funny yellow jacket all the time ?
I remember Hugh . Most people thought he was a little ... uh ... peculiar . Do you know what he ’ s doing now ?
A millionaire ? As a jazz musician ?
Well ! I guess people don ’ t find him so peculiar anymore .
Yes . I ’ Ve won the first prize in the math contest .
Thank you , Paul .
Good , happy birthday to you !
Sure , I will . Thank you for inviting me .
Hello sir . Good to meet you , too .
Ok , Jason . So how was the flight ?
Really ? But you were in first class ! Nobody woke that guy up ?
That's terrible ! So you didn't get any sleep ?
So , aside from visiting our factory and offices , are there any other things you want to accomplish while you're in China ?
That's not a problem . We can have a company car take you there . It's only about a two hour drive .
I'm going to stay in the city .
I'm going to work with my father at the store . In the evening , I'll read books.On weekends , I'll go to the beach with my family .
No , but I can learn . What are you going to do this summer ?
I've never gone to camp . What do you do there ?
That sounds wonderful .
I think he's going to the mountains with his parents .
You too , Peter . Give my regards to John . I'll see you in September .
It's love all .
Can you tell which team seems to win ?
Yes.Our guest team is really tough .
I don't think so . Did you ever go and look at your stamp ?
But you've been looking for that stamp for years .
Bummer . I guess we're both out of luck .
Of course . I often go to the movies .
I heard it ’ s a very good movie .
Let ’ s look at the newspaper .
Wonderful . I ’ m so excited .
Most of them are not so practical . It will be very bad for your health if you skip lunches or supers as the recommended . I think making an exercise plan can be more effective .
You don ’ t need to lose weight , you are not fat .
Is it like a zoo of polar animals ?
It must have been fun seeing those unusual animals and birds .
Maybe you should let me know about your plan . I want to take my kids there some day . too .
May and Danny have already grown up .
Look at that big tree over there .
Do you know that I fell in love with you at the first sight .
But you agreed to go out with me at last .
And then what ?
That sounds boring to me .
Yes , I think I will do something new . I ’ Ve always wanted to be a teacher .
Sounds good , when ?
Any time is fine .
Please wait for us even if we're a little late .
See you then .
Ask me a question ? What do you want to know ?
Just what ? Stop beating around the bush . Tell me what you want to know .
Lend you a few bucks ? No way ! Still remember the money you borrowed me last time ?
Yes . I'm leaving tomorrow . I came here just because I want to say good-bye to you .
I'll miss you too , my friends .
Oh , yes . Beautiful .
No , I am from France .
Of course not .
Laura .
I don ’ t think it ’ s very nice . And my father doesn ’ t like it . But my mother likes it very much . So we often come here .
Well , we come here almost every month .
It ’ s my mother . She ’ s fond of swimming . And the man beside her is my father .
No , I hate swimming . I prefer playing tennis .
It ’ s not very big . It ’ s a little over half a million square kilometers .
There are about 30 million people in my country . Most of them live in the north .
That ’ s the really hard to say . I think most people earn about two thousand dollars a month , if you convert the money from our currency into dollars .
I think we are richer than most countries , but not as rich as countries in western Europe . Our biggest problem at the moment is unemployment , which is roughly 8 % . It has doubled over the last four years .
I ’ Ve often wondered the same thing . I also wonder who reads them . Then I realize that I ’ m standing here reading them myself .
I think we picked the right line . This one seems to be moving more quickly than the others .
I ’ m glad . We have only about twenty things here , and I ’ m in a hurry to get home .
I really want to take him over my knee .
If you say so !
Hi , Mary , Hi , Ken I hate to bring this up , but that new stereo , system you got ...
You were playing it very late last night .
It kept me awake .
It kept me awake a couple of hours .
It was that loud , and it was pretty late , and check with Mary if you don't believe me .
I'm very sorry . I didn't realize it . I promise I'll keep it down in the future .
I am glad we've straightened everything out .
What do you mean by that ?
Mothers like that .
I'm at home painting .
I enjoy oil painting . I learned it in one of my extra classes in college .
Hobbies are never too late to learn . They offer a variety of classes at the local community college . You should look into it .
He is a teacher , but he makes a little money on the side by repairing cars in his free time .
Believe me , he is the first-class .
Hi Martha . Everything is perfect .
It couldn't be better . My husband is so supportive with my work and he helps around the house so much .
I'm so happy . Even though we are both working , we get to spend a lot of time with each other in the evening and on the weekends .
In the evening , we just sit and talk over dinner . But on the weekend , we try to go out to the beach or hit a nice restaurant , or go to a nice cafe .
I am not in the mood .
I was told my girlfriend was speaking ill of me . It's a real letdown .
But she did and it made me disappointed .
But she means a lot to me .
Oh , I just can't forget it .
Oh , what does he look like ? Is he tall ?
I can tell it from your build .
Really ? It was on in 1994 for the first time . And it is really a classic .
I am also impressed with the lines in the movie .
That's my favorite .
It deserves . That film can give us a lot of inspiration .
All in all , it will never lose its appeal .
Sure . Now you are talking .
When I was a kid , there was a weather who said there is no such thing as bad weather .
He said there are only all kinds of good weather .
Well , for one , we have an excuse to stay home .
I know that there is hot chocolate in the kitchen and some new Cds just waiting for us .
It's Monday , October 27 . Speaking of dates , when are you leaving ?
Isn't it a Sunday ?
So you are leaving two weeks from now ?
Oh , it ’ s the latest novel by ray blue . It ’ s a sic-fi thriller .
He does . He ’ s good at this genre too . It ’ s a captivating read .
Yes , I would . I need to buy a textbook for my course and , as you know , I love browsing through the latest paperbacks .
I want to look at nelson Mandela ’ s autobiography .
Sure .
BBS means Bulletin Board Service .
A lot of things !
Okay . BBS , an online service , offers a wide variety of online games , files , one-on-one chat , message areas , private mail , and participate forums .
Why not ?
Not really , do you ?
Take it easy . It is all over now . How was it going , anyway ?
That's strange . But probably , it is the new interview technique they call it ' Getting to know you more personally ' . What about your answers ?
I need to return these books .
The cover came off .
How much are you talking ?
That ’ s not bad at all .
Here you go .
You ’ re welcome . Have a nice day .
Maybe it is right since everything is possible . You know the market changes quickly these days . But I still have doubted those funds with bad stock performance . For me , his stock record is the very important criteria to decide which to buy . I really want to decrease the risk reach the minimum and achieve the maximum returns .
If you refuse to take risk , you can ’ t have better returns .
He appeals to the fans thanks to two things
Certainly not . What really counts is to play as a team , passing the ball amongst each other , dodging defenders . Free kicks are a result of all the teammates ' collective efforts.However , a few free kicks often make everything different , especially scoring one such goal in the nick of time .
Yes , his face looks are manly , with a straight nose and infinite eyes . As a man of medium height in the West , he keeps a powerful but elegant figure , looking neither lanky nor stout .
Hard to say . Now the score is in our favor .
They're still fighting hard . Let's wait and see .
Certainly .
Come by any time .
Yes , I'll be waiting for you in my home by 10:00 .
Fully agree . I do enjoy the convenience though I am still a beginner in using Excel . The latest office equipment is more type-functional . It combines fax machine , copy machine and printer in one . It saves a lot of place one machine instead of three .
When will we get one of those ?
Thank you . I am very excited .
I am very happy , too . It was a big game and I won .
It was really an exciting moment .
That may be so , but reading them is an important way to expand your knowledge .
I'm fine , Katherine . I just stayed up late last night working on my Chinese .
You did ? Do tell me . I've spent all these months trying to learn something new about it , but I've made little progress !
So you're learning Chinese songs ?
That's a real achievement . How did you do that ?
It makes sense .
Can Join you , Katherine ? I do want to have a try .
Great . Do you think we need a Chinese dictionary ?
Ok . I will bring it with me .
Hi ! Crenshaw and Hawthorne , at the Holiday Inn that is on that corner .
From China .
It ’ s fine . I am actually from Mexico . I was in China on a business trip , visiting some local companies that manufacture bathroom products .
Don ’ t you know it ’ s rude to ask a lady her age ?
Well thank you ! In that case , I am 26 years old , and what about yourself ?
Really ? That ’ s great ! Do you speak some Spanish ?
Que bien ! Sentences poems habeas en espanol !
That ’ s all right . I understand .
That ’ s ok . Don ’ t be sorry . We ’ ll talk later .
We ’ Ve thought about it , but my husband and I can ’ t afford it right now . The only thing we could afford would be living in the slums , which is something I don ’ t want to do .
Like what ?
That ’ s a good idea . Do you know anyone who has done that before ?
Is the house pretty run-down .
Was it a very old house ?
Is it in a good location ?
No , they have a big new fancy house .
Yes , he does . He is a science fiction writer .
Afraid so . The more the better .
Well , they spend it pretty quick . New clothes , new computers and new cars every year . And they ’ Ve got a cook and housekeeper.Mona used to be an actress , she likes to spend a lot of money .
No . They want children but no luck yet .
Jim likes to travel around the world.That ' s expensive ! So he tries to make a lot of money .
Oh , she enjoys spending money on fancy parties.Mona loves to wear sexy dresses , and she has quite a bit of jewelry .
I guess so . She is also interested in politics . She knows everyone in city government .
She is pretty serious about it . Her uncle is a mayor . She wants to follow in his footsteps .
She might do well . Everyone seems to like her .
Hey , I still know my name .
She said I have a fever but nothing major .
What if this small fever turns into a big fever ?
That would have to be Miss Baymler , my fourth grade teacher .
She was patient , kind , fun , smart , caring , and yet strict , too . I really learned a lot from her .
She taught us that you can do anything that you want to do .
If you really want to do something and you work hard at it , I believe you can do it .
She had some rules that helped us to feel comfortable . For example , the students had to treat each other with respect , or they would be disciplined .
Yes . She treated us all fairly . She don ’ t have any teacher ’ s pets .
Well . To be honest , I usually sucked up to teachers because I wanted them to give me good grades . However , Miss Baymler didn ’ t treat me any differently . She really didn ’ t have any teacher ’ s pets .
As a matter of fact , I do . After she taught our class , she got married and moved to another city . Then , she started writing children ’ s book .
Of course ! Both children and adults enjoy her books .
ok ! I ’ ll bring one to you next time .
Oh , flowers ! What for , my dear ?
Oh , thank you.You are so sweet !
Not particularly . I was rather disappointed .
I ’ d expected it to be much more exciting .
To some extent , he is . And what do you think we move to a better place ? I can't see him clearly from here .
Oh , thank you for pointing that out . By the way , have you been following NBA for this season ?
Who plays who ?
It's amazing . And when did he begin to play in the NBA ?
I can't consider you as a little kid any more . I know he is very tall .
I also heard if a player has committed 5 fouls then he must be out of the game .
That's really terrible . Oh , God , we forgot to cheer for Daddy .
You are always so naughty .
I do not know what I could imagine , but I confess that I have seldom seen a face or figure more pleasing to me than hers .
This is him speaking .
Yes . I am very glad to have the chance .
Just calm down . I'm sure you'll do well .
Oh , I ’ m not . I ’ Ve never had a music class before .
You ’ re having me on again .
December the fifteenth . The day after tomorrow is little Tom ’ s birthday .
Thirteen today and tomorrow . Fourteen the day after tomorrow .
And don ’ t forget Mary , Tom ’ s twin sister . It ’ s her birthday , too .
Are you serious ?
I did , too.Come and visit us again , will you ?
Sally ? She is a bachelor girl . She is an excellent designer . Many of the company's advertisements are her child trains .
Oh , quite the other way round . She is a knock-out . She devotes much of her time to her career .
No , what ?
Why ?
Why on earth would she do that ? You mean that she intentionally did not eat any food for days ? That's crazy !
I can't believe that there are girls who are willing to do that to their bodies . And all for a certain look .
True , but there are limits . Being thin is one thing ; starving oneself to death is another . No one forces them to do this .
I ’ Ve cut it up and come to the conclusion that hi is actually sick of Jenny ’ s brother . But he likes Jenny . She is a big apple in his eye .
That ’ s why many people look up to him .
No , I haven't , but I've seen several interesting advertisements in the paper .
Either something in the hotel business or something to do with travel .
I know.But I'd like to try.Look , here are some advertisements that I've cut out .
Yes , I am . I really don't know anyone .
My name is Bill . How are your lessons going ?
I prefer to learn English . In my opinion , English is easier than Chinese .
You are right .
Hi , Nice to meet you .
Mrs . Smith , what do you do for work ?
Oh . Where do you work ?
I'm a teacher .
I teach English .
At a high school in New Jersey .
I'm 32 .
I'm so sorry , Taylor . Go talk to her . I'm sure she'd be happy to see you .
Yi-jun said Femi was talking about you . So get out there , Tiger !
Can't hurt to try . Carpe diem . Who can say if we'll be here tomorrow or not ?
You should be optimistic about this . Things have taken a good turn . You should remember that less than two centuries ago the dangers of train travel seemed similarly terrible .
It's once in blue moon .
The main one is radiation . There are two sorts of radiation man must fear in space . The first is radiation from the sun , and this is particularly dangerous when the sun is very active and explosions are occurring on its surface . The second , less harmful , comes from the so-called Van Allen Belts .
No , I was out . Was it worth watching ?
Oh , really ? So , Spain is through to the next round ?
Cool down , man . Everyone is fed up with the rush-hour traffic . But life isn't really all that . You should take the initiative and make some changes first .
I recommend you ride a bike instead of commuting by bus . It may offer you many benefits . First , it's good for your health . I'm afraid it's not necessary for me to further elaborate . While lots of people spend time like an hour each morning exercising , a bike ride to work not only builds you up , but also makes full use of time . You might as well sleep out for a longer hour .
Well , such things are just unavoidable in a great metropolis like Beijing . I think a still more desirable benefit is psychological . Bicycling home after work can help release your stress . Life in the offices is miserable . You just sit there in a daze , gazing at the monitor and dealing with files and documents . Why don't you give a full play to your energy after work ? Enjoy the speed on the road . Just think , you are flashing past the poles with your own energy . How great !
Five . Besides my parents and me , there are my brother and sister .
Eighteen .
She ’ s not quite twenty-five .
Yes .
No . But I often send e-mail to them . And make a call to my parents regularly .
Once a week .
Calm down !
Actually , I don't like history . Lately , these shows are always about the Pyramids .
And nobody knows who built them , right ? It's a total mystery !
I don't know . My life is a big mess . Everything is so complicated .
But promise me , you'll keep it a secret .
I've fallen in love with my boss .
Bo , of course not . He is still single .
I try to keep it to myself . But there is a lot of gossip about us .
Worse still , he is trying to avoid me these days .
It gives me a lot of pressure and I feel depressed .
I want to return this video .
I also need to check these books out .
That ’ s everything .
I have it . Here you go .
That ’ s everything .
Thank you . Good night .
I did . Let me go get it for you . Here you go .
I like the way that the gifts I get increasingly more lavish .
So what does it say you should give your wife this first anniversary ?
I can think of two things made of paper — stationery and money .
But you promised to play chess with me this afternoon .
So what ?
I don't care about baseball.You know I need to practice for the chess championship and you promised to help with me if I washed the dishes for you last Sunday , and I did .
When ?
And then , it'll be dinner time , then homework , and then your Show is on.You are going to break your promise .
Well , I'd rather do it the way we set up.But if you promise to give me your best game , it's ok with me .
Probably my parents .
Well , during school , they wanted good grades . Then after I got a job , they wanted me to get a better job . And finally , they want me to get married .
Your parents are not like that ?
You're lucky .
Not much I can do . It's always there . I sometimes go out with some friends and drink , but that's only a temporary solution . The stress always returns in the morning .
Sure . Sounds great . Let's go .
He prefers suits to jackets .
As a matter of fact , he is .
She must be a good wife .
I see .
I don't know . I just woke up .
Okay . It looks like rain .
The sky is gray .
No .
The street isn't wet .
You'd better take an umbrella .
Yeah how ’ d you know ?
Yeah ! I just started my training today and I ’ m not really sure where to begin .
Well , I don ’ t want to be ripped like you ! I just want a good physique with weights and Carpio .
Got it ! Wow is that the weight you are lifting ? My goodness that ’ s a lot of weight !
He's out of John's hands . Nothing he can do about such a black sheep .
I have never tried it .
Sorry , I don't think I can .
Friday is great .
Yes , I am sorry . I missed the bus .
Well , I missed several buses .
I , ah ... , I got have late .
Well , I ... I lost my wallet , and I ...
Yes , I found it again .
This morning . I mean ...
Oh , Goodness , please not again.That ' s what we did last week .
Right , it was a chick flick , just like this one , so what's the difference ? Besides , this is the last week for the third movie in Destroyer series and I want to see that on a big screen . Action movies need to be seen in a theater on a big screen .
Oh , sure , it was great . I had popcorn for dinner and paid the price of a movie ticket to get a two-hour nap .
That place doesn't have a single meat dish.Just fish and shellfish and you know I don't like fish that much .
But when I pick the restaurant , we go to a place that has both chicken and fish . I always respect your food preferences .
Now you're talking , we can see that love story next time .
Really well , thanks .
She's not bad . She's a bit bossy , but I'm sure I'll get used to her .
She's far better than my old boss . He didn't know how to express his opinion without putting at least one other person down .
They are all pretty easy-going . It's a very friendly place to work .
Of course . I spent so much time at my old workplace that I got to know them all very well . They were like family to me .
Sure . Since we work together in teams , we have to get along with each other .
Yes , it helps everyone to understand what we're doing from different perspectives .
I prefer it to working independently . I think most people do .
That's wonderful . Congratulations .
I'd love to . What date is it ?
What day is that ?
Yes , sure . What time will the wedding begin ?
Very good ! I'm looking forward to it . Please give my best regards to John . And I wish you best luck !
Sure , I ’ ll catch the train . If I can ’ t catch the train , I ’ ll get a taxi .
If he doesn ’ t understand me , I ’ ll show him the office address on my business card .
I ’ ll call you if I ’ m delayed .
Yes .
Yes , I'm used to being on my own .
He prefers suits to jackets .
As a matter of fact , he is .
Nice to meet you , Andrew . I am Noirin , Noirin O'Neil .
Noirin , N-O-I-R-I-N , it's an Irish name .
The train station is indeed crowded . I think it ’ s hard for us to get on the train .
yes . I bought a scarf yesterday . It's really nice and warm . Have a look .
yes , I adore simple fashions . How does it look on me ?
how about this blue sweater ?
yes , but I bought it when it was on sale , 50 % off the original price . OK , what do you think ?
I've got a pair of pearl earrings . Here it is .
you have good fashion sense , Karen .
yes , but with our sense we'll always look good .
Well , I ’ Ve got some papers due .
Not too good yet . Better than I was though .
Hello , Brian .
Hello , Bob .
Depends .
Wow ! Besides The Cosby Show , I've never seen a black sitcom . What's this program ?
This show is like a black Friends .
That's cool . I've heard LA has an all-Asian channel on cable .
He isn't a man of good taste for clothes , is he ?
It must be hard being a father .
Maybe you'll only feel that way on Father's Day .
Yes , I should get there just in time for the women ’ s 400m relay .
Yes , I ’ m also going to watch the triple jump and the high jump .
Ok , I ’ ll try my best .
I went to play tennis in the public park .
Twice a week . How about you ?
But it is very difficult to gather a team of players together .
Do you like watching football matches ?
Thank you Bill , and good morning Salt Lake City !
Well , it ’ s a bit of a mixed bag in Utah today . we ’ Ve got heavy cloud cover here in Northern Utah , and we ’ re calling for scattered showers throughout the day , with a day-time high of forty-five degrees.Now , if we move down to the south of the state , we can see that a cold front is moving in.We can expect clear skies , but it will be quite cold , with temperatures hovering around the thirty degree mark .
Well , it ’ ll be a rainy day for Northern Utah.we can expect some isolated downpours in the morning . Winds will be coming in from the North East , with gusts reaching twenty-three miles per hour . Salt Lake City can expect the rain to turn to sleet in the evening . Things are looking a bit better for the South.we ’ ll see cloudy skies with a chance of showers . Later in the day , we can expect partlycloudy skies , with a forecast high of thirty-eight degrees .
That ’ s right Bill . We will have more later on today on the six o ’ clock news . That ’ s the weather forecast for this morning .
You mean as in Sylvester Stallone ?
What's wrong , Julia ?
Don't give up so soon .
Mistakes are just a lessons to learn from .
Do you know Abraham Lincoln ?
He grew up poor in Kentucky and barely had a year of schooling , but he went on to become the President of United States .
He is known as American's greatest president . Do you know why ? Because he fought against slavery and secession at a time in history where others were too afraid to do anything . He succeeded because of his ambition and generous spirit .
That's the spirit . Never give up on your dream .
I ’ m afraid that ’ s not my cup of tea . I just find skin-diving attracting .
Oh , hi !
Pleased to meet you . My name is Alice . Did you just move in next door ?
Me ? I guess so . I've lived here for about six years now . Have you lived in America very long ?
I teach mathematics at a college . What do you do ?
Well , Tom . It's good to meet you . I have to go now . I am teaching a class this evening , and I need to get to the college .
See you around !
Sure , let me give you an application . You can fill it out right here at the counter .
Let me take a look at this for you . May I have your driver's license , please ?
You seem to have filled the form out all right . Are you familiar with our rules and fines ?
The hours and limitations are printed on the card and this handout .
Thank you for joining the library ; we look forward to serving you .
Yeah , Judy . I will be working for the Post Office . It ’ s not a bad job .
That ’ s right . I report to work at 5am everyday , and I only get 45 minutes for lunch .
Well , the government offers its employees excellent health insurance benefits .
Yeah , that ’ s the best part . All of my children can get free medical care .
Now you know why I wanted to work for the Post Office !
Oh , thank God . We all felt frightened by the bad new about him .
Right . Unless , who know what will happen .
No , not really .
Well , it's very expensive and they're usually singing in another language . That kind of gets on my nerves .
Really ? That's really wonderful . I'm so happy for her .
Honey , cheer up .
I'm sure you'll do fine if you try your best .
Be confident , and never give up .
Keep your chin up . Remember ? Nothing is impossible to a willing heart .
fantastic ! I got an overall score of eight .
yes . I'm just waiting until I officially get admitted to the university with a conditional offer to apply for my visa .
no .
that's not too far away . Do you think I'll get a visa ?
yes , I've been to Tailband , Egypt , and Japan .
never .
no , I want to come back to China after I graduate .
I've received a full scholarship , so I won't need any other money to live off while I'm studying .
that's be great . The more prepared I am , the better .
I'm Patti Whitney.Isn ' t this convention great ?
No , I've been coming for the last 3 years.Each year keeps getting better.Where are you from ?
I'm from the other side of the coast--Los Angeles .
Have you been to California ?
How many kids do you have ?
Well , California ’ s changed over the last little while.You should come back out sometime .
Don ’ t you know that she was the only one who had received the invitation in the office ?
Sure .
No.The time we have spent apart has been good for us.Absence makes the heart grow fonder .
I ’ m returning these books .
Here are all of them .
I didn ’ t have time to return them .
How much ?
25 cents a day ?
That ’ s expensive .
That's right . I thought I'd give it a shot .
How about going to the Olympic souvenir store to have a look ? I remember there is one in the gym .
Me , too . What did you have in mind ?
I agree . They're very lovely , especially Huanhuan
The five dolls are sold together as a set , and they're priced according to the size . The bigger they are the more expensive .
I don't think so . All the souvenirs of the Olympic Games are very hot right now .
There are lots of things , such as postcards , key chains , posters and various arts and crafts .
What do you have to do to grease the palm of him ?
You can go and ask your father .
Thanks ! I'm so happy . It's like a dream come true .
Hi Vicky .
Yes .
That's no problem . I just wanted to tell you I'm inside .
On the second floor .
Come upstairs .
Oh , Can you hear me OK ? I said , come to the second floor .
Just looking at some books on how to learn English .
No , I'm still full from dinner .
I don't know for sure . When you get here we'll talk about it .
Bye .
She's my grandma .
92 .
I ’ d say the main reason is poverty . Countries and their people get frustrated because they have so little . If their neighbors have some resources , they try to steal them by military force .
Several of those civil wars have been going on for years and years . It seems they will never end .
I don ’ t think that there is any easy way . The united nations could send peacekeepers into the country . At least then the warring parties could be forced to negotiate . The thing is to find the real problem form the war and solve that .
It sounds easy when you say it like that . In reality , it ’ s harder to make peace between countries .
The problem is that many poor people might suffer .
Well , it's hard to say . I cough a lot in the evening .
You're right , but you know , it's hard to give up an old habit .
You know , I often have to work til late at night . I need something to keep me awake .
Thank you for your advice ! I'll try it .
In that case , I won't keep you any longer . Drop in any time .
See you later .
I'd love to , but my mother asks me to go home before 11:00 every night . She will worry if I get home late .
I have no choice . My mother is always very strict with me .
You're right . Mother's love is the greatest love in the world .
I'm feeling very sad . I just read the newspaper .
According to the newspaper , the town was razed by an earthquake and more than 10 thousand people died in the earthquake .
Yeah , we have to do something to help the people in the stricken area .
It's a good idea . But where can we donate money ?
Yes , let's do it now .
You mean Lily ’ s boyfriend ?
Well , he is a hard case . Everyone would feel headache about him .
That's the new teacher .
She's very nice .
English , of course .
Yes.She teaches our class three times a week .
Not very much .
Haven ’ t you heard ? Richard was fired by our manager .
Believe it or not . Everybody is talking about it in the company .
Me too .
We are not seeing each other any more .
Yeah . I got sick and tired of her nagging all the time .
I don't know . There ’ s plenty of fish out there in the sea !
I wouldn't say that.They seem to be on good terms but actually they always speak ill of each other .
I didn't know about it . What did you do ?
You were really lucky .
I hope I can go to your party .
After going through an episode like that I'm not surprised . How's her headspace ?
I'm proud of you for standing by her . I think you've helped make a big difference in her life .
No , why ?
She doesn't need to do that , I didn't do anything .
No thanks . I like to run in the morning . I ran a couple of miles when I woke up today .
I couldn ’ t either at first , but you get used to it .
Well , why don ’ t you come tomorrow ? I ’ ll stop by your house on my way out .
I ’ ll give you a call around 6 o'clock and stop by around 6 thirty .
Great , I ’ ll see you then .
It's cloudy .
I doubt it .
I really love this music . It's a compilation .
And you got them off the Net ?
Well , thanks for asking for my permission ... Now hand it over and let me record !
Well , Mary types faster than Jones . But I think Jones types more carefully .
Jones can certainly take down letter more quickly , but Mary ’ s short hand is the best in her class .
Both of them speak excellent French . But I think Mary speaks German more fluently than Jones does .
Does he like that country ?
Would you ask him to tell us more about the country ?
Yes , it is . Hi , Tom ! It's a real surprise to see you here .
Nothing much . What about you ? Is everything going well ?
How was it ?
Sorry , I've got a meeting in half an hour .
Great ! It's good to see you . Goodbye !
Give me your email , would you ?
Carrie , are you ok ? You seem a bit down .
Maybe it ’ s just that he is stressed out from work or something . He does have a pretty nerve wracking job you know .
Men are like that you know.They can feel nervous , anxious or on edge and the only way they can express it is by trying to hide it through aggressiveness .
Talk to him , try to cheer him up when he is down and if that doesn ’ t work , I say get rid of him and get a new one !
Hello , Karl . I ’ m Chuck Jones . We ’ re going to be neighbors .
This is a small town , and we like to be neighborly . We know everyone who lives around here .
So , tell me , Karl , why did you come all the way to Minnesota to live ?
So what ?
Not really . I couldn ’ t careless about the Olympic Games .
Yeah , it's very easy . But it's above Nick's head
He's always confused by easy questions .
What ’ s wrong ? That was a great goal .
Looks like you ’ re going to lose out on this game then .
What were the odds ?
Too bad .
Yes , Friday I have a class , right after work .
Saturday my parents are coming to town . What ’ s up ?
No , do you want to go and do something ?
Oh , that sounds great . How about 6 o ’ clock ?
Yes , of course . I need your student ID please .
Okay , Susan . It says here that you are a business major and you are in your second year . Is this information correct ?
Sure.That ’ s not a problem.Do you have the list of courses you want to taketh semester ?
Yeah , that ’ s perfect . What about the subjects for your minor ?
Wow , you are going to be busy this semester ! Okay , here you go . You are registered now . you ’ ll have to make your first tuition payment before classes start .
Not rally . 200 years ago , it was just a small insignificant village .
Large deposits of coal were found nearly and so many industries located themselves here . The village quickly grew into a key industrial centre .
Yes , it did . The names of those village survive as the names of parts of the city .
Oh , yes . Several of the buildings from the villages still survive . Many of them were inns for travelers and today survive as pubs . There was a castle near one village , so our city has a castle too .
Two . French and Spanish .
Well , French was my best subject at school . I can read and write it pretty well .
Well , it's not as good as my French . I can speak it reasonably well , but my written Spanish isn't very good .
In that case , I'm fit for the position I think .
Yes , of course . And I'm amazed the those karate and judo boys were so helpless before the wrestlers .
I don ’ t see any problem , only the car is a bit old .
Get in .
Click your right key of mouse and choose QQ Zone .
Yep ! The nick name for your zone , address , gender and so on . Some of them are privacy , so you have the right to keep secret here .
You can choose one type to make it as your background , and then find a music player and put your favorite songs into it , so your visitors can enjoy the music after entering into your zone .
Certainly .
Look ! David gives his following-comment on my first blog . He is my first visitor .
Yes .
Well , that happens . I hope she is all right .
That is the down side of an office romance . I hope their work is not affected by the emotional stress . The boss must be very annoyed if that will be the case .
Oh where was that ?
Grannie always tries to stay fit and healthy . She is always making us kids eat the proper foods .
She will be 86 next month .
How about 6:30 ?
You know what , I've just got a new job with a computer company .
Yes . I miss you very much .
Have you graduated from college ?
No , I ‘ Ve been waiting for ages .
Yes , me too . I think I ’ Ve lost some important clients recently because of this train !
Oh look ! Here it comes now !
What's that ?
Don't worry about it . It's not new , it already has a few scratches . Did you get hurt ?
That's the most important thing .
Forget about it .
Maybe , but really I have fallen a couple of times and it's been hit once or twice as well .
Yes , I know .
At least I ’ m the one who rates with her . I ’ m glad we can still be friends .
Basketball , I'm a basketball fan .
Well , nothing special , reading , watching TV , walking , and so on .
No , I don't have any hobbies . How about you ?
Really ? How many collections do you have ?
Among those collections , which is the most expensive ?
Yes . Speaking of digital wares , I bought a digital camera last week .
A Sony . It's only one third the size of my old camera and looks rather smart .
Superb ! It's a 4 megapixel one and the photos it takes are very vivid and clear .
Can you stay a little longer ?
Sorry , they are too busy these days .
Yes , I think so .
You , too .
It's my favorite .
Yes , we're making plans for a tour .
Well start out from Long Island this Friday . We've planned a four day drive to Salt Lake City , where we'll join my brother and his family on his fortieth birthday .
Oh , we'll spend the nights in hotels and enjoy local food as we pass by . How does it sound , David ?
Yes , we'll take our time . And we'll go to Five-lake Strict and the Wall Street .
You can say that again .
Yes , would you arrange it for me the day after tomorrow ?
Six o'clock in the afternoon .
Six .
We don't care about money . We'd like to have some good dishes of local specialties .
How many courses are there altogether , please ?
Could you tell me some of entrees about the dinner ?
Very good .
Yeah . I saw a science program . It was quite interesting .
Mars . Scientists say there might be water on it .
I hope so . Did you know the US successfully sent two robotic explorers to Mars last month ?
Yes . Both have sent back pictures of the planet . And the latter did a better job .
I found the ideal position . I ’ m working for a plumbing company .
Plumbing work requires mathematics knowledge , and creativity . I love this job .
I didn ’ t , but I applied for an apprenticeship , and since I studied math , AND I have a good attitude , my application was accepted .
I'm very sorry I can't .
I've been snowed under with work since my boss was away on business .
Stop it . Teacher doesn't treat me any different than she does everyone else .
Hey , I worked hard on that report and I deserve the grade I got .
You're just jealous because you didn't do as well as you thought you did . Admit it .
If you think that she is not fair with your work then you should talk to her in person instead of stewing over it .
I don't know . I'm too excited to say a word .
Yes , too good to be true .
Yes , I see . What did you need to see me about ?
What's the problem ?
Well , I can see that's a problem .
Yes , I can . Would you still like to have both of these classes ?
Well , let me find you one of these classes on a different day .
That sounds like fun .
I think so . Why did you ask that ?
Congratulations ! Why do people hold parties before the baby is born ?
In any case , I like baby showers , because they allow friends and family to share the joy and excitement of welcoming a new life into the world .
Of course . I will prepare a good gift for the new arrival .
What am I doing ? What am I doing ? Don ’ t you know what day it is ?
It ’ s only the day when the world ’ s biggest sporting event is kicking off .
The World Cup ! The first match is today ! It ’ s Mexico vs . South Africa ! It ’ s going to be a really good match ! Both teams have a very strong offense and have skilled players . I think that South Africa will probably dominate the first half since they are the host country , and all .
This is bigger than the Super Bowl , man ! Teams from 32 countries compete against each other every four years and fight to win that trophy . They first start in a group stage with bigger groups , each group having 4 teams . The top 2 teams pass on to an elimination stage before going on to the quarter final sand semifinals .
Are you kidding ? Over seven hundred million people watched the final match of the World Cup ! It ’ s a very exciting and nerve wracking sport ! Each nation is cheering on their team , hoping they will become the next champion . So far Brazil is the team with the most titles under their belt ; they ’ re really good !
Whatever dude , I ’ m going to go watch the opening match .
That's absolutely ridiculous !
Ask John . He is sure to know about it .
He has a finger in the pie .
I just took a shot in the dark .
Let me see it .
It ’ s a letter from NYU .
I didn ’ t get in .
I ’ m not lying .
I had high hopes for NYU .
Hopefully , I ’ ll get accepted to UCLA .
Sure . I've reviewed all the lessons I have learned this academic year .
I am 100 % certain .
I am sure I can get a 95 this time .
I'm sorry . I forget all about it .
It's leap my mind . I really feel terrible about it .
I'm really sorry I let you down . I'll make it up to you somehow .
No , what ?
Oh , no . What kind of trouble ?
Are you serious ? Gambling is a vice industry built on deception and fed by the intentional exploitation of human weakness for the sole purpose of monetary gain ! It disgusts me .
Well , to begin with , Gambling is addictive , ruins marriages , destroys families and bankrupts communities . Once you are addicted it is very difficult to stop . People have lost their houses , cars and been left out on the street after becoming addicted . Secondly , it exploits because men become addicted to gambling most often because of the action and risk . Women gamble to escape , and senior citizens will start gambling for the social interaction . Underage gamblers often start gambling on sports with friends and then illegal bookies .
You cannot predict who will become addicted to gambling . Now excuse me , I have a protest rally to organize !
Aren't you the pot calling the kettle black ? You're wearing my pants right now !
Yes . I dare say it will be .
No . I don ’ t think that ’ s possible . Some places are sure to be open .
Mmm , you may be right .
No . We couldn ’ t possibly .
It will be summer . So it will be hot .
Yes . It could happen .
What did you have in mind ?
I just know I want to get out of the mindless gift trap .
I want to give a gift that is really meaningful .
Or what only we are able to give them .
That means they have tapered legs .
Mine are , too .
Yeah . Let's just lounge around !
Of course not . If you're feeling bad and want to let your emotions out , you can just say whatever you want to me .
Uh , A ... you know I'm friends with William .
What do you mean ?
She is really something .
Hi David , this is Marge . Can you meet me after work for a few minutes ?
That will work .
That will be fine . What I have to show you will only take a few minutes of your time .
Yes . I just need to double check a few details with you .
Great idea ! Peter , I could use the drink .
Sounds good . The food there is fantastic too .
Excellent ! That sounds like a plan .
What is it ?
You big scrooge !
But you may have some trouble convincing the kids .
Now we know that they realize the real meaning of Christmas .
Yes . Are you in his class ?
He really knew his stuff , but he graded hard . Would that be OK ?
I didn't find it overwhelming to earn a good grade if you work at it . Can you do that ?
Man , this guy was so funny when he was teaching . I like that , don't you ?
Did you know that he is a fairly new teacher and very current in his field ?
We all are looking for different things in an instructor . I hope I've helped you .
Uh ... what game ?
Um ... and what sport are we talking about here ?
Oh ... football . Football is cool . I usually try to catch the World Cup finals .
Oh , I understand . I can't say I'm a big fan . I'm from China , and football doesn't have a really big following over there .
Yes , I think so . But to be perfectly honest , I'm not really a sports nut.When I was in high school I played on the school volleyball team . Are you a diehard football fan ?
It seems Americans are very passionate about sports . Is this just a part of your culture ?
It says a storm may come tomorrow .
Me , too . I'm always in low spirits when it rains . Are you going out tomorrow ?
What bad luck !
Yeah , maybe you are right !
I don't care as long as it's a Chinese restaurant .
I really find Chinese dishes more to my taste .
Don't mention it . It's my pleasure . Have you been to one of these large , sit-down dinner parties since you got to New Haven ?
I'll bet you were a little embarrassed .
Cookouts often start slowly . A two o'clock start means you arrive any time after two .
I was late getting back from the mall , but I'm hurrying .
Don't worry . We won't be the first .
Yeah . He really does let me down .
I ’ m at the end of tether . I run out of ideas .
Why not send them short messages ?
Short messages will be kept in the short messages center . Once they open the handsets they will receive them , which is better than you can't find them .
I use short messages quite a lot . If it's not too complicated I will send a short message , which can save much phone charge .
I almost can't live without messages , from which I learn about weather forecasts and stock quotations .
What happened to you last night ? You didn ’ t show up .
I ’ m so sorry to hear that .
Fine , thank you . How are you doing this morning ?
Yes . I've been to New York . I got back only yesterday .
Very much . New York is such a nice place . Shall I show you some photographs ?
You too . I hope to see you soon . Goodbye .
Oh , don't worry . I just killed a pigeon .
It spoiled my painting !
What's the matter ?
Maybe there's something wrong with the program .
That ’ s open secret .
How did you know that ?
It must be Kate .
Hi Tina , It's Joe .
How's the weather there today ?
What's the temperature ?
Have you heard what the weather is going to be like tomorrow ?
I really don't like the winter . I wish it were summer .
It's not too bad , but it's pretty cold here too . It was about 45 today and it rained this afternoon . I heard it's going to be a little warmer tomorrow .
Mike ? How can you trust him to help us ?
He is too unpredictable . He says anything that pops into his head . And then he forgets it all .
Yes , it is . Hi , Tom ! It's a real surprise to see you here .
Nothing much . What about you ? Is everything going well ?
How was it ?
Sorry , I've got a meeting in half an hour .
Great ! It's good to see you . Goodbye !
Give me your email , would you ?
What is it ?
Really ? I can't believe it . It's like a dream come true . I never expected that I would win The Nobel Prize !
Thanks for the compliment .
I don ’ t know . I didn ’ t really feel like going out . I guess I ’ m feeling a little homesick .
I was . It ’ s just that the holidays are coming up and I won ’ t be able to home because I can ’ t afford the airfare . I ’ m just longing for some of the comforts of home , like my mom ’ s cooking and being around my family .
I see what you mean , but I ’ m still bummed out .
You know , I could really go for that . You don ’ t mind being my wingman for tonight ?
Great ! I must warn you though , whatever happens , don ’ t let me go on a drinking binge . Trust me , it ’ s not a pretty picture !
Which flight ?
How about the passengers ?
I'm going to New York to visit my sister . She is in art school . I've never been to New York before . I'm kind of scared .
Well , I know a lot of people have guns there . I think maybe it isn't too safe .
Yes , I'm not really scared . Maybe only a little .
I want to see the museums , and I want to shop a lot .
Hmm . I hope not .
I'm afraid I can't . Parking is not allowed here .
There is a square in front of us . We can park the car there .
I'm not sure , you know I'm not familiar with the city , too .
No problem . You know him . He ’ s the kind of guy that ’ s always willing to go the extra miles .
I bet he will come .
Pardon ?
University ? Why ? You asked me last year .
I went to Harvard University .
God save me ! Is there anything wrong with you ? Didn't I tell you ?
I did a B . A . in economics.Remember ?
Well I wanted to go for a picnic but it rained too much .
I washed my car instead .
No I didn ’ t . I worked in the morning then I played tennis with my husband .
I don't know . Maybe a pair of new shoes .
That's a dandy idea . Thank you for reminding me .
Willing to help , maybe , but not as helpful as you think .
Last night he told the children acliff-hangerstory and both of them were scared out of sleep .
If she has , they must be fair-weather friends .
She'd better keep away from them .
Yeah , sure , you didn't come to class that day ?
Why not ?
Here they are .
Oh , no , this is the rest .
It's no problem at all .
I don't entirely agree with you .
Well , that's a thing .
He must be an experienced accountant .
Great minds think alike .
No , I didn't .
It's a little like being a mom , only I get paid for it !
That's exactly why my business is doing so well !
Well , I've been in business for one month now and I have ten clients .
If you ever need a job , let me know . I can always train you .
Wow ! It's a trivia game all about the Academy Awards .
Does it have questions about foreign language films ? There's hardly any American films worth watching .
The bank closes in 30 minutes and I need to cash a check .
Thanks . But it ’ s necessary for me to buy a TV set .
You can take me to the bank if you want to .
She can cope with it . Don ’ t be such a wimp !
Be careful of what you say , or you ’ ll have to eat humble pie .
Yes , it's most irritating .
We're going to do something about it .
We can't put up with it any more .
I don't think so .
Why don't we call them ?
Yes . Look , it is on my desk .
Not at all . It ’ s a piece of cake .
Yes . It ’ s easy and convenient to use a computer . But it takes a long time to really master it .
Really ? I was quite good at the hurdles and the discus .
I thought you were good at the high jump !
Did you ever win any competitions ?
I came second and third a few times in the regional championships , but I never won . Did you ever take part in the national championship for the sprinting events ?
Very sorry , I am occupied tonight . What about tomorrow night ?
7:00 in my staying hotel .
I don ’ t think so .
The government will never fulfill their promise .
How old is your friend and why doesn't he know how to read ?
Does he even know how to speak English ?
That was very thoughtful of you to volunteer me .
Oh , all right . Have him come over here for dinner . But you get to make dinner !
Really , who started the argument ?
Did you know it takes two to tango ?
Yes , I'm teaching math at Lincoln High School .
Well , the salary is a little low , but the students are nice . How are things with you ?
Now that's an exciting job ! ! !
How did you know that ? I heart Tom ’ s father didn ’ t agree with that .
It ’ s great . Although his father didn ’ t agree with that , Tom went through with it .
I'll let you break the balls this time .
OK . How much do you want to bet on this game ?
Okay .
Do you ?
They look all right to me .
All right . All right .
To be frank , I was married once , and now I'm single .
Yes , my first marriage was a failure .
I went a global warming rally in London . It was fantastic to be around so many people who care about the environment .
it might not be possible to fix the problems that we've created for ourselves , but there are lots of things we can do to prevent more damages from happening .
well , we can use public transport instead of taking our cars for a start .
if you do have to drive , you should make sure that your car runs on unleaded petrol . Also , your home should use sources of renewable energy .
yes . You should take your glass , paper , plastic , cardboard , and tin cans to a recycling center .
I think that the issue of greatest concern is having enough sources of clean water for everyone .
to be honest , in order for the earth to continue to be a habitable place , we're all going to have to become more interested in the environment .
But it's also a sort of exercise and it's good to your health .
You're complaining again .
On that day , boys are supposed to give roses to their sweethearts .
They give chocolate in return .
Yes I am . And you ...
So nice to meet you , David . Call me Bill . It's very nice of you to come here .
Sure , here you go .
Of course . There you are .
Yes , of course . It was nice to see you .
Just watching some TV .
Not really . Just watching the sports highlight on ESPN .
Just killing time until I find something to do . What are you going to do ?
You wanna shoot some hoops ?
Where's your girlfriend ? I thought you were going out with her today .
Let's go to Starbucks and think of something to do then .
I only have a couple left . Why don't you pick some up on the way .
Aright . See you there .
Why tell me ? She has nothing to do with me !
No , I couldn't care less !
oh , don't mention it . It was terrible .
the food station was as crowded as usual . I waited for 20 minutes for my sandwich , and when I finally got it the chicken was underdone .
yes , I know . Fast food is so popular in this district .
anyway , how was your such , Catherine ?
you did ? I thought you must feel right at home here as we get as many fast food restaurants as you do in America .
i guess you're right . More often than not , people go there only for convenience . The foods may taste good , but generally speaking , they are high in calories , salt and fat .
you bet . Almost all top brands such as McDonald's and KFC are from America .
seriously ?
I like variety shows .
I prefer a variety show without a host .
It's my girlfriend . I guess she's playing the army game .
I saw her dating with her ex-boyfriend again .
Maybe . But it still gets on my nerves .
Yes , I did . I heard that they took both drivers to hospital . One needed surgery .
The second driver was luckier . He had a concussion and needed some stitches for his head wound .
I understand that he ’ s connected to a heart monitor and breathing apparatus . His condition can ’ t be very good .
It means he ’ s really badly injured , but he will almost certainly survive .
Happy New Year , Steven .
My whole family are going to Hainan for visiting . What about you ?
I don't know whether she has it bad for me , but she enjoys being with me .
I think I do . I don't think I can be happier with another girl .
That is a deadly risky business . He should have it coming on him .
I bet he is . He domed his own life .
He ’ s been on the gravy train these years , hasn ’ t he ?
It seems that nobody can always expect things to pan out well each time .
Whoops . That's my pager . I had to get it for work .
Well , I know how to turn it off !
Well , actually , I'm not free today . Do you have anything urgent ?
How about tomorrow instead .
All right . See you then .
Here . Are you all right ?
I don't have an aspirin . Perhaps you should go to a doctor .
Really , John . I still think you should go to a doctor . You've been sneezing ever since you entered the office this morning . Why don't you take this afternoon off ? If you don't want to see a doctor , at least you can go home and have a good rest .
You didn't do anything but sneeze this morning , and you can't do anything this afternoon like this . Gee ! You've got a fever .
Listen to me . You go home now . I will call my doctor and have him go over . Ok ?
I'll handle him . Now go home . I'll call you after work .
Well , I'm afraid your father's not interested in modern films .
That sounds fine .
You are pulling my legs !
No kidding ?
You can't beat that .
We've a country house .
Join us , will you ?
Good , thanks . How about you ?
Why ?
But your company is huge . Can't they afford to pay the staff decent wages ?
Why don't you give them a suggestion ?
Pretty bad . I ’ Ve had a bad cold for three days and still can ’ t get rid of it .
No , thanks .
Thank you for your concern .
I'm not really into racecar driving .
Yeah , well , times change . Look at you-you're a father now . You can't say that you haven't changed .
I mean , I know spring training's over , but I'm just not into all that .
I'm nervous as can be .
It looks like you have to buy tickets for us , Jason . And we're not going to see an action movie !
I guess that's just the luck of the draw .
Sorry , not tonight !
no , I can handle it . Thanks anyway .
well , maybe just a little . I can't seem to make it fit .
that's so true . thanks for your help . Are you in the aisle seat in this row ?
I'm in the middle seat .
thanks . sorry for making you get out of your seat again .
no , not at all . Which one would you like--the New York Times or the Guardian ?
I was just going to do a little Sudoku while we wait for the plane to take off , so the Guardian is all yours .
that would be great . thanks .
I'm with you , Jane .
Well , uh ... I didn't catch the last part .
Whoa , whoa , take it easy , relax . Geez , you ’ re sweating like a pig ! What ’ s going on ?
What are you talking about ? It wasn ’ t more than a month ago that you were rambling on about how you are tired of living the life of a bachelor and how you envy your friends that have a family !
Let ’ s think this through . First of all , you cannot leave Amy at the altar . Not only will she be humiliated and kill you , but she is the woman that you love and the woman of your dreams ! Why would you want to end that or jeopardize it like this ? Second of all , you are just getting cold feet . You know deep down inside that you want to marry her , so cut the crap and do it !
Great ! Phew ! That was a close one ! You had me going there for a minute I thought I was gonna have to slap some sense into you .
I had a terrible quarrel with my neighbor yesterday .
It is a long story . Basically , she thought I had laughed at her while I didn't .
Yeah . It's so nice of you to comfort me .
That's the new teacher .
She's very nice .
English , of course .
Yes . She teaches our class three times a week .
Not very much .
Are you kidding ?
Hi Steve . This is Mike . What are you doing ?
There's nothing to watch right now .
Me too . Let's get together and do something .
Yeah . Let's plan something tomorrow .
I think it is going to be the same as today . Clear and sunny .
Are there any special events going on tomorrow ?
Oh yeah . I heard about that too . Let's go check it out .
It starts at one PM .
Perfect . I'll see you in front of the apartment at eleven thirty .
It sounds a good idea . Let ’ s go .
Yes . I heard about that . And I know you want to buy it , but I ’ m not interested in detective novels .
Magazines about fashions , such as Cosmo Polian .
Yes . I can lend you some .
Not tonight . I promised to go to a concert with my sister .
That sounds fine .
I'll be there . You're still a fabulous cook , aren't you ?
I'm ready . I'll look forward to it all Friday !
Really ? Do I look happy all the time ?
Oh , do you know why ? Actually , it ’ s easy . Because I always exercise . My exercise , I think , is very hard . I often feel very good after conquering these difficulties . I feel alive !
Yeah , they are doing it for fun . Seldom would people like my exercise . It ’ s difficult and boring .
But I think Chinese students need to exercise more . Besides exercise will help them learn new things better . Don ’ t students want to have a good memory ?
Well , do what you like to do . It can be anything . Jogging , doing aerobics , going bicycling , and playing ping-pong . Absolutely anything . Doing three or more workouts a week is good for you . But remember to do some stretches first .
Basketball , football , table tennis . I will watch them on TV .
Yeah , it is my favorite . Many Chinese people including women and children would like to concern the game . I think they want to see the performance of coming and YiJianLian , the Chinese players in NBA .
I am good at tennis and skiing . What about you ?
Moderate exercise is really important for health . ' Life lies in movement . '
Good idea . I will take the racket .
Fine , just fine.Thanks .
Well , as a matter of fact , I've got a lunch date with Bob Thomas .
Of course . Are you a new member here ?
Welcome . My name is Johnson .
Do you have any experience using weights ?
Well , first it is important to go through a good stretch.You must warm up properly so that you don't hurt yourself on the machines .
Alright . Great . Then we must get a card for you .
No . Not that . I mean a training card.The card allows you to keep track of how much weight you use on each machine.Here , let me show you .
Now , you can see that on this card there are all the machines listed.So , when you go through the series of twelve machines , you enter in the number of repetitions you do.And you also enter in the weight at which you set the machine .
Yes . And it also reminds you what is a suitable weight for each machine.Today , I will go through the machines with you one by one . I will show you how to use them.And we will determine what is a good starting weight for you .
So you write your name and member number at the top of the card.And then , after you exercise each time , you file the card here .
Are you alright ? Can you do more ?
That's okay . Don't worry.It ' s important not to push yourself . Especially not at the beginning .
We can just go through them next time . It's no problem . Really.The most important thing is to know your limits.So if you feel burned out now , it is good to stop.Because if you strain a muscle or hurt your back , then you won't be able to exercise for a couple weeks . Right ?
Okay .
I'm just trying to complete today's crossword puzzle . Whenever I get the time , I like to do the crossword puzzles in the paper .
I guess you could say that . What kind of games do you like ?
Doesn't everyone ? Which games are those ?
Did you play a lot of games when you were little ?
Do you still like playing those games ?
Everyone in my family really enjoys playing card games .
No , I prefer to play with people I know .
It's a popular game with some people , but I've never played it .
I hate to disappoint you , but unlike what most people think , we aren't all exactly the same !
Maybe he is trying to find a job . When he finds one , everything will be settled .
It's inevitable . Their love wasbuilt on the sand , and this is why their marriage has landed on the rocks .
That give us a good lesson .
I like traveling for pleasure to get places for vacation for instance . But I don ’ t like traveling to work , waiting for buses , or ...
Exactly .
Really ? I remember she said if she would remain single . Is the man very rich ?
You means she didn ’ t marry a rich man .
I thought she would marry a fortune .
I grow a variety of things , so that something is in bloom all year round .
It looks best in spring , when the plum and cherry blossoms are out .
Good afternoon ! Sit down , please.How are you ?
Very well too , thank you very much.Isn ' t it a lovely day ?
Yes .
Mm ... It's quite warm now .
In London.Where do you live ?
Can I give you a hand ?
Sure thing . I've got time .
My feelings exactly .
I couldn't agree with you more .
You are absolutely right .
That's exactly the way I feel .
I'm not sure.Let me have a look ... It could be a coffee grinder .
Yes , it must be used for grinding coffee beans .
Oh ? You hoped to get that job , didn't you ?
I'm sorry . That's too bad . Who is it ? Who got the job , I mean ?
Hmm . Why do you think they gave it to him and not to you ?
You mean you didn't get the job because you're a woman ?
What sort of clothes does he wear ?
Perhaps that had something to do with it .
It's possible , isn't it ?
Well . . . perhaps you should think about it .
I'm not saying you should . I'm saying you should think about it . That's all !
Hmm . Perhaps it should be the only important thing . But it isn't . Not in this company .
Yes , it is . I'm Jennifer . Nice to meet you .
Are you American ?
I come from America . Are you a freshman ?
Me , too .
Yeah . Anytime .
I don't know why , but I think there's something wrong with my hands . I couldn't seem to be able to control it on the first ball .
Then why couldn't I get strike on the first ball ?
Really ? I will try again .
Bob ! I hear your team won the match .
Congratulations !
No I'm afraid not . I'm meeting Ruth then . How about the fourteenth in the morning ?
What about the next day ?
Yes , I think I am . Let's meet for lunch at mouth restaurant .
That's fine . See you there !
Oh , it's really a drag .
Hell with it ! Nobody will give it an Academy award !
It's nothing . I'm just a little stressed out .
School . Since I was working part time , I had a difficult time keeping up with class . Now that we have exams coming up , I'm totally freaking out .
I hope so . I guess I won't be sleeping for the next 3 days . That's what it'll take .
That will be great .
Why do you think the new page is so much better than the old page ? I thought the old page wasn't half bad ...
What changes were made from the old page to the new page ?
Great !
Are you sure ? How do you know ?
Well , I heard that if you drink enough beer , you can speak foreign languages better ...
Sure , here you are .
Yeah , I think the food is alright , it's not too spicy though it's a little salty for me . But you are Chinese , you should have known better .
Oh , I see how this food can be really hard for you . I can sympathize with that . I stayed in Sichuan for a year . The food was difficult at the beginning . Every dish was so spicy . After a while though , I got used to the taste , and now I won't consider anything a real dish if it isn't spicy .
I completely understand . I didn't intend on liking spicy food at first either , but when you have no other choices , you've got to adapt .
Exactly .
Thank you . And a merry Christmas to you !
How long would you like to keep it ?
Yes , that'd be all right .
Yes , at first I felt very awkward . After Bill was demoted and then resigned , it was kind of like somebody died ! I mean the atmosphere in the office was like a funeral parlor or something . And then I was afraid people would look at me as a traitor for filling in his spot when the management asked me to ...
Thankful , no . I guess everyone understands the opportunity I had to step into a leadership role is so great for my career . I'm really moving up the ladder now that I'm considered a supervisor . After a couple weeks , it was like nothing happened .
Yeah , and they also take the blame , that's what happened to my old boss ...
Okay . Loser has to take out the trash for a month .
See you in the court .
Well , it's hard to say . I cough a lot in the evening .
You're right , but you know , it's hard to give up an old habit .
You know , I often have to work till late at night . I need something to keep me awake .
Thank you for your advice ! I'll try it .
Awesome , we went to Australia and New Zealand .
Well , we went bungee jumping when we were in Australia .
A little , but the rush was worth it .
We jumped off a bridge and fell 500 feet before the bungee cord caught us .
Yeah , It was scary , but exhilarating .
He asked me to beef up in the work .
Nothing , thanks . I am just not in the mood these days .
Hi , Joe .
It's really cold . It snowed all day and the school closed early .
It's 20 degrees below zero now . It was even colder this morning .
I was watching the news a little earlier . They said it's probably going to snow tomorrow .
Me too . How's the weather where you are ?
Sure , let ’ s take a look . Sweetie , this is terrific . Your ideas are so original .
I can tell you worked hard on it .
Well , it was definitely worth all the time .
What're you going to buy ?
OK .
Huh ?
It is ? Oh , that's nice .
Actually , I'd forgotten about it .
Because I'm not Christian , I'm Jewish .
It's all right . There are so many Christians in America that everybody takes it for granted that I'm Christian .
Well , I'll celebrate Hanukah soon , but that's not as important to us as Christmas is to you . Mainly I'll just enjoy the holiday break .
Not at all . A party is a party . I'll be happy to come .
Don't worry . Everything will be fine .
Happy Halloween ! What creature are you going to dress up as ?
May I have a look at your costume ?
I like your black clothes and your fangs are cool .
Haha . Wish you good luck .
I'm tired of your cut-and-dried opinions . Who do you think you are !
Why not ?
Yeah ? I guess so . I spent the weekend at beach .
Some friends of my parents live out there , and they invited me there .
I jogged up and down the beach and played volleyball . You know I never realized how hard it is to run on sand . I couldn ’ t get through a whole game before I had to sit down .
I wanted to , but the water is too cold , and I just wetted in up to my knees .
It looks like you could use it . Don ’ t tell me you spent the weekend in the library again .
The brain !
The heart !
The stomach and intestines !
Yeah ! Our kidneys , liver and bladder !
So what do these organs do , teacher ?
Not good for business ? I don't see eye to eye with you.The new policy offers new opportunities .
It's easy . All you have to do is to use your pieces to surround the opponent's pieces and then take over all of his territory .
It's easier said than done . When you actually play , it can be very frustrating .
Hi George ! It's good to see you !
I just opened up my own business not long ago .
I'm a professional party planner here in the city . I do catering and all that .
Well , I don't know about the profit part yet . But I am really having fun !
Yes . I needed a large one . Before , I had a separate refrigerator and freezer , but this has both combined into one .
Yes . You know I ’ Ve been cooking more kind of food recently and I needed some extra space for spices and ingredients .
No , I didn ’ t . I gave them a really good clean , so they just look new . The worktop was in poor condition , so I had a new one added .
Yes , I have . I need them to help me with these new dished I ’ m trying to make . I need a little more practice before I invite guests over .
Yes . I ’ Ve always likes Indian and thai food , so I ’ Ve been trying to make dishes from those countries . I ’ m pretty good at making curries now , but I still need practice at making thai food .
I hope you can stay for dinner . I need a guinea pig !
I love it . All my life I wanted to learn to ski . Finally I took lessons last year .
No , quite the opposite . I thought I'd never stop falling down . Then all of a sudden I started skiing much better .
Every chance I get . On weekends I ski all day long . Sometimes I even ski at night .
Oh , yes . The ski slopes are well lit . It's really nice to ski at night . Why don't you learn to ski ?
Don't be so frightened . It's just a skill .
Zina ? Zina the Snake ?
Yeah ? Which one was that ?
Right . That one . Did it work ?
Yes , what can I do for you ?
I see . Would you like me to reschedule you for another night ?
Certainly .
That's all right . I hope we can help you at some other time . Good-bye .
Sure , go ahead .
Yes , it is . You want go online ? there are no wi-fi hotspots around .
Can't you wait till you get home ? then you can surf the internet using the broadband , wireless connection or whatever you like .
Now I see , you must be suffering from discomgoogolation .
Well , the term ' discomgoogolation ' comes from ' discombobulate ' and ' google ' . Because floods of information are just a mouse click away , net users are very likely to become addicted to the web .
Then , you're probably addicted .
I ’ m sure you do miss that type of cooking . But can ’ t you try to get used to Western food ?
I suppose you ’ re right , Lee . Maybe that ’ s why so many Westerners are overweight .
You see , because we are often busy working , we eat too much fast food , and that food is very fattening .
Ok , on that day , boys usually give roses to the sweet hearts and girls give them chocolate to return .
Yeah , that is the holiday is hot , isn't it ?
That's a relief for me and a misery for the children .
It's too late .
Yeah , I've been there twice .
Oh , it's fantastic .
On my first trip I went to Tokyo , and on my second trip I visited Kyoto .
Very big and exciting , but very crowded , too .
And the restaurant are excellent ... but they're kind of expensive .
Kyoto is lovely . It's full of beautiful old temples and gardens.It ' s a very historic city .
I was in Tokyo in August , and it was really hot and humid . I went to Kyoto in October.It was hot and sunny , but there was no humidity .
I live in Haitian District where there are lot of universities .
I live at No . 50 Xingu Street .
Maybe it was Dick .
Then it must be a naughty boy who did it .
Yes . I'd like to borrow these books .
Thanks .
What happens if I'm not finished with them in a month ?
OK.Thank you very much for your trouble .
Sure , I love curry . Who else is coming ?
I have no plans for Friday , so curry would be great . Which restaurant do you have in mind ?
Which one is that ?
Oh yes , I know which one you mean . I have never been there , but I looked at their menu once and it did look good .
What time ?
That's good . See you on Friday .
No , I was way too busy studying all the time . How about you ?
What was that like ?
What did you do ?
Did you get any perks on the job ?
Not really . It's a dull one , and the production isn't satisfactory , either .
To be fair , though , both the costumes and scenery are marvelous .
There's many books here.What about these ?
Sure.But you can only keep them for a week .
What is the matter ?
That is to say , love is blind .
I'm getting sick of work man . I can't take the political bull in the company any more .
Yeah , but that's not why I am upset . I just found out another guy got a promotion . He doesn't know how to do anything . He sits there and kisses the managers butt all day long .
I'm just pissed that management can't see behind his smooth talking lies .
Yeah . I shouldn't stress about this anymore . It's not like I can do anything about it .
How about a cold bottle of beer .
So why is the face tilted to the right ?
So it's not as convenient for left-handed people ?
I'm left-handed . You bought that watch so that I won't borrow it ...
I am sorry , sir.All the tickets have been sold out .
Sorry , sir . The only tickets of the same performance available are on 21st .
Yes , he does . He of ten has had one to many . But I advised him not to drink too much , he just boasted that he had hollow legs and nobody had ever drunk him under the table .
Yes , we do .
It's 3 nights a week , Monday , Tuesday and Thursday .
It lasts for 9 months .
The next beginning class starts on October 25th .
From 7 to 9 o'clock .
It costs 125 dollars a month .
Thank you , please fill out this form for us .
Yes , please . We need a record of you education and your work experiences .
Seventy-six , I think .
Pretty busy . I have to pick up a lot of credits this year .
I ’ m majoring in French literature .
That ’ s right . We got the assignment last week .
Next Monday !
Duh ! I would say yes ! Eric is the most popular kid in school ! Okay , my turn . What would you do if you won the lottery ?
If you buy me a ticket I will go with you for sure !
Alright this is a good one . What would your mom say if you told her you are going to get married ?
Yes . My car is having problems .
It won't start .
No , thank you . I think I can handle it .
I will . Thanks . That's sweet of you .
I might need some tools though . Do you know where I can get some ?
Thanks . That would be very helpful .
OK . If you really insist , I could always use the company .
I'm terribly sorry I'm late . I just couldn't help it .
Look , just give me a chance . I can explain it .
I suppose I do .
They use said it
It sure is
Well , if you live in other as long enough you love them just as much .
That's for sure .
Yeah , I know .
I know . He doesn ’ t like to ask anyone for help . My dad insists on paying his own bills and taking care of himself !
It seems that folks like my father and your grandmother are determined to be on their own .
Sometimes they are too independent .
I'm doing fine.Don ' t mind me.It ' s a wonderful birthday party.Everyone is enjoying himself .
Don't mention it .
Thank you .
What a lovely dog ! How did you know I love this ?
Maybe you don't believe it , but it was made by my grandmother .
Thank you . Please have a cup of tea .
How about some fish ?
OK , let me make a wish ... Do you want a big piece of cake ?
It is very kind of you . I'm so moved by you .
I met Amanda through a friend .
We started dating right away .
There are some seats in the rear mezzanine .
No , the show is almost sold out .
He's not doing too well .
About a year ago , he started feeling weak all the time .
Maybe a little of both . The doctor's can't point out anything specifically . I think it is because he didn't take care of himself during his youth .
That's what my father tells me almost everyday .
Thanks . I'll let him know .
Oh , no ...
Jen , is there someone you're not telling me about ?
Women are such dreamers .
I ’ m in , let ’ s go !
Geez ! What ’ s the rush ?
Are you nuts ! I ’ m not going to run a red light !
What ’ s your problem ! Geez . Having a fit is not going to help !
I ’ m going as fast as I can !
You ’ re such a geek !
Not everyone thinks Japan is beautiful , but to me its beauty is breathtaking.You feel the same way about France , don't you ?
Well , it's made up of four large islands and many smaller islands located off the coast of the Asian main lands . France isn't an island , is it ?
Good harbors ! Yokohama is one of the most famous port cities in the world , and Japan is the largest shipbuilding nation in the world . Also , there are long mountain ranges in the southern is hands . France isn't very mountainous , is it ?
The Japanese climate is warm and moist in the south , mild in the central part and cold in the north . Except for Hokkaido , we don't get much snowfall at all . France has a mild climate , doesn't it ?
Yes , Japan is good for farming . Rice is the main crop , but Japan is also an industrial center . Fishing is very important , too . Rice isn't grown in France , is it ?
Yes . I'd like to visit France . I'd like to travel all over the world . As you describe it , France seems to be very much like Japan . I would like to see it for myself .
He is sly . He is actually angling for compliments . But he may have got the crush on you .
Keep your fingers crossed . He may pop the question one of these days .
I had a terrible quarrel with my neighbor yesterday .
It is a long story . Basically , she thought I had laughed at her while I didn't .
Yeah . It's so nice of you to comfort me .
It's still early .
Since we're late , let's go to see a film .
My condolences .
Why are you asking me the strange question , Jerry ?
Well . I think IQ matters more . But it won't work without EQ .
Because an intellectual mind can only be a beneficial thing in life .
That's why people's achievement varies greatly .
Yes , Jerry , can you share your understanding of EQ ?
Quite right . Have you noticed that a high IQ is not a must for one's success ?
Yes , his IQ is high enough for him to embrace the success as long as he can manage his EQ .
Wait a minute ! Just hold your horses ! What's your hurry , anyway ?
That won't take long .
Well , I'm not quite ready .
You wouldn't do a thing like that !
So so .
Well you should have picked , in the end you always complain about everything .
I ’ m thinking of taking you back home . I thought we could have a nice evening , but you ’ re always so negative .
You see , that ’ s what I ’ m talking about , I can ’ t stand your sarcastic jokes anymore
Well he ’ s more of a man than you are ; at least he appreciates love stories .
Don ’ t criticize Mario or else I ’ ll start on those fat , drunk friends of yours ; they ’ re no saints .
You ’ re unbearable ; you can walk home , I ’ m leaving .
Well , I studied French at school , but I ’ Ve forgotten most of it . I learnt some Russian while I was studying there and now I study Spanish in evening classes . Do you speak Japanese at home with your parents ?
How do you find studying a language on the internet ?
I bet you find the character difficult to write !
So , you can read and write much better than you speak and understand other speakers , right ?
In a way , it ’ s similar to your experience of learning Chinese . Some Spanish words are very similar to English ones . But I need to practise listening to native speakers and saying the words myself .
Sorry , I thought you knew .
Didn't I ?
Well , I am telling you now .
I didn't think you would be interested .
Sorry , I didn't think it mattered .
Yeah . We went to a movie last Saturday . We saw Police Partners II .
Richard did , but I didn't . Of course , I told him I liked it .
Well , we went to a dance club .
Yeah , we had a great time . And we're going to go there again next week !
I think I will continue my studies . Now it's not easy for a graduate with bachelor's degree to get a job since there are so many graduates with master's or doctor's degree . We are likely to lose in competing with them in the job market .
Well , I think so . But I am thinking of going aboard to get a master's and doctor's degree . If can get a Ph . D . abroad , it will be much easy for me to get a job at home .
I think I will try to get the scholarship since I really don't have so much money to study abroad . Actually now I am preparing for the TEFL and GRE exams . If I can get high marks in the two exams and if I am lucky enough , I may get a scholarship .
Did you get any ?
How much is the ticket ?
My feeling's exactly .
I couldn't agree with you more .
You are absolutely right .
Yeah , I think so . Oh , by the way , I need to ask you something .
Could I get back the sweater you borrowed ?
My boots ? Er ... Sure , ok .
I spent the morning at the cemetery . I put flowers on the graves of my old war buddies .
They should . This holiday is about remembering our war dead . But people these days think it's just a holiday for summer sales and cookouts !
Really ? Their songs are very popular all round Asia now . I am also a big fan of theirs .
I really love their dancing . They are all excellent dancers .
Sure . I think you can hear the song everywhere you go now .
Why not ?
If you would like me to , I could help you with that .
I have plenty of time to do this . I promise you it won't be a problem for me .
If we work on this tomorrow night , you could easily be ready by Friday .
That would work out well . Bring any concerns that you might have .
Don't worry . Everything will go well . I promise !
Why ? Did tom pop the question ?
Let me guess , your parents want you to marry a Chinese man , right ?
I used to have the same problem when I was with my ex .
I just let it go and continued dating with my Korean boyfriend . But finally we broke up .
Simple . We had personality clashes and there were too many cultural differences .
He hoped to live in the Korean way and asked me to give up working and stay at home to take care of the family .
Yes , he said it would be better for me and for the whole family . But I simply can not quit working .
Not really . There are many successful mixed marriage around us .
He is in the bedroom and fallen asleep .
He ran four miles and came back dead beat .
Hi . You look excited . What's happening ?
And you're planning to enter ?
Is there a prize ?
Do you think you have a chance ?
But you haven't practised all that much .
Don't be too sure . You're still going to need some help .
OK . Good night , then . Have a good sleep .
That is a good idea , I love it . What time do you think is convenient ?
Ok , I will inform everybody when they come back from lunch . It has been a long time since we had the department dinner last time . I am sure they don ’ t want to miss it .
Today is Thursday .
Today is May first , 2003 .
Well , I don't think so .
That would be fine . Where are you going ?
Great .
Ok . I like fishing very much .
The same question to you .
Deal , Where is Gucci ?
Oh , look at her . She looks like one is the basketball babies in NBA .
Get real . Don't be so pathetic .
Oh , man , look at her , go ! She is amazing ! She should be my sis .
Yes , I want to be her boyfriend . Just like in the movie .
She told me she liked my new haircut . She thought it was cool .
Which John ? Mr.Turnbow ’ s son ?
And he ’ s bright and intelligent . I ’ m sure he can pass the university entrance exam .
How ’ s your boy , Jack ?
Poor boys ! They work harder at school nowadays , don ’ t they ?
No , thanks . I have had enough .
Please bring me a cup of coffee .
Give me 10 yuan , your ID card and a photo of you please .
Yes , it is . But you must pay a deposit for the card .
Yes , if the card is well kept and has no dirt and scratches .
Me too . No one has expected he can really get somewhere with his business .
Perhaps they should give it a second thought . The residents are getting up in arms about it .
To tell you the truth , I don't think much of them .
A lot of people feel the same way .
With pleasure .
Me , what brought that on ?
What does it say ?
Like disco ?
And disco a kind of nightclub .
So ... disco is what the music is called and a disco is a place where people go to dance to it.And breakdancing is a different sort of thing altogether .
That would be a possibility . Where is this fundraiser taking place ?
Do you need it for the whole weekend ?
We will need to know who will be driving the van .
It needs to be back on Sunday night . Can you arrange for that ?
Just keep track of everything and get it all back where you took it from by Sunday evening .
I don't know . Who ?
the Canadian rock singer ? But I heard you had a part-time job yesterday . How did you see her ?
so you're a big fan , eh ?
and she was in a movie once again , right ?
what was your impression of her when you saw her in person ?
did you take a photo with her ?
crazy !
What ? Again ? Why do you keep running out of money ?
No , I think it's how you budget your life , that's the problem .
True enough , until the time comes that you need to take my money . I don't know where you're wasting your money but I think you need to take a look at what's really important .
I don't just survive . I put money away as well . I know when I get paid where most of the cash will go , and I stick to my plan . If I follow a budget I don't have any nasty surprises .
In a few months I'm planning to invest my money into some foreign companies . I think you need to reevaluate your spending habits .
I think that the public transport system could be made simpler . I never know where the bus routes actually go . The routes seem to twist and turn rather than going roughly in a straight line .
If we built more roads , people would just fill them with cars again . I think we should discourage people from using their cars .
I think we should do a few things at once . Improving public transport would encourage people to use that . If we also charge people to use their cars in the city centre , they won ’ t use their cars as much .
I think that they should pay more tax . Look at the damage they cause to the environment and people ’ s health by discharging all those exhaust fumes .
That ’ s a good point . Car owners will probably be against it , but people who use public transport will be in favor of it .
Today is December twenty-third , two thousand and two .
Merry Christmas to you .
Yes , I am .
No , I transferred here .
I transferred from PCC .
I wanted to attend this school originally , but my grades out of high school weren ’ t good enough .
PCC is great !
Thank you very much .
On this occasion , most people do .
She is a beautiful bride .
Are you crying ?
Harris and Anne are perfect for each other .
You and Tom also make a great couple .
For the wedding ?
Try to catch this bouquet then .
is that the girl you spent almost every weekend with ?
I am not good at picking gifts . Maybe you can ask if there's anything she needs to make it easier ?
yeah , that's nice .
a plant ? That's creative . I'm sure ever time she waters it she'll think of you . But there is a problem . Do you think it'll be able to go through the customs ?
I don't know . I think the idea of a plant going across borders with a friend is really exciting but maybe seeds would be safer . You don't want to get her in trouble .
My invitation ? No , I haven't . My invitation to what ?
Whose house warming party is it ?
Oh , they have ? I didn't know . I haven't seen Tom lately .
Have you seen the house ?
Is it nice ?
Well , that does sound nice . Have they moved in yet ?
When are they going to have the party ?
Wow , that would be something to look forward to .
Yes , I ’ Ve been there several times on business trips . But I have never really seen the terra-cotta warriors as it is outside the city .
I agree . As long as the food is not too bizarre once I saw some people eating insects . That is frightening .
Well , the airport is quite far from the downtown area , but it is still more convenient than taking the train .
I know there is a beautiful farm in the countryside near Taipei . Are you interested in going there ?
You can see many cows and horses there . lf you are brave enough , you can try horseback riding . it is fun .
Wow ! It is huge and you can do many activities here .
I never knew there were so many fun things to do on a farm .
I think we need to buy some baits and borrow some fish poles first .
Of course . I will .
It is . However , you will suffer from muscle pain for many days you are a first-time rider .
I'm ok . I wish I could say the same for my friend .
he was arrested by the police for drinking and driving .
unfortunately not . He was charged with a DUI when he was in university .
not much ; it was a minor offence back then . He got away with a fine of $ 500 .
no , they were really easy on him . The problem is that that was a long time ago . They are much tougher on crime now .
well , he'll definitely lose his license , pay a fine , and maybe even spend some time in jail .
not yet . If we can't find a lawyer for him , then the state will appoint him with one .
that'd be great ! I know he'd appreciate your help .
Is that so ? I didn't know it.Can I possible borrow a jacket and a tie ?
Then we return to the hotel and come back.Will you change the appointment ?
At seven , please .
A party of three .
Yes , we do . I think we have the same musical tastes .
I'm not a very good singer , but I'm a really great dancer ! I love hip hop dancing .
it's easy ! Just go and get a card .
Not yet .
Yes , he married my sister ten years ago .
Yes , my sister loves his personality .
I am swapped with work after 10 - day holiday .
I went to Paris .
That's more like it .
They might actually win the game .
Sorry , I can ’ t . I ’ m busy .
I always do volunteer work on the first Saturday of every month .
I help out at the children ’ s hospital . I help plan activities .
Yeah . It ’ s exciting . This month we ’ re doing crossword puzzles .
Can you take he away from me ?
She kept on bothering me .
But I am her brother , not her servant .
Calm down . Madam .
I am very sorry to hear that you ’ Ve been having so many problems .
I understand why you ’ re angry , Mrs . Wilson , and believe me , we are doing everything in our power to work this out .
If you could just give us a few more days , we should be able to get this straightened out .
What exactly ?
In your first letter , that is , when you apply for admission , you should also tell them you need their financial aid .
If the aid is available , they will give you two or more application forms , One is for admission , the others are for the aid .
They will tell you the aid is impossible .
Oh I didn ’ t go . I stayed at home with my family .
We watched lots of television and films .
Yes , we ate a delicious meal and drank some very good wine .
It's about 5 degrees centigrade .
The weatherman says it's going to snow tomorrow .
I think I'll soon get used to it .
lt's about 180C , but in winter the temperature may fall to 10-15 degrees below zero . And we have a long winter .
I prefer spring when little by little everything becomes green and the weather is almost always nice .
But Ben is not a bad man . I know him from A to Z .
I can understand that . But ...
Me ? Why me ? Why not you ?
And you think I fit the qualifications ?
Really ? What is there to do after we graduate ?
I'm honored that you think I would be qualified . But I would really have to think about this first .
I knew there would be a shower , but I didn't realize it would rain cats and dogs today .
I know . I don't want to get sick , especially during finals week .
They must have just come back from tomb sweeping because today is Tomb Sweeping Day .
Tomb Sweeping Day is a traditional festival in China , on which many Chinese mourn the dead .
People go to the cemetery to pay their respects to the dead .
Ohm , hello , Marcia . I was ...
Well ... thanks , Marcia.It ' s very nice of you to say so . I mean ...
Do you really think so ? I mean , was I ? Er ... you ... must be disappointed .
I called in sick .
It's a huge headache . I have no idea what I want to do .
It should be , but there are too many options . My grades are good enough that I have a lot of choices , but after that ...
Yup , you understand . And my parents are trying to pressure me into going to a Catholic college . They both attended one and think that it combines a good education with good discipline . And the tuition 3 is usually pretty low .
Thanks for the information . And good luck in your college search .
Are you thinking about a public school or a private one ?
Public schools are usually state funded , whereas private schools usually get their funding elsewhere .
One isn ’ t necessarily better than the other . It depends a lot on the school administration and the teachers .
Yeah , sometimes .
Is this something that you could schedule for another time ?
Have you arranged for someone to take notes for you ?
You know that I only allow one absence per semester , don't you ?
Write down your name and the date on a piece of paper and give it to me .
Well , have a good day off from class .
Ashes to ashes and dust to dust ...
I'll tell you all about it another day .
You ladies look very elegant in black . But I don't want you to wear black in my honor for a long time yet to come ...
Exhaust fumes from vehicles cause a great deal of damage to the environment .
As much as I love this city , I think I'm going to find a greener city to live in . Living in a polluted city like this just can't be good for my health .
What is the greenhouse effect exactly ?
I see , so it's similar to global warming ?
I heard that some people in England are pleased with the fact that the climate is becoming warmer because it's making their towns a more pleasant place to live .
People always seem to make jokes as a way to deal with unfortunate situations .
I'm not sure .
OK , let's go to the cinema to see what's on .
It is impossible . You cheated on me .
Shut up !
But you have had lily already ? You should have told me about her , but you didn't .
Leave me ! Go away !
I would if I could .
Yes , With pleasure .
On the contrary , I think he's very serious .
So they're easy to remember .
He's an old antique , very serious .
Hey ! How about your history teacher ?
I'm sorry to hear that .
Sounds good . What should we see ?
You mean the one starring John Travolta ?
Sounds like an interesting film . Let's meet at five o'clock on Saturday .
What is it ?
All right .
No problem . I'd be happy to .
What can I help you with ?
What is it ?
I can understand the problem with that .
No problem , do you want those classes still ?
Let me see if I can find one of these classes on another day .
Are you sure of that ?
They may have some difficulty in doing it .
So I hear .
After all the crises they have survived together , her husband should do such things . She must feel that she ’ s been stabbed in the back .
The headlines are all about the presidential election in the united states . Few other stories made the front pages .
There ’ s an interesting feature article in the chronicle about doing business in china and the daily news has printed a report about the special economic zone near pairs . We have a subsidiary company l
Generally , the reporters take positive lines . They do point out a few problems that we need to be aware of , but there ’ s nothing worrying in the reports . In the classifieds , one of our competitors is a
Not really . They all seem to focus on the election . There have been several letters printed in the chronicle regarding that controversial article on drugs that they printed last week .
Sure . There you are .
That would be terrible .
Oh , how were you saved finally ?
Well , I have been in a host home before . During my first year in the us , I stayed with a family . They are nice .
Well , that depends . If you stay for a long time . They will offer a discount .
That's about five blocks . And around corners too.So he was definitely following you .
Actually , I don't think you can call the police . Not yet at least.He hasn't done anything . And probably the police will just ignore it.But if anything happens again , then maybe you should call .
Of course you can call the police if you want . That's not what I mean . I'm just saying that they probably won't do anything .
Listen , Carol . Don't let this bother you too much.Probably it's nothing . Just keep your eyes open when you go out.If you see him a third time , and if he follows you again , then I think we should go to the police.But for now , just try not to worry .
It's Gone With the Wind .
I enjoy the various characters and the plot .
Is it very interesting ?
If I have a chance , I'll enjoy the book .
That's a good idea . Let's go !
I would like to check out these books .
Yes . Here you go .
I do ?
Exactly how much do I owe ?
I won ’ t be able to pay that right now .
I will pay it . Don ’ t worry .
That's a very good question . Choosing proper courses and effectively planning a college schedule is very important to the progress toward your educational goal . In order to do these wisely and effectively , you should consult with a Program Adviser or Academic Counselor .
Ok , I will go into more detail . A Program Adviser or an Academic Counselor is usually an experienced professor who is responsible for all the necessary academic counseling through graduation . You can discuss with him the program selection , changing or adding a program , the requirements for graduation , and other problems related to your study . You will choose some courses , and then discuss with the adviser whether your choice can meet the requirements for graduation .
Sure , very difficult .
It's my pleasure to talk with you .
Yes , in many ways it is . There are many stereotypes I have to deal with in my daily life .
Well , like since I'm black , I must like rap music , come from the inner city , or play basketball well .
Hey ! But that's not the only problem . There's also the affirmative action stigma .
I know that , but some people don't think like that . And I get problems from teachers as well .
Racist ? Not exactly . It's how they look at me and ask for my opinion on a topic , as if I can speak for all black people and give them the black opinion on a subject . Suddenly I become the representative of the black race , as if we all had the same opinion .
What do you need ?
What building is it in ?
Oh , I know exactly where that is .
Sure , what room number is it ?
I have a class around there right now .
No problem , come on .
Yes , I watched once .
Well , honestly speaking , I went to watch it out of curiosity . I'd say it's really a special art form .
Really ? Good for you .
OK ! How about Scrabble ?
OK !
Our cousin Pete ! My turn ! She has a pointy nose , sunken eyes and a mole on her chin !
Your future husband !
Everything is great , Tad . How are you ?
Tad , I'm pretty hungry right now . Want to walk over and check out the food table ?
That is Mary . I heard that she's just moved in with Lee .
Oh , that relationship is history . Malia hooked up with a guy she met on holiday .
Actually , he was OK with it . They hadn't been getting along too well .
I was not born yesterday .
I don't think you really want to hear about it .
To be honest , it was horrible ! My manager is such a pain in the neck !
Well , he made quite a few mistakes on the monthly report and when his supervisor found them , my manager blamed them on me !
There wasn't really anything that I could do . There's always been a lot of bad blood between my manager and myself . If I had said anything , he would have fired for me for sure .
He treats everyone pretty poorly , but the way he treats me really takes the cake !
I really have no idea . All I know is that the thought of him really curls my hair !
Not really . I'm hoping to live with it for a while until I get a promotion .
I try to be sensible about it , but it's not very easy . Sometimes you just have to grin and bear it .
Yes I can . I speak it very well .
I lived in England when I was a child .
Well , I know a little Italian .
About David , No , I didn ’ t hear anything .
Sorry , I don ’ t quite follow you .
Oh , that is a shame . He is really hard working .
We have a fairly good working relationship , but there was also a rough spot .
Well , he has an amazing ability to analyze information and he is very good at making the right decision in tough situations .
She is now in a private school .
It's idea of my husband . He is always banging the drum for better schools .
How much is it for each square meter ? How large is the apartment ?
That surely will cost you a lot of money . Are you going to make a full payment ?
If sounds so tempting . Why not go applying for a loan from the bank ? They charge very low interest , so you can choose whether to pay up the balance in 10 or 20 years .
I'm glad you like it .
Not at all .
I'm glad .
Yes , of course , please follow me .
This is our courtyard .
Yes , about 46 square metres .
Yes .
They don't have enough time to peel it after they harvested them , so they hung them in the tree . Then in winter , they can peel corn ears in their leisure time .
Oh , I ’ m going to meet my girlfriend in Thailand .
Actually it will be my first time to meet her .
That ’ s true . But we have known each other over the Internet for a few months now . Actually we are on an intimate level . We even plan to be engaged next month .
The Internet is making interaction much faster . People are getting to know each other much more quickly this way .
I've been really busy . How is everything ?
Yeah , why not ? I've got a little free time on my hands . Where do you want to eat ?
It does seem like the perfect day ! I ’ m glad we chose to get out of the city and enjoy the nice weather ! This looks like the perfect spot ! Ok kids , put on your sunscreen while your mom and I set up camp . Here , Mary , help me lay down these beach towels .
Ok kids , here ’ sa beach ball and a Frisbee , a pail and a shovel . I want to see an impressive sandcastle by the time we leave . Don ’ t stray too far . Wait ! Leave your sandals here or put on your wet shoes .
You ’ re back already ? The water was too cold , huh ? I ’ ll tell you a secret . Do you see that small pool of water over there ? It ’ ll be warmer in there . Go see if you can find some seashells or catch some minnows .
Ah ! Not on me ! Ow !
Hi Angela , it's Dan .
Good .
Yes , I was taking a shower when you called . I saw that you called and I tried to call you back , but I think your phone was off .
Oh , is that next week ?
No , of course not . I already bought them a present .
Sure . Does she know your friend ?
Are we all going to drive together ?
Do you also believe in Santa Claus and the Tooth Fairy ?
I mean that you're gullible . You shouldn't believe everything you read , especially on the Internet .
Sounds like a pyramid scheme . Have you heard of those before ?
It's a scam 7 that's based on a hierarchy , like a pyramid . The person at the top asks the people below him for money , and then tells them to go and ask other people for money while sending some of it back to him .
Not exactly . The scam keeps on going , with the people at the bottom paying more and more money until they reach the very bottom .
Nothing . The people at the bottom give their money to the people above them , and they get nothing . They end up losing . That's why it's a scam .
Now that you mention it , I'm getting a little bumed-out from studying nonstop , too . Listening to some music for a while would suit me just fine .
You sure have a lot of discs here .
To tell you the truth , I'm strictly into classical music . You don't happen to have any Bach or Mozart , do you ?
Well , speaking of history , let's get back to the books.We ' Ve got an exam tomorrow , remember ?
Next Saturday ? I ’ m sorry . I ’ Ve promised to go to a Chinese Opera with my daughter .
Yes , Sunday sounds fine . What time ?
It suits us fine . We ’ ll see you then .
I agree , I think that that would be perfect !
That might be a little too cold for some people .
What about April ? April has good weather that isn't too cold or too hot .
You know , maybe we could take a survey to see how that works for everyone .
Fine ! Well , I'll get right on it now !
I need to check these books out .
Here it is .
Really ?
How much do I owe ?
I don ’ t have that much today .
I ’ ll pay it as soon as possible .
Huh ?
It is ? Oh , that ’ s nice .
Actually , I ’ d forgotten about it .
Because I ’ m not Christian , I ’ m Jewish .
It ’ s all right . There are so many Christians in America that everybody takes it for granted that I ’ m Christian .
Well , I ’ ll celebrate Hanukah soon , but that ’ s not as important to us as Christmas is to you . Mainly I ’ ll just enjoy the holiday break .
Not at all . A party is a party . I ’ ll be happy to come .
That's a good idea.What time is good for you ?
Sounds good .
Of course , this is my first time here . My Mom has a membership here . Here is the card .
It's not so wise that you do not explore the children's market .
Well , I want to become just like Bruce Lee . What should I do ?
I am still young . And I'm growing every minute .
I love running . Anything else ?
I'm perfect with my clothes . And I do not have anything else with me .
Oh , that's the only place where jeans are not popular . I'd better just go home .
Really ? Can I join it ?
How can I join it ?
OK , thank you .
No , it's not .
Don't mistake her as somebody . She ' s my older sister .
I love going out into the countryside for walks or bike ride . I love being out in the fresh summer air . How about you ?
What do you do in winter ?
I think most people do . I like wearing nice , colorful clothes in summer , you know , a nice dress or skirt . It ’ s too cold for those kinds of clothes in winter .
Do you think we ’ ll have a nice summer this year ?
Thank you . Same to you .
I've been invited over to a friend ’ s , and you ?
Yes , we do .
It's 3 nights a week , Monday , Tuesday and Thursday .
It lasts for 9 months .
The next beginning class starts on October 25th .
From 7 to 9 o'clock .
It costs 125 dollars a month .
Thank you , please fill out this form for us .
Yes , please . we need a record of you education and your work experiences .
I think housing is a big problem . There are thousands of homeless people on the streets .
I have a good idea to solve it . The government could provide some money for homeless people to build their own homes .
I think the government can afford it . Besides , there are many advantages . Homeless people would find it easier to get jobs if they had an address . They would learn some useful skill for finding jobs i
If we are to invest more money to education , we will need to raise taxes . That wouldn ’ t be popular with voters .
The government should show that it is using money efficiently . Sometimes you hear about how the government has wasted money on a project .
No , I'm scared of cats .
I feel they're dirty .
Sorry , but I ’ m not really that interested in those things .
Really ?
Oh , I don't care about that .
Are they ?
I am afraid I am not interested in fashion .
But thank you very much all the same .
Hi , Gary , what happened ? I was waiting for you at the theater . Why didn ’ t you meet me there ?
Don ’ t you know our movie starts at seven ? And we were going to meet at the theater at five to seven . Then it doesn ’ t make sense to meet at the apartment .
Why don ’ t you try to be clearer about your intentions ?
It ’ s okay . I don ’ t want to go now . We ’ Ve already missed ten minutes of the movie . I don ’ t want to see a movie without watching the beginning .
I hate school !
I messed up my mid-term exam so badly today !
yes , but it's so humiliating ! I don't want my friends to know I failed !
I don't know . I sat down in my seat , looked at my paper , and then my mind just went totally blank .
no ...
I watched TV .
no , not really .
tomorrow .
They have moved to Chicago .
Mr.Smith has changed his job .
Why ? What's eating her ?
I don't have the slightest idea .
What ? Not my Dad , I hope ! ?
No kidding ! Jack is such a log ! He's never dated a girl .
And the problem with Jack is that he seems to have no interest in girls . He's putting his heart into his stamp collection .
Yes , but I doubt if I get it . I've never got it .
At least , it is better than my boxed lunch at work . I'm so fed up with the bland food . Thank you for having lunch with me !
It's hard to believe that you like it . You are so easy to be satisfied .
Eating is important . You are what you eat . It's not only a daily routine .
No . I'm going to pay the bill for the company's lunch .
Well , the bill is paid by month . That's probably the only thing that I like about a take-out restaurant .
For what ? I thought you didn't like western food .
That's really smart . My son Daniel is the same with your son . I just don't get it , why all the kids prefer western food to traditional food .
That's for sure . It's always hard for the parents to say no to their children .
I need to return a book .
I want to check these books out .
That ’ s all .
It ’ s right here .
Yes . That ’ s it .
All right . Have a good night .
Most people like football . More boys like football than girls . A few girls play it really well . Some people like playing basketball .
More and more people like it now . fewer people play table tennis than before . Many people like swimming , because it is fun and keeps you fit .
Extreme sports are only for a small minority of people . Several people from my university enjoy them , but most of us just watch . No one I know plays golf .
A great deal of people follow rugby in my country .
Oh , you're welcome .
Sarah and I could see eye to eye with each other .
No , I encourage her to go her own way , but she's now having a change of heart .
When do you leave ?
Take care of yourself and don't forget to keep in touch .
Yes . It was sunny and warm yesterday but the wind is really blowing hard now .
I'm going to put on more clothes , too .
I don't know . Do you like snowing ?
You can read the newspaper . Maybe it will tell you whether it will snow or not .
I agree . We need to recycle our trash and use public transportation more often .
Have you heard of motor coaching ? It's one of the fastest-growing segments for the travel industry .
It's almost like going on an ocean cruise except that you go by land . Everything is planned for you from the moment you step on board a luxury coach .
Oh . no . The motor coach is air-conditioned , there is a galley for food preparation , movies or music are available for your entertainment and attendants are there to take care of your every need .
Tom Hanks is always my favorite film star .
Many !
Certainly . It ’ s actually the Chinese New Year and is regarded by the Chinese as the most important holiday of the year .
Family members usually get together on the Eve of the New Year and have a special dinner to celebrate . Relatives and friends often visit each other during the holiday to wish each other a happy new year .
Yes , just like Christmas in western countries , it is a time for eating lots of special food .
Really ? Why ?
Oh , it's unbelievable . She is such a chain smoker .
Oh , she is going to be a great mother .
Never ! He ’ s over 80 , isn ’ t he ?
Good gracious ! Are you sure ?
Is she really ?
Really ? Quite a woman , isn ’ t she ?
I know it's so exciting ! A new year is always like a clean slate . Fresh start to accomplish any dreams , objectives and goals .
I was thinking about it , but I'm never able to keep my New Year's resolution . Last year for example I joined a gym and only went twice .
That seems reasonable . We should get together and watch the ball drop in Times Square .
Well , we can't break tradition ! It's bad luck !
Yes , I am.You must be Tom.Nice to meet you .
Be careful , Tom.Those are pretty heavy .
I'm a student .
Tsinghua University .
Have you any definite idea ?
I think you'd better try an active job .
Hey , Pat ! Yeah , I haven ’ t seen you in ages ! How is going ?
Yeah ? How ’ s he doing ?
Oh yeah ?
Ha ha , really ?
I got rid of that clunker . This is my new one .
Jump in , I'll give you a ride .
Yeah , it costed a bundle alright .
Yeah , this sucker is the fastest thing I've ever owned .
We are on the high way . I'm the * * .
It's a great feeling .
Thanks , Daisy .
It's bulldog 123 .
Yes .
What do you mean ?
456 Cherry Drive , Pasadena , CA 91170 .
So what's the problem ?
Oh , I get it . My email address is bluedog123@yahoo.com .
What can I do for you today ?
Tell me the problem .
Oh , I see .
Do you still want both classes ?
I'll try to change one to a different day .
It would be very hard work . Are you sure ?
Running a farm would be totally different to you current job .
You ’ d need a lot of training before becoming a farmer . It ’ s not something you can just walk into .
Well , I ‘ d certainly come and visit you . It would be great to take a working holiday on a farm . I ’ d love to get away from hustle and bustle of the city for a while .
no idea . We've enjoyed both the natural scenery and the city sights . What else is there to see ?
you mean visit a factory ?
good idea ! I've always been interested in that . How much is the entrance fee ?
really ? What do the companies do that for ?
oh , i see . So factory tours are good for companies as well as visitors .
do we need an appointment beforehand ?
How can you tell the difference ? From what I see , they look almost the same .
Yes , they are different ! But it's too professional . What I need is just being able to tell the real from the fake . Do you know any method we can use to tell a fake ancient coin ?
I see . By the way , China was more than once ruled by foreign tribes in history . Did they issue their own coins in China ?
If you happen to find one , please bargain with the owner for it . I'd like to have one . It's interesting to see the integration of the Han and Mongolian cultures on this small piece of metal .
It's the fourth one this year . Isn't it horrible .
It may take many years for the trees to grow . I hope people will stop cutting down trees .
But we can't destroy our forests to get the wood .
Just having a chat .
What ’ s wrong ? I want a break from this horrible job .
Would you like to buy a bottle for me in the shop ?
Ok , I will go there myself .
It doesn ’ t matter . Oh , God , I have only four dollars in my wallet . Is that possible for me to buy one ?
How about coming with me to meet my American friends ?
Okay , I'll pick you up at eight o'clock .
I look at myself in the mirror . Sometimes , it ’ s not a pleasant sight , especially if I have been out late the late before .
I usually don ’ t have time for a bath in the mornings , so I just take a shower . Sometimes I need a cold shower to wake me up and sometimes I need a hot one , especially if it ’ s winter and I need to warm up .
I shave every workday , but I only shave at weekends if I ’ m going out somewhere . If I ’ m staying at home , I don ’ t shave .
Yes . I brush my teeth in the morning , just before I go to work . It ’ s actually the last thing I do before leaving . Then I brush again before bed .
No , not at all.Go ahead .
Yes.Is that so important ?
Yes , I have a three-year-old son .
Why not ? What's wrong with it ?
Would you like another one ?
Hmm ... have you got a receipt ?
Yes . I must see your receipt . You can't have your money back without receipt .
Hi , Mary .
Yes . I ’ Ve got a meeting in a minute .
Right . I ’ ll see you later .
To be frank , I was married once , and now I'm single .
Yes , my first marriage was a failure .
No , I can manage it myself.Just sit down , please .
Never mind .
How could I help but follow it ? The fluctuation of dollar is killing my company ! The exchange rates are eating into our profits , and we can't do anything about it .
Every day I have less money ! I haven't spent anything , it is just melting away because of the shifts in exchange rate .
What about the Yen ?
Great idea . Unlike you , I just want to enjoy watching the sea and playing with the sand . I do not want to get a tan because I look good in pale skin .
While the pale color symbolizes beauty and elegance in most Asia countries .
I will bring a big hat and apply a lot of sunscreen before setting off the beach .
( At the beach ) My bag is so heavy . Let's put the stuff under the tree .
I can't wait to play in the water . My feet are burning when I stand on the sand .
Just a minute . It ’ s ten to nine by my watch .
What ’ s the hurry ?
It ’ s plenty of time yet . The railway station is very close . It won ’ t take your twenty minutes to get there .
Yes , I packed it myself .
It's my health-conscious lunch , good for my health and beauty .
Yes , such as Christmas and Easter .
Thanksgiving Day , Independence Day .
Don't you know they've already broken up ?
And he's so handsome .
It seems like he's not coming .
Sure .
no . It's all yours .
Carson . It's nice to mee you , too .
it is unusually warm . I blame it on global warming .
so sure . Are you from around here ?
where are you from ?
I am from Texas . I was in China once , but it was a long time ago .
I did . I especially liked the food . What do you think about the food here ?
Is that the Da Vinci Code that you've got there ?
no , but I saw the movie . What do you think about it ?
well , this is my stop . it was nice talking with you .
Yes . That would be good .
What's the matter ?
You shouldn't have used the machine . Did you lose your money ?
You ought to complain . These machine are always out of order .
Yes , what a wonderful day ! The sky has cleared up in the end .
How about taking a walk in the park ?
( After they entering the park ) Great , it's so quiet here . We have the park to ourselves , only you and me .
Oh , I see them . Beautiful weather should be shared by all the people .
Oh , don ’ t talk to me about last night ! It was the most awful evening I ’ Ve ever had .
Well . Mary had promised to be my date , but she stood me up . I waited for her for a full hour in the cold wind .
It was boring . The music was too slow and the food was lousy and , above all , I was really sick of the same old crowd all the time .
I left after the opening dance . I couldn ’ t wait to get out of there .
Let me see . Laptop , flash disk , a ballpoint pen , a pencil , a notebook , a pair of glasses , cell phone , charger , moisture , notion , ... Oh , that is too much . You are not going to a business trip .
Actually , the company will provide you with all of these supplies . So , you can leave this very thick notebook at home .
Suit yourself . Don ’ t forget to set the alarm clock .
Because they are full-grown . Look at their curvy figures .
They suddenly become shy when they speak to boys .
She is certainly not my kind of girl .
You are so Platonic . Those naive girls will eventually grow into real women . They can't resist love , and men cannot resist their attraction either .
So do I . The sun ... the sand ... the ocean !
Oh , Tom ! They sound fantastic . I really like all those things .
Well , except fishing . To be honest , I hate fishing , but I love all the others .
You know . I really don't those big hotels .
Don't you know that ? It's panda .
OK , then put on your glasses , and do you know what does the panda eat ?
That's right .
You sound quite knowledgeable .
Actually , it likes milk too .
Do you know other famous animals in the world ?
That's right . OK , let's move on .
I attend an aerobic class three times a week .
No , I feel young , fresh and energetic .
Of course I did . I dreamed to be a pilot when I grow up . But unfortunately , I didn ’ t realize it .
Okay , forget about that . S , do you have some practical dreams at present ?
You're promising . Just follow your dream and never give up .
Emm ... yes . But I wasn't too impressed . I found her a little stuck up .
Tom ... you are her boss , you down . Of course , she's helpful to you .
I don't think so actually . She never even says " hello " to me .
I don't know . Well , my contract here is for one year , and I don't know what I should do after that . Maybe going around for a while .
Actually , I am learning that now . But it's too hard for me . You know the four tones and the stuff . It really freaks me out .
You hit the nail right on the head .
What is it ?
Awesome . I've been giving this a lot of thought . When can we do this ?
Ok , cool .
No problem .
Yeah , really .
Hi , I ’ m Susan Marshall , You can call me Susan.Nice to meet you .
Well , I ’ m a college student.How about you ?
Thanks.Miss Zhang .
Really ? I've already opened this one.Say , this is sweater , and it's just what I need to go with my new suit.Thank you ever so much .
I haven ’ t decided yet . But I may go out .
I want to go to Shanghai , but I also want to visit Hainan .
I don ’ t know . How about you ? are you staying here or somewhere .
By train or by plane ?
Can you imagine she's over forty ?
Absolutely.She ' s a teacher of aerobics .
What's the matter ?
What teams are playing tonight ?
That will be a tough match , right ?
What are we waiting for ? It's already 7 pm now . Let's buy some drinks and desserts now .
Goofed off ? Maybe , but I'm not a clock-watcher . I finished doing what I should do and then knock off an hour earlier .
I'm sure of what I'm doing .
You can say that again . Susan ’ brother dropped in from out of town , so I offered to put him up for a few days . But he ’ s driving me up a wall . This guy is bottomless pit .
He doesn ’ t lift a finger ! I bend over backwards cleaning up all day and he sleeps in until noon .
You think he might stay even longer ? !
That wouldn ’ t be a lie !
How ? Do you want to play strip-trivia or something ?
Why don't we just make it a friendly game ?
It ’ s broken . I just bought it yesterday , you know , it costs me $ 556 .
Mike suggests me to return it .
I quite agree with you . They are terrible . They are complete waste of time , but my wife disagrees with me .
I couldn't agree with you more . There aren't enough educational programs , and even the news shows are not well done .
Do you think it fits me ?
I bought it at half price .
Yes , but I don't know much about it .
My favourite is Jasmine tea . I like its aroma .
I ’ m not in the mood .
I was told my girlfriend was speaking ill of me . That ’ s a real let-down .
But she did and made me disappointed .
But she means a lot to me .
What's the cause ?
I see why it lags behind other towns .
I ’ m very fond of you .
why ? You mean a lot to me .
what question ?
you know that I care for you . I---I ’ m proud of you .
I---I don ’ t feel like saying it .
Is it stimulating ?
I hope I still have chances .
Hi . I ’ m calling about your continuing education program .
I want to become certified in computer programming . Do you offer any part-time courses for adult further education ?
How do I sign up ?
Great !
It's been a long time , hasn't it ? How have you been ?
I've never been better , thanks .
Yes , I think so . If you want to graduated this year , you've got to take a science course .
Well , I have to take biology , chemistry , maps and physics . What you need is a good introductory course for non-science majors .
That's a problem .
Is that right ? I hear all these horror stories of internet business crashing because there is not enough of a customer base yet . How can you be sure your idea will cash in ?
That's marketing research ... But what about getting started once you have an idea ?
Sounds like a lot of work !
Yes , I did , but Linda stood me up . She didn't keep the date for the first time .
I don't know .
I did phone her this morning , but she hung up on me . I think she is going to walk out on me .
I will . Thanks for your advice .
Thank you , Lisa .
Oh , great ! I love it ! You know I've been expecting this for a long time .
Come here ; let me introduce some friends to you .
I know the Chinese teachers had their first festival in 1985 .
What will you do on Teachers ' Day ?
I intend to invite him to dinner .
Does it work ?
Don ’ t count on it . I think the best way to prevent AIDS is to keep yourself clean by having clean sex and keeping a regular sex partner .
That's because he's getting nervous . Anyway , this is the first time he's directed a play .
Yes , you're right . Maybe there's any other reason .
I got the short end of the stick .
Oh , no ! Why ? I was looking forward to seeing you at my new place .
No problem . Call me when you get back .
That's good for me , but do you think you'll be back by then ? I'd really like to see you .
Great ! That's settled then .
Nice to meet you , Lvan.My name is Alike . I'm from Japan .
A second language is always difficult .
A crazy language ? Why do you say that ?
No wonder you say English is a crazy language .
Yes . Look at these historical relics here , amazing !
For protection . Some relics will turn to dust if exposed to air .
No , there isn't . There is a vacuum in every box .
Yeah , they all come from a very ancient time .
It was made 4,000 years ago . It's priceless !
I was drying my hair and ironing my shirt ! Can you come here for a sec ? I need your help .
I don ’ t know what to wear ! Ok , give me your opinion . Do you like the way this looks ? The striped short sleeved shirt with this checkered sweater and my lucky sandals . I like the cut and hemline of these shorts so I think I ’ ll wear these as well .
Thanks honey ! You have such great fashion sense.Now , what am I going to do with my hair ?
I need to return these books .
Here they are .
I forgot they were due .
How much is the late fee ?
So I have to pay 25 cents for each day the books are late ?
That ’ s a lot of money .
Rock'n'Roll , I guess .
Not really . That ’ s pretty heavy metal .
I had to go get a cavity filled today .
I don't even wanna talk about it . It killed me !
It took quite a while , but the worst part was getting numbed . They had to give me 3 shoots .
No kidding . Not only can ’ t I stand the pain , but man ... dentists are expensive . The bill is going to be humungous !
I do , but it still does not cover everything .
The same to you !
We're having some friends over.What are you doing ?
Why ? Are they good ?
I'm ready ! Whoa , what a hard throw ! I can't get that !
Ummmph !
I ’ m just looking at this map of the world . I ’ m preparing for a geography class .
No , there aren ’ t . this map just show the geographical features . Look at the Himalayan plateau with the highest peaks in the world .
I find it incredible how millions of years of volcanic activity have created mountains thousands of metres tall .
The oceans and landscapes all influence our climate .
I'm going to a disco with my friends .
John , they are old-fashioned people from the Chinese countryside . That ’ s their custom .
Don ’ t your relatives visit other relatives ?
I think that maybe Chinese families are closer than your families .
Thursday .
I'd love to .
It does seem like the perfect day ! I ’ m glad we chose to get out of the city and enjoy the nice weather ! This looks like the perfect spot ! Ok kids , put on your sunscreen while your mom and I set up ca
Ok kids , here ’ sa beach ball and a Frisbee , a pail and a shovel . I want to see an impressive sandcastle by the time we leave . Don ’ t stray too far . Wait ! Leave your sandals here or put on your wet shoes
You ’ re back already ? The water was too cold , huh ? I ’ ll tell you a secret . Do you see that small pool of water over there ? It ’ ll be warmer in there . Go see if you can find some seashells or catch some
Ah ! Not on me ! Ow !
Well , for many international students , coming to the United States and living here and studying can be quite a daunting experience , especially when finding a house on campus or off campus .
I think first of all for first-time students , coming and living on campus in dormitories can provide a certain level of security .
Uh , when you live off campus , there might be a certain amount of flexibility in choosing roommates that you might not have when living on campus .
Well , of course , the choice is up to you . Good luck !
It's Clive of course . Where did you come from ? Every girl knows Clive !
He is everybody's type .
Shooting guard . The same as Michael Jordan !
Used to . But now he is too old to play in a fierce game like this . But Kobe is the upcoming superstar now .
That is not true . They are just jealous of him !
You know what , he is also an outstanding football player . He is surely to be a star of tomorrow .
You are so not here ! His girlfriend is one of the cheer leaders .
Haha ... please don't tell me you've got a dead stack . I hate making cold calls ...
Don't worry , I've gotchy covered .
Shandong .
I ’ m very sorry to hear about that . So are you all right ?
Oh , you poor thing !
Of course I won't chill out . Opportunity knocks only once .
You're right . I will have a talk to her about that .
I usually ride my bike . Which form of transport do you prefer to use ?
I think we should discourage people from using their private cars . They produce too much pollution !
Cars might be convenient , but they're so bad for the environment .
No . I used to have one though . Once I started using my bicycle to get around , I found that I didn't really need it .
You could try . It would save you a lot of money .
If you got to class by riding a bicycle every day instead of driving , you will get lots of exercise , too !
Let's go to a car dealership . I'll help you try to sell your car for a good price .
That's why he's very popular among girls .
You are !
A tough job . They even offer in-service training every Wednesday afternoon .
I don't like it . I am not used to this kind of 9 to 5 work hours . Above all , I hate talking to those poker faces everyday .
I guess so . I am badly off and I need this job .
When does the library close ?
Does it close at that time every day ?
Is the library open on Saturdays ?
What time do you open and close on Saturday ?
Okay . Thank you very much .
No , that ’ s all . Thanks .
It can't be that bad .
At least the subway is better than the bus . It's faster for one thing . And usually less crowded . But the drawback is that the subway is more expensive than the bus . It adds up over time , if you take it every day .
I ride my bike . I don't live too far away , so it's pretty convenient . it's only about a ten minute bike ride from my house to the office .
Yes , not only a good way to keep in shape , but a good way to relieve stress as well . While you're stressed out by your commute , I'm releasing all the stress of the day with mine .
I didn't like her butting in where I didn't want her . She's a chatter box .
I know . But I just can't stand her butting in when I was trying to emphasize a point .
What did he say ?
Why ?
It is stupid to say so .
Well , they ’ re completely different . Reading is passive , and writing is active .
In reading you need to recognize language by seeing the words on the page and knowing what they are . In writing you have to produce language , you have to create your own words on a blank page .
A reading knowledge of a language is larger and different from a writing knowledge . Don ’ t you think so ?
Exactly .
They ’ re both harder than reading or writing .
Because they are direct communication with another person , and there ’ s a time limit . This time limit is the most serious problem for foreigners , even for those who know lots of English .
I ’ m not trying to discourage you . I ’ m trying to help you . You have to live with these difficulties . Isn ’ t it better to know about them ? The more you know about what you have to face , the better you ’ ll do . I promise !
I am happy . I just bought a new car .
It ’ s a great car . It ’ s very comfortable and it goes really fast .
Put it this way – it wasn ’ t cheap .
It ’ s red and black .
Fine , I'll take a taxi .
Never thought about it , I sure you are right . It's quite a short walk .
I schedule my appointments from two to four on Saturday ; what works best for you ?
Great , do you need directions to my office ?
Well , just make sure to go through the double doors , and I'll be on the right .
It's very easy to find .
I will enjoy seeing you ; have a good week !
That's disgusting .
What ’ s wrong ? Slow down or you are gonna give yourself a heart attack .
Take it easy ! Let ’ s go to the mall , window shop a little and see if there is anything she might like .
That ’ s where you ’ re making a big mistake ! You can ’ t just guess peoples ’ likes or sizes ! Especially with clothes or jewelry . On top of that , I think that you should get your mom something that shows how much you love her . At the same time you should show her that you took the time and effort to look for something that she would really like !
Yeah , tell me about it . I know ! Your mom is trying to learn Spanish , right ? Why don ’ t you get her a gift certificate for this great website I saw called SpanishPod .
Oh , thank you ! It's very kind of you . Ah , it is a porcelain vase .
Yes , it is lovely . I have been expecting something like this for a long time . Thanks ever so much .
Cheer !
Half past seven in the morning .
In the market .
Bottoms up .
Thank you . This place is nice .
Not really . It's much warmer usually . Your are not used to cold weather ?
Well , You'd better get some more warm clothes .
I would say it's about 5 degree Celsius .
Good evening , David.Good evening , Mary.It ' s so good of you both to come .
it's Beethoven . Do you like it ?
I don't know about that , but I do think that it helps people relax .
actually , I mostly just listen classical music . What about you ?
what kind of music do you prefer then ?
not really . I don't think pop music has much depth .
how long have you been in to pop music , then ?
not really . When I was little , we didn't really listen to music at all .
well , when I was about 10 years old , I started playing the piano . I think that's how it all started .
yes , it's one of my hobbies .
Fine with me , but no more chafing dish .
I'd love to try some snacks .
Kebabs and roast squid .
Help yourself .
Yes , I've been sitting here for a few minutes . I'm waiting for someone to put gas in my car .
Self-service ?
Are you serious ?
Yes , I'm from Taiwan . I never heard of a gas station where you fill up your own car .
Do I really have to do it ? I don't know how .
What sign ?
I see .
Why ? Did you open an attachment ?
I kind of like it . He looks better that way , doesn't he ? More presidential .
Yeah , their expressions were exactly the same !
I bet my button dollar that he won't . He is no more than a nine day's wonder .
Many people like him get a flying start but soon disappear .
Yes.It ' s sometimes scary if you think of the tremendous amount of media we face every day .
Which financial magazines and newspapers do you think do the best job of checking facts ?
I like to read Fortune .
Where does a broadcast company get most of their information ? I hope it's not just from press releases .
But sometimes when a flimsy report , or even a rumor gets on television , there's going to be a terrible ' echo chamber ' effect .
There will be a parents ' meeting in our class this Saturday and I am worried about it .
I didn't do well in last exams . If my father knows it , he will beat me up .
You know that my father is irritable .
Good idea .
Yes , we're hopping on the bandwagon and signing up for the union . Mostly people are pretty happy about it ... I guess it depends on if you are in management or in the labor force .
Sure ... but it's probably better for the workers , because the union's whole purpose is to look out for the little guys . The only way that the little guys can take on the big bosses is if they unite . Labor unions are all about getting a voice for the underdog .
That all depends on how the visiting team shapes .
But two players of the team have been booked and one is out .
Wow that ’ s great news ! They ’ re a great couple !
You aren ’ t going to a strip club , are you ? I don ’ t want you getting a lap dance from some stripper with the excuse that it ’ s your friends party .
Well , I don ’ t know .
Good , because my friend Wendy is getting married and I ’ m organizing her party !
I just don ’ t find it very interesting .
I think that for a lot of people , it ’ s just a way to try and show their country is better than other countries .
I ’ m not sure about that . We still have many wars in the world . I think that the idea behind the Olympics is a good one , but the reality is that during the Olympics countries compete . There ’ s no real spirit of cooperation and people are usually not very friendly to each other .
Well . I think that the most amazing performances are by athletes who participate in the Paralympics .
Thank you . But a number of things have been going wrong lately .
Oh , the whole house needs re-painting for starters . The carpet in the living room is worn out , and I'd like to put in new wall-to-wall carpeting . Last week , I had to call the plumber to fix the toilet . Anyway , all par for the course when you own a house , I guess . I think I am going to hire an interior decorator to look the place over .
Go right ahead .
Well , you really do have a talent for this , Alice . Thanks for the suggestions .
It's a camera .
Not even funny , Billy . This is my new snapshot sticker camera .
Well , there are adhesive strips on the backs . You can stick them anywhere .
I'll meet you at the Gate round about seven .
At the Gate .
Round about seven .
Peter.Peter Brown , you know.Don ' t forget to bring the letter .
I told you not to forget to bring the letter .
You'd better tell your sister what happened and face the music .
That sounds great !
I'm in a good mood today , actually . How about you ?
What's wrong ?
I see ! Do you want to ask her out ?
You can ask her out for drinks after work .
Then you've got a lot of work to do . You need to get her to notice you first .
You can start by meeting her at the bus stop and saying ' hello ' to her .
That's something you need to overcome . Men should make the first move as most girls prefer being chased .
Good luck !
Sure . Come on in .
what about taking her for a dinner or a movie ?
well , there is a play on campus this weekend .
what's the matter with these ideas ?
what about going on a picnic ?
you can also take her to the art museum or a cafe . Certainly , i must come up with something you can use . how do you like the ideas i am giving you ?
Hey , Andrew . How's everything with work ?
Really ? What's he been doing ?
Are you ? What are you busy with ?
Yeah ? I guess so . I spent the weekend at beach .
Some friends of my parents live out there , and they invited me there .
I jogged up and down the beach and played volleyball . You know I never realized how hard it is to run on sand . I couldn ’ t get through a whole game before I had to sit down .
I wanted to , but the water is too cold , and I just wetted in up to my knees .
It looks like you could use it . Don ’ t tell me you spent the weekend in the library again .
Yes , of course . This is really a nice party with wonderful people and lovely wines .
Thank you for the invitation .
Yes , please . Thank you for everything .
Yes , I do . I ’ ll walk you there .
Are you applying to study or work abroad ?
What do you want to study ?
Have you got your visa yet ?
I see.Is it your first interview ?
Yes , there is a lake in the park . It is very beautiful .
It ’ s a good idea . But I am afraid it ’ s too cold . It is very windy on the lake .
So the reform can not be carried out well .
Easier said than done .
Oh , no ! No more paddling ! My arms are sore !
Beth , what date is today ?
What is the date today ?
Oh , i almost forgot . Today is my mom's birthday .
Thanks ! I will do that ! When is your birthday ?
Wow ! What a lucky girl ! Your birthday is on Christmas Day .
April 2nd . I missed being a target of a lot of jokes by one day . I guess I am lucky , too !
Thanks .
I guess so .
That should work out great . You are miracle worker ! You have got me awake and motivated .
Very good ! Chinese food rules ! I expect the next time .
it's very nice . I haven't heard live music in a while . This is fun .
of course . But I'm afraid I'm not much of a dancer ...
you're dancing so well .
when did you learn to dance ?
it's hard to say . It depends . But I love the waltz .
oh , I like it . It's such a beautiful dance , but I can't do it well . What about you ?
thank you for the dance .
ok .
Well , Mr . King is singing .
He ’ s standing on a ladder and banging some nails into the wall with a hammer . Now he ’ s hanging some strong strings on the nails .
She ’ s bringing something pink for Mr . King to drink . Now she ’ s putting it ... OK .
The ladder ’ s falling ?
He ’ s hanging from the string . He ’ s holding onto the string with his fingers and shouting to Mrs . King .
No , she ’ s running toward our house . That ’ s her ringing the bell .
Oh , you are so nice . What a lovely scarf .
Of course , I like it very much . Thank you .
Yes , of course . Have you got the tickets ?
Matinee or evening ?
Circle or stalls ?
Wonderful , I'll go with you .
Off campus or on campus ?
Why don't you park in the parking structure for students ?
It's on the west side of the campus .
It was empty last time I went up there .
I went up there early this morning .
It might be . You'll have to go see for yourself .
What kind of movie is it ? I don ’ t like many of his movies , actually .
I like thrillers and I like Julia Roberts , so it might be interesting . I read a review today and the critic didn ’ t seem to be very impressed .
He didn ’ t say it was bad , but he said that it wasn ’ t as good as it could have been , particularly as there were some good actors and actresses in it .
Good . Dinner is nearly ready and I ’ d like to watch the news before we go . The Oscars were last night and I want to see the results .
are you serious ?
but why ? Did I do anything wrong ?
hey , come on . It ’ s too early to say that . We can fix things .
but I still love you .
I knew this would happen some day ...
well . It ’ s not all my fault , Anna ...
I would like that Anna , but I think I ’ ll need a little space for a bit .
shall we keep Our friendship ?
Excited ? What's there to be excited about ? It's just another company dinner , right ?
Really ? What kind of prizes ?
A new car ! You're kidding !
Wear red underwear ? ! Does that really work ? Are you going to try it ?
Gee , I don't think I own any red underwear , but I can buy some !
I don't quite remember . Why did you ask that ?
Oh , my . What did you do ?
Did you call the police ?
It was terrific.The concert was really a hit.The symphony orchestra was so good that I was completely absorbed in their performance .
Oh , speaking of the conductor , he is indeed a genius.He did a perfect job.His name is Menuhin , a descendent of Russian American immigrants .
Absolutely right.He gave a performance of Felix Mendelssohn's violin concerto.That caused a sensation.The audience were stunned by his pure tone .
Yes , I did .
No , have they had another fight ?
You must be joking . Those two ?
So when did this all happen ?
Well , I believe it now , and when are they are getting married ?
I can hardly believe it .
Oh , come on.You ' Ve just started .
I like them very much . They are delicious .
Daniel , hold on for a minute . What are you trying to pull there ?
Oh , you want my chocolate cakes , so to speak !
Daniel , carrots contain much Vitamin C . It is good for you .
Oh , stop it ! You know you need vegetables . You will end up fat if you don't watch your diet , now .
Oh ! I heard that he loves to boss people around .
How did you know that I love red roses ?
( at the dance ) That band is playing good music . Shall we dance ?
Foxtrot . Oh . you're a good dancer .
I prefer the old style of dance because I enjoy holding a pretty girl like you closely .
Good .
Do you mean this Saturday ?
Thanks for inviting me , Jack , but I ’ Ve already made plans for this weekend . I won ’ t be able to come , I ’ m afraid .
Yeah , that ’ s too bad .
Sure . Thank you for saying that . Actually , those songs were sung for the first time today . I wrote them in the past two months .
You can say that . But my band and I also sing regularly in several other places , too .
I picked up guitar at an early age , maybe around 8 years old . Afterward , I taught myself by listening to some records of top players .
Oh , I'm afraid I can't . I've had a date already .
Maybe some other time .
Oh , hello . I'm Bias Chettri .
Pleased to meet you too , Ms Jenson .
Thank you . Wow , your school has so many honors . Congratulations !
Excuse me . I wonder see Dean Mr . Lee first . I was wondering if could you tell me where his office is ?
Excuse me ?
Thank you very much . It ’ s very kind of you .
This is it ?
Listen , Nancy . If I don't work hard , I will be laid off .
Come on , Nancy . Play it cool . I go with you and burn the middle night oil tonight .
I was turned down again . It ’ s frustrating . I guess you ’ Ve got to teach me some skills .
At least you know what American women generally like in a man .
American men are naturally taller than Chinese men . So even if I exercise , there aren ’ t many chances .
You know , that ’ s going to be a tremendous change for me . Because I never exercise .
Why do you listen to rap ?
Heavy metal music is a lot different from rap music.You can dance to heavy metal .
I can't dance to it . And I know you can't either . Because I've seen you try .
Katherine ? Well , she's good at languages .
She knows how to speak Spanish and Japanese .
And she's good at sports , too . She knows how to play tennis and basketball .
But there's one thing she's not good at .
She's not good at remembering things . We have a date , and she's an hour late ! !
Yes . I gotta review all of them for the final exam . It is just around the corner .
That depends . Some semesters have many , some don't . And some courses don't have exams but only ask for papers . That's easy .
Honestly speaking , most students prepare it one month before the exam .
Of course , it's useful . And it's very crucial to have the copies of teacher's notes , because most questions in the exam are based on them .
But the exam is not as simple as you may imagine . We have to stay up late .
Yes , some people even pack up his bed quilt and sleep there . That's a little bit crazy .
It's January .
I was born in Beijing , but I spent most of my childhood in London .
I had a pretty strict upbringing , and my parents taught at universities so they have extremely high expectations for me .
My parents wanted me to stay in Beijing , but I decided to go back to England . I graduated from University of Newcastle upon Tyne with a degree in Cross Culture Communication .
I am a journalist . I write for China Daily .
No , I didn ’ t . I started working at a university in London but as time went by , I found I did not really like my job . I decided to explore other fields . Journalism is great fit for me as well as a challenge .
Yes , I came to Beijing two years ago looking for new opportunities . I was lucky because my friend introduced me to my current company .
No , thank you . I've given up , you know .
Well , all tight . But you know , smoking does do harm to your health .
Why don't you try and give it up ?
Oh , hey , no kidding ! I haven't seen you since orientation three months ago ! So how've you been ? Settling into college life OK ?
Oh , so you're a frat boy now , huh ?
Not much . I'm still living at home and commuting to school . I ended up dropping that metalworking class I was so excited about . It just wasn't as interesting as I'd hoped . The guidance counselor suggested that I focus on my prerequisite courses so that I can make sure the credits count .
Yeah , it is , a little bit . I joined the Great Outdoors Club , though , which has been a lot of fun . We've gone on two camping trips already , and I've made some good friends .
Definitely pre-med . What about you ?
OK , take care ! Hey , nice running into you !
You are right . We shouldn't do anything under the table .
Well , all my friends listen to it , so I became a big fan too .
I'm a big fan of Snoop Dog .
What is over ?
Any reasons ?
Oh , that ’ s too bad .
Fantastic ! I got an overall score of eight .
Yes . I'm just waiting until I officially get admitted to the university with a conditional offer to apply for my visa .
No .
Horowitz , I beg to differ . Even in your most recent study , the investigative approach was flawed ! You know as well as I do that the collection of data was not systematic , and there is a large margin of error . To draw a definitive conclusion based on that data would be misleading
You are trying to single-handedly solve one of the world ’ s greatest mysteries , and yet you are oblivious to the fact that you are wrong !
No ! The egg came first !
Maybe you two should go see a marriage counselor .
Not yet , Grandma , What's the matter ?
I'll finish soon .
All except the back door . I left that open for Tim . He took the dog for a walk .
Ok , I ’ m going to stay up awhile . I ’ Ve got to go over the household budget , We ‘ re a little over-spend this month .
Ok , Good night , see you at breakfast .
Not really , but I know it is very popular a traditional Chinese gambling game .
Typical Francis , whether you are at work , or engaged in leisure time activities , you always show the same eagerness and curiosity to learn something new and improve yourself .
What a great idea ! Now you have a friendly audience to practice with !
Oh , he wants to practice his language skills , too .
Maybe Olga can introduce you to some of her friends who can write to you in German and you can do the same for her with your friends to write her in English .
I don't know , but you know how to surround yourself with great friends !
What a shame !
That's too bad .
I'm sorry to hear that .
What a pity !
Ho , no !
I am going to the bank . I need to cash some checks .
Why are you going there ?
I see . Will you bring a lot of money with you ?
Do you have the bank card in Japan ?
That sounds really convenient . Do you pay extra money to enjoy this service ?
Great ! I will apply for a credit card when I go to the bank later .
No . It's all Greek to me .
I know that . I mean I couldn't understand her at all .
I wish you the best of luck .
I ’ m very fond of you .
Why ? You mean a lot to me .
What question ?
You know that I care for you . I---I ’ m proud of you .
I---I don ’ t feel like saying it
I have many hobbies . I like almost all kinds of sports and I also like to listen to classical music .
I like playing basketball . Basketball is a very exciting game because it keeps you alert and I also enjoy the team spirit of basketball .
I like the novels of Dickens very much . I've read almost all of them in Chinese translation .
Yes , I like listening to Beethoven's works .
I like all kinds as long as they are exciting .
I am interested in watching TV or other relaxing games .
I usually read or entertain myself .
My favorite books are those about detectives .
When it comes to the entertainment , I think I enjoy dancing . There is nothing I like more than modern dance .
That ’ s an exception . But I am fed up with those who keep a straight face in front of me .
That means you don ’ t like them . If you hit it off with them , you will like to see their smiles .
Yeah.The autumn is marvelous here .
That's a hard time.The air is cold and damp , and the road is often icy .
Sure .
Plenty.We never worry about lack of rainwater in our area .
That's right .
Well , I ’ m favor of the Red Sox . They ’ Ve had a good season .
That ’ s not a very good pick . I ’ m against the Yankees .
Yeah , I ’ m with you on that .
What do the Romans do ?
In other words , the Romans do what everyone else does .
What do you mean ?
I envy them the sun .
I certainly do .
They always eat spaghetti and drink wine , don't they ?
Really ? How much does it cost to fly to Rome ?
My mother works in a company as an accountant .
Not always , she's rather busy at the end of the year .
All right . ... What's the date today , please ?
Yes .
No problem . What should I bring ?
Well , the costumes and the set are marvellous , but the acting is a bit stiff . What do you think ?
Do you know anyone in the play ?
Really ? Is that why you wanted to come to the play ?
So you've seen other plays that he's directed ?
Sure , I'd love to meet the cast ! Have you ever been in a play ?
What did you do ?
I once helped out with costumes , but I didn't enjoy it very much .
I spent over three weeks sewing sequins on a coat .
That ’ s very kind of you , but it ’ s nothing special .
Well , actually it ’ s just about luck .
Hey , guys . Ready for a pick-up game of touch football ?
C'mon , Yi-jun . It's lots of fun . You've seen football played on TV .
There's barely any contact in touch football . People just tag you to stop the play .
Oh , I am very sorry , Hans . Thank you for waiting for me . You must have been here a long time already .
I was caught in the heavy rain , or I would have come earlier . I am sorry I kept you waiting .
Yes . When I came out of the subway , it was raining cats and dogs . And I forgot my umbrella . So I had to wait for the rain to let up .
Don't mention it . The thesis due date is coming , but my thesis isn't even close to being done .
Don't worry . Anyway , you are better than me .
Are you thinking about a public school or a private one ?
Public schools are usually state funded , whereas private schools usually get their funding elsewhere .
One isn ’ t necessarily better than the other . It depends a lot on the school administration and the teachers .
Yes , sometimes .
I'm planning to go to graduate school , but I also want to find a job . Otherwise , I'll have nowhere to go if I fail the entrance exam .
career path ? I'm not sure .
I want to become a professor , a lawyer , an editor , a civil servant ...
I don't know . Do you have any advice for me ?
I think perhaps I need to buy a few years while I figure out about my career .
thank you so much for your advice . I'll think it over .
Well , they look lovely , but they ’ re not very practical . I mean , would you wear that dress to the office or walking down the street ?
Maybe . I ’ m not sure why they have fashion shows like this . Hardly anyone will buy those clothes . The clothes you see are nothing like the ones that ordinary people wear . It seems like a waste of money .
You meant it ’ s an expression of their fantasies ?
Very philosophical . I think they design these clothes more for publicity . They try to see who can be the most extreme and outrageous , but still stylish .
Really ? How do you get the chance ?
Congratulations . How lucky you are !
I ’ m sure you ’ ll enjoy the trip . China is such a beautiful country .
Have a nice journey , Lily .
Sure . I am free tomorrow . It sounds interesting to me . Can we buy the ticket online ?
I guess that is the thing we can do with we really want to visit the museum .
Yeah . We are lucky . Let's go buy the tickets first . We can have breakfast later . I am so hungry .
( After the breakfast ) Which floor is the art exhibition we are going to ?
Sure , take your time . We have a whole day .
Look at the museum guide.It says there are also some sculptures and potteries in this area . Let's rent an audio guide .
Good afternoon ! Sit down , please.How are you ?
Very well too , thank you very much.Isn ' t it a lovely day ?
Yes .
Mm ... It's quite warm now .
In London.Where do you live ?
I hope we can make great progress in this new semester .
I hear we'll have a new English teacher this semester .
I am sure we will .
Nowadays , they offer so many services , you hardly know which one to choose . Take mailing for example . Do you send something first class or second class or do you use EMS ?
You can buy things at post office that were never sold there before . You can buy sweets and chocolates , newspapers , birthday and Christmas cards ...
My son likes going to the main post office . They have a philately counter where he can buy stamps for his collection .
I think it ’ s better for some things , like sending and receiving money , but if you need to post something it sometimes takes longer than it used to .
Well , it's just that she put a lot of makeup on her face . Actually , natural beauty comes from within .
She has nothing that deserves my jealousy . I don't have to put things on my face and I still look pretty . Don't you think so ?
They are cucumbers . They are natural skin soothers , natural healers of the skin.Haven ' t you heard them say on TV that ... eh ... they soften the skin , wipe out the roughness , counter irritation and build strength and resilience ?
That's right . You have learned a lot , haven't you ?
He is an all-right guy . I have no bone to pick with him .
But he is not a fine wether friend who could sell you down the river .
Depends on with whom . He may be doing things on the sly , but he is honest with me . I trust him .
So I've heard . That's why I'm having such a great time .
Huh ? Um ... well , it's nice to see that some people still have big families .
It was the pilot putting the wheels down.We must be coming into land.Are you frightened ?
Again ? The area around the park is too dark at night . There should be more lights there .
Your feelings might be right . You should never walk alone there at night . It is too dangerous .
It's certainly a tight schedule .
At what time ?
Do you know how far you will be from the airport at 5 ?
So you are not sure how long it will take to get there ?
Don't forget it's Friday nighty . If Frankfurt's anything like London , everybody will be leaving for the weekend . It will be a rush hour and traffic might be moving very slowly .
I am a realist .
What vehicle do you usually bring to school ? Is it an automobile or a motorbike ?
OK . That means you can park in the student lot or on the street . Have you seen the handicapped spots ?
Look for the blue signs and blue marked spaces . Do you usually park in the daytime or the evening ?
Be careful about the time limits on the streets . Have you seen the signs for time limits ?
As long as you are careful reading the signs , you will always know how long you can park and what days are OK to park there . Are you aware of the curb colors ?
If you can remember that red means absolutely no parking and white means that you can only load and unload , you are going to be OK .
I would like to . but I'm not good at it .
That's great ! When will we go ?
All right . What should I take ?
Thanks . I will wait you at my home .
Hi , Bill , this is my new car .
You like it , huh ?
It is special , isn't it ?
Lots . Looks like I'll have to moonlight for the next two years .
Hey , let's go for a spin . You can try it out .
Ok , let's go .
Have you ever been to it before ?
Let's go . It sounds interesting .
Dear , don ’ t worry . The police can help you .
Good morning , Miss Bell !
Nice to see you too . It's been a long time .
Just fine , and you ?
Did you drive yourself to the airport ?
Did someone meet you at the airport here ?
Is this where we'll be holding the meeting ?
Yes , the snow is often falling thick and fast here .
Yes , It's really so beautiful with all the things covered by snow .
There are so many places around . Take a look at the advertisement .
Great ! I went hiking in the mountains on Saturday .
Really good ! you should try it sometime .
Uh , nothing much , just went to bed early . I was still tired from Saturday .
I heard about that . It was successful .
I should say , it stunned me . I can't imagine what they will think of next .
Oh , I know . She is a famous woman and a focus of the newspaper now because of this thing .
Yes . Do you know its name .
Oh , I think she wants to do this thing in memory of her father .
I'm planing to go bolling tonight.Tomorrow I was hoping to see a movie.What about you ?
Why not ?
Thank you . Good afternoon Mrs . Smith , Miss Duncan , Miss Lamb .
Thank you .
I don't like the weather like this . Cold and rainy . Hope it become sunny as soon as possible .
Quite well , Tom.And you ?
He's much better today .
See you later .
That is very encouraging news . I heard that the marketing department has done a three months research , they sent the feedback information to the research and development center by the end of every month . That is to say , the R & D center redesigned the product twice before it was launched into the market .
That is the best one I have seen . I am sure our target customers , young people will love it .
But , Bob , we were so good together .
I don't understand . We were getting along so well .
No , I don't like it very much . Do you ?
Oh , does he play the piano ?
I like rock a lot .
The Cranberries . I love their music . How about you ? Do you like them ?
Yeah . We ’ re never going to get to the end of this one .
Well , it does have a lot of girls in it .
Do you think Bruce Willis just drank a Coke for his health ?
Of course .
Yeah , Got a Coke ?
Hurry , the movie is coming back on .
Good morning , Gav ! Did you sleep well last night ?
That's great news ! You look much more relaxed than you did yesterday .
What's that ?
That's annoying , but nothing to worry about .
Just breathe deeply when you feel yourself getting upset .
Is there anything else bothering you ?
Do you have any other plans this weekend ?
Try not to take on more than you can handle .
Of course not . People all over the world watch it on TV , or listen to it on the radio .
Yes , I went to the New Year ’ s Concert in 2010 .
That's for sure . You know , I had the greatest time ever .
We actually met at a dance party . He fell for me .
He said that I put all other girls in the shade .
Well , he indeed likes me .
No , he is the sort of man who likes to hide his candle under a bushel .
I heard it has been finally settled under the rose .
Yeah , fortunately it did not cause a disaster .
is this line for non-residents ?
Ok . Here's my passport .
I think it's soon , maybe in a few months . It was renewed in Beijing , so the new expiry date is on the last page .
I won't .
no , I don't have anything to declare .
I'll be here for about a year .
I'll be studying . I'm doing an MBA at Nottingham University .
I have a housing contract with the university . I'll be in a dorm room on campus .
my father has already paid for that in advance . Here are the receipts .
thank you very much .
Well , you'll see . With this new watch , I can go anywhere , do anything .
No , really . Look . It's got a double time zone setting .
Yep . I just can't decide what two cities to choose ...
No , I am not eating there anymore . I have ordered my favorite food in the restaurant around the corner . The food served in the cafeteria is not my type . I am a total meat lover . But the cafeteria is doing its best to force me to be a vegetarian . They have been serving the Chinese cabbage and white gorse for three days . Haven ’ t you noticed that ?
Well , then the cafeteria suits you best . But anyway , if you like to have a lunch outside the company , feel free to join me anytime .
Would you please tell us how to review our lessons ?
Any other requirements ?
Should we remember all the new words and expressions ?
Sorry , I don't quite understand some difficult points in this unit . I wonder if you could help us to solve the problems .
When shall we have a coaching period ?
Ok .
It's harmful . Not only for yourself but for others .
Stop producing cigarettes .
That's right.But I don't think there are better ways .
Maybe it can take effect .
Yes .
The author was a famous writer , and he was also a politician . He was born in 1911 and died in 1985 .
Can I answer it in Chinese ?
Let me have a try . The author takes the characters peculiar to the British people as a topic to show that they are quite different from other nationalities . They are quiet , shy and reserved ...
yes , my brothe and I are going . We just finished making our itinerary .
great minds think alike . My brother and I have been thinking about going to Tibet for quite a long time . Do you have anything on your schedule ?
why don't you join us ? We are leaving next week ; you'll still have a week to prepare .
come on ! We're traveling on our own . It won't cost too much .
the youth hotels are comfortable and cheap .
I'll take care of it .
no problem .
Certainly.Here ’ s an application form.Do you have proof of residence ?
A driver ’ s license or something showing that you live in this city .
Do you have a current electricity or gas bill in your name ?
That ’ ll do.Bring the most recent one in with your completed application , and we ’ ll issue you a temporary library card right away .
It ’ ll be mailed to you within two weeks , but you can borrow books on the temporary card .
In a while , crocodile .
We were in the same science class last term .
I did .
It was no big deal .
They're glad that I finally got a boyfriend .
Hello , Karl . I ’ m Chuck Jones . We ’ re going to be neighbors .
This is a small town , and we like to be neighborly . We know everyone who lives around here .
So , tell me , Karl , hyoid you come all the way to Minnesota to live ?
You are kidding .
Although we have many things in common , we'are not soul mates .
120 British pounds . But there are still three days left in the auction . If you want it , you'll have to bid . Do you have the guts ?
Just don't come looking to me for help .
I'm signing off .
Yeah , he came back from America last week .
He must have a good ear .
Well , I am certainly going to take chemistry and physics , but I haven't decided on the other subjects yet . I ’ d like to take English .
Because I want to study English literature . But I think chemistry is better for getting a job .
I am going to be a , well , I hope to be a research chemist .
Yes , she does . She works at home .
Oh , no . Most of the time I do these things . She is a writer .
I like all kinds of stuff . I admit I love romance .
You mean my favorite movie of all time ? I guess I ’ d have to say pretty woman .
About my boyfriend .
You are really a wet blanket .
Actually , a friend of a friend .
Alecia .
Thanks . They look delicious .
That would be great . I would love some .
Well . I like them a little heavier . I don't have as much control , usually bowling straight , but the extra momentum compensates for that .
Well done . You got them all . You get 10 points and your next two bowls are added to this frame's score . I'II dry my ball off and try to knock them all down as well .
I certainly can try ... No ! It went straight through the wickets .
That is a part of chinese culture , if they think you are a lovely child , they touch your head and say , how cute you are .
Well , you get used to it , different countries have different manners .
They are just been in friendly , when you are in Roman , do as the Romans do , that means you need to adapt to your enviroment .
Then you might need to pretend to be a little crazy .
Do you think it is a ~ got give your brain , use it if you really cannot accept it people touch your head , keep distance from them , why not just wear your big flyby hat and ~ is anyone get close to you .
sure , go ahead .
yes , it is . You want go online ? there are no wi-fi hotspots around .
can't you wait till you get home ? then you can surf the internet using the broadband , wireless connection or whatever you like .
now I see , you must be suffering from discomgoogolation .
well , the term " discomgoogolation " comes from " discombobulate " and " google " . Because floods of information are just a mouse click away , net users are very likely to become addicted to the web .
then , you're probably addicted .
i like my professors and the classes , but it's a lot of work .
right now , I'm doing some research into the languages of different African tribes .
yes , I learned how to speak it when I was little .
well , I grew up in Africa , so I learned quite a few different languages .
I don't know because I haven't received my test results yet .
about two weeks ago .
I left feeling pretty confident about my score , but I heard that my professors are very strict graders , so I'm a bit nervous .
You know me ; I'm always studying !
Thanks for the vote of confidence , Justin !
It's a blackout . Now I can't see Seinfeld .
Really ? How could you do that ? Don't you save every couple minutes ?
I've had that problem too many times . So I learned to save.When I'm writing something , I save every three sentences or so . I don't want to lose anything .
What are we going to do now ?
I wonder how much of the city is down .
Maybe . But if there's a blackout , probably the pubs are closed.And besides , I know you have a political science exam tomorrow . I thought you had a lot of reading to do .
I have a flashlight in my closet . If you want to use that to read , you can .
Sorry , Mr . Black . I ’ m trying to make them quiet .
Sorry , sir . Believe me , everything will be all right .
I'm sorry . I won't do it again .
I shall . I wasn't as careless as John Sampson . He walked across that wet cement over there .
The headmaster asked them not to do so .
They went to their stores to get one . Here they come with it now !
I couldn't do that . I have an important meeting to go to today .
not really . After a 12 - hour flight , I've got jetlag , and on top of that , I think I've also got the flu .
could you feel my forehead and check to see if I have a fever ?
ok . I'll stay home this morning and rest , but if I feel better in the afternoon , I'm going to the meeting .
I don't know . It looks a bit red , but I'm sure it's nothing .
just cats , but I don't think I was near any cats in the last couple of weeks .
shouldn't we make an appointment first ?
whatever you say . I just want to get to my meeting !
I'm still a student .
Boston University .
I'm studying English , math , and history . My major is English .
More than six years .
Yeah , I started to learn English when I was in high school .
Actually , it's not that good . I can read but I can't speak very well . I haven't had a lot of chance to practice .
Yes , but I still don't have many friends here yet .
Oh thanks for inviting me . I'd love to come .
Is it a horror movie ?
No way . I will be scared out of my wits .
Hey , how would you like to taste my fist ?
Um , let me see , romance , comedy . documentary , action , science fiction , animated and so on .
Yeah . It seems like we don't speak the same language as far as movies are concerned .
The Notebook is this type of movie .
Well then , this could be a nice opportunity to enjoy it together . I bet you'd love it .
Yeah . People always enjoy the lighted lanterns and the gala performances .
Did you notice the characters on the lanterns ?
They are puzzles . It's a tradition to solve the puzzles on the lanterns during the Lantern Festival .
It's really eye-catching . It's the biggest dragon lantern I've ever seen in all my life .
Very impressive . It's made of glass which makes it even brighter .
Let me have a look . Oh , no . They are Chinese poems which describe this happy scene .
Of course not . I believe he ’ s innocent .
He nursed a viper in his bosom . His best friend Tony foamed him in . Tony first seduced his wife and then trapped him .
For me , the times of chatting online has gone .
I opened my blog today . In order to have more visitors , I have to land on others ' blogs and leave my messages for their blogs .
Do you still remember Justin ?
He seemed to be dumped by his girlfriend . I found his blogs were a little sad .
Sure , I'm looking forward to it .
I'll get used to not seeing my parents .
Good . How about you ?
But your company is huge . Can't they afford to pay the staff decent wages .
That's shortsighted . By the time the workers are experienced and contributing . They are likely to go .
But you have already worked there for five years .
Well . The management doesn't seem to think that way . Anyways , you have to think twice before you act .
My first grandchild .
Do you think so ? Well , I guess . He does look a lot like me . Oh , he ’ s got Richard ’ s eyes though .
Well , children usually resemble their parents .
You often like comparing children with their parents .
Hello.May I speak to Mark , please ?
Hello , this is Mark speaking .
Oh , we had a birthday party for David last night . As a matter of fact I woke up with a terrible hangover .
Anything new at the office ?
That's wonderful ! We've got to celebrate !
Sure . I ought to be ready for some more drinks by then.Thank you for calling .
I like music that has a fast beat and is lively , like dance music . You know , I go to a disco almost every week . Sometimes it ’ s too loud though . You prefer classical music , don ’ t you ?
I must admit that I like several pieces of classical music . It ’ s certainly more sophisticated that modern dance music .
really ? Perhaps I should listen to classical music often . I heard that listening to classical music is helpful in reducing stress .
I ’ Ve got a few classical music CD ’ s . I should follow your lead and increase my brain power .
that ’ s a good idea . You should do the same with some music . You might find something you like . Classical music might make you clever , but dance might make you livelier and happier .
Oh ! What a beautiful dress ! It fits you so well.You look so charming in the dress .
Where did you buy it ?
How much is it ?
It's so cheap . I'll buy one , too .
I see . Well , can I have a look at your phone ? Unfortunately , this phone can ’ t be used in the US , it ’ s not compatible with our 3G network .
Well , you ’ re in luck ! You see , if you sign up for our three-year plan , we ’ ll throw in a handset for free .
There ’ s no catch ! You just choose a plan , sign a three-year contract and , that ’ s it ! Actually , we ’ re running a special promotion right now , and we ’ re giving away a Blackberry Curve with our special Mega Value forty dollar plan .
Well , you get nine hundred anytime minutes , and you can also enjoy free mobile to mobile calling to other Tel-Mobile clients , one thousand text messages per month , and unlimited evening and weekend minutes . Oh , and we also offer a rollover option .
That ’ s right , plus the activation fee , the emergency services fee , the monthly service fee , oh , and any charges for extra minutes , and ...
Why do you have to leave early ?
Could you make it up by attending my other section this week ?
Are you leaving right away or can you stay for a few more minutes ?
OK , but please make sure that you get all of your make-up work completed .
Go do what you have to do , but make sure it doesn't happen again .
The last straw , huh ?
I know what you mean .
How nice of him !
I think so . Blue is still very fashionable at the moment .
I think this kind of dress will stay in fashion for a few more years . People don ’ t change fashions every year . It would be too expensive .
There are some real fashion victims who just have to keep totally up-to-date with expensive clothes .
I know what you mean . The situation will be worse if we marry our boyfriends and have children . The we ’ ll have even less money to spend on fashionable clothes !
You are kidding ! He just broke up with Ann .
I hope I will meet her soon .
So what ? Are we going anywhere ?
Oh , I'm sorry I forgot all about it.Well , can I take a rain check ?
I'm terribly sorry , Rose.But I have to finish this paper by tomorrow or professor Martin will kill me .
Why ? Just read your notes.You can see what the professor stressed in the lectures.Probably the exam will ask about things he stressed .
Let me see them.Are these all the notes you have ?
But Laurie , how can you do well in school if you don't take more notes ?
I'm sure you don't write enough.Look at this . Here you wrote , Russian Revolution . 1917 . Bolsheviks . Real revolution , or coup ? And that's all ? I remember he lectured for a half hour about that question.And you didn't write any of it !
Yes , but did you remember ? You need good notes to help you remember .
There are different things you can do.For one , the university offers a special free course on note-taking.You should go to the course . Also , I am pretty good at taking notes . I can help you on this exam . I will photocopy all my notes , and you can compare them to your notes.Then maybe you will see what kinds of things to write down .
Don't feel that way . I know you are very smart.Note - taking is a special skill . All students need to learn it.Some people are very smart , but they just haven't learned how to take notes yet . I'm lucky because I had a good English teacher in high school.She taught me how to take good notes . It's not hard .
Stephany said she would go out with me .
That ’ s in one month , and besides , this is a group date with all of our friends .
We ’ re going fishing .
These girls are different , they are not wimpy .
What's her last name ?
What color are her eyes ?
What color is her hair ?
How old is she ?
Yeah , I'm OK , I have been having a lot of mood swings lately . I think it has to do with the pills my doctor prescribed that are causing chaos on my hormones .
Yeah , it's weird . For example just this morning I was feeling detached and lonely , even though there was really no reason to feel that way .
I hope you are right .
Isn't it lovely ! That's when she got her Master's Degree from Miami University .
Oh , that's a nice one of all of you together . Do you have the negative ? May I have a copy ?
No . I'd like a slide , I have a new projector .
Have a wallet size print made for me , too .
I Couldn't care less .
Study English .
It gives me great satisfaction .
I don't mind the work . I think it's worthwhile .
No , I'm full .
Yes , I'd like some coffee .
That's OK . I'll have a glass of water .
Small please .
Thanks .
I came two years ago after I graduated from college . This is my first job .
Of course ! Everyday , there is a deadline to meet . Bosses watching and testing me all the time , not liking in college , handed in paper months later and tested on schedule . It is so busy . But anyway , I have trying my best to be a good employee .
It is so encouraging to hear this remark . The secret is to make plans . Write down your goals , short-term and long-term and make detail plans for a week or a month . Then just work hard .
I'm back . My bid on the Buddha is still the highest !
Don't you want to hear more about my statue ?
His name is not fat boy ! You can be so rude sometimes .
I said he was nothing but a yeoman .
Yes .
He always wears an extremely becoming suit with tie .
A light brown suit and a pink tie today , and a light blue shirt and a blue tie yesterday . A perfect match !
Match is important ; well , the way of tying is also important .
My father wears a tie every day , but he can ’ t do it himself . My mother helps him with his tie every morning .
What is a tornado warning ?
Really ? In New Berlin ?
I understand . They think a tornado might come .
And the second stage is called a " tornado warning " .
It's scary .
What do you mean " a loud train " ?
But if you hear them coming , isn't it already too late ?
Have you seen a lot of them ?
Did it hit their house ?
What were they doing when you called ?
That's terrible . Do many people die in tornadoes ?
That's right . And his wife is a baby doll , too . She used to have many followers .
Nothing of the sort . I can't hold a candle to her .
Why am I always the last to know these things ?
No , but Bean did send me like a hundred forwards today . My mailbox must have been overflowing .
He not only sent me nasty e-mail , but he's so bored , he even asked me to search the Net for even more forwards for him !
I've tried , but I can't stand the bald man talking so loudly in the program .
Don't be so irritable . I just don't understand the program , that's all .
Ok . I will wait until you have had your fun , if that's what you want .
Pretty well . I don't know if I'll get the promotion or not , but I feel good about it .
If I get the promotion , I will be a senior engineer instead of an assistant engineer .
Whenever you are given added responsibilities , you should get a promotion .
My boss .
She asked me about my ability to work in a team and what I thought a good boss should be .
I told her that I'm an excellent team player and that a good boss should treat male and female employees equally .
She told me that even when I become a senior engineer , I'll have to work with the assistant engineers as a team .
She's pretty easy to get along with . She listens to her employees and treats everyone equally .
That's true . She's highly esteemed among everyone at my company .
I will do .
It's my geography , sir . The Map of Africa you set us .
Yes , I know , sir . I'm sorry .
My mother's been ill and I had to stay at home .
It's true , sir .
I would need to check on that . Where is the fundraiser ?
What day will you need it for ?
Maybe that could work . I need to know who will be driving it .
If I give you the keys to the garage , could you bring it back on Sunday evening ?
OK , but make sure that everything is back by Sunday night at the latest .
Oh , it ’ s Death on the Nile . Have you read it ?
Sure . I didn ’ t know you liked mysteries .
Kobi Bryant and Shaquille O ’ Neal , they are the Los Angeles Lakers ’ star players .
Wait a second . He shoots , he scores !
Here comes Jordan , though .
Yeah . He ’ s older , so he doesn ’ t slam , as much as he did when he was younger , but when he does , it ’ s still amazing .
The Lakers . Jordan is the only good player Washington has .
Oh , they're fine , still very active and enjoying their retirement .
Sure , thank you .
Thank you , Bob ! This past week has been the beginning of Armageddon for many , a series of unprecedented meteorological events occurred around the world . In Switzerland , a major avalanche was reported in the Alps . Fortunately , no one was injured . Due to to the extreme cold this winter , a blizzard has struck the US Midwest , causing classes in schools and universities to be temporarily canceled . Moving to to Latin American , Ecuador has suffered a six month drought that has not only affected farming , but has also forced the closure of the hydroelectric power plant that provides electricity for the entire country . In Chile , a major earthquake that registered seven point five on the Richter scale struck the southern region . Losses are reported to be in the billions . Authorities have not yet released an official statement .
I ’ m afraid not , Bob . One of the major volcanoes in Mexico has erupted , causing major floods and landslides in the region . Meanwhile , Mexico ’ s coast has been hit by hurricane Liliana and officials say that all the seismic activity leads them to believe that a tsunami may hit Central America , affecting Honduras , Guatemala and Panama . That ’ s all the news we have for today , but stay tuned for updates on the six o ’ clock news . Back to you Bob .
I thought you had forgotten .
Thank you honey , it means a lot to me .
So he is . But , why not try to help him to become stronger ?
What's her figure ?
What's the color of her eyes ?
how old is she ?
No , I don't think so .
No . It's no problem.Are you American ?
No . I'm from Taiwan . Can't you see ?
I don't think so . You are flattering me .
Are you flying home ?
You were visiting Taiwan ?
Really ! You live in Taiwan !
May I ask what your job is in Taiwan ?
Of course . It's a good school . How long have you lived in Taichung ?
It must be strange for you to live in Taiwan .
No . Well , I don't know.But Taiwan is so crowded . Don't you miss life in America ?
This is my first day here .
I started school somewhere else .
I started at PCC .
My grades weren ’ t good enough to go here .
I loved PCC .
I ’ m excited to be here .
It's very nice . I haven't heard live music in a while . This is fun .
Of course . But I'm afraid I'm not much of a dancer ...
You're dancing so well .
When did you learn to dance ?
It's hard to say . It depends . But I love the waltz .
The Bible says that Jesus Christ was resurrected three days after he was crucified . People commemorate that at a festival called Easter .
We celebrate it on the first Sunday after a full moon on or after the 21st of March .
We make a lot of Easter eggs and then paint some designs on them . We'll also go to church and pray .
Morning , Jenny . Haven't seen you for ages !
You did give me a surprise . How have you been ?
Not so well . I've come down with the flu .
It's really great to see you again . How about a drink tonight ?
How about seven ?
I'll pick you up .
It was a real red letter day for you .
Sports .
Basketball and swimming .
yeah , and most excitingly , I met the girl living under me today . She's really nice .
yeah , and most importantly , she's single ! Man , I could tell from the moment I saw her , she's the girl of my dreams !
I don't know . I am not really worried about that . I don't wanna lose before even starting . Besides I think the other two American guys have also fallen for her .
not yet . But I am thinking of inviting her to dinner sometime . I know some good restaurants nearby .
you bet . Now that you mentioned it , I think I'll call her now and see if she is available tonight .
thanks !
Hello , Hong Lei . My name's Ricky .
Yes , I had my first lesson this morning . Are you a new student too ?
Six months . That's a long time .
Intermediate Three . And what about you ?
I can't remember her name , but she's got curly red hair .
Yes , I think so .
Yes that's right . Do you know her ? Is she your teacher too ?
Only a week .
Well , I'm staying at the YMCA at the moment . I'm looking for somewhere more permanent . Do you know of any good places ?
That would be great ! Thanks for your help . Can I buy you coffee ?
What is it ?
Yes .
Really ? That's fantastic ! Will you get a chance to do any writing ?
Wow ! That's really great news . How often does the magazine come out ?
Are you looking forward to doing more editing work ?
Do you have any order forms here so that I can get a subscription to the magazine ?
I'm really looking forward to reading your column .
Sure , where would you like to go ?
You've got to be joking ! It's the teacher's right to say anything wants , and if she saw Myra cheating , she certainly had the right to say so .
You're right.If I were the teacher , I wouldn't have done that .
Um ... It's wonderful to be here . Uh ... this place looks really cozy .
Maybe ...
Is that a kind of alcohol ?
Great . My face will turn even redder !
Uh ... I mostly just like to listen . You're the groom . Why don't you go first ?
How about As long as You Love Me ! You can pretend you're singing it to your fiancee Brooke !
Yes , I am . What's wrong ?
OK . No problem .
But it's said that you dance wonderfully well .
No . Just occasionally .
I love rumba and waltz .
To tell the truth , I don't like it . It's too fast .
OK . See you then .
Yes , I'd love to . It ’ s interesting to see who is considered the best in their field and which film are thought to be particularly good .
Sometimes the men wear flamboyant colours . Which films do you think will win awards this year ?
You ’ re right . This year should be much more exciting than usual . What ’ s you favourite award category ?
It ’ s nice to see foreign language films making a little impact on Hollywood . I like the “ best actor and actress ” .
Wow ! Why so much ? I thought they were getting you an assistant .
They ’ re really running you into the ground . Why don ’ t you ask for some time off ? You could take a long weekend and go away somewhere .
Wow ! Why so much ? I thought they were getting you an assistant .
They ’ re really running you into the ground . Why don ’ t you ask for some time off ? You could take a long weekend and go away somewhere .
Wow ! Why so much ? I thought they were getting you an assistant .
They ’ re really running you into the ground . Why don ’ t you ask for some time off ? You could take a long weekend and go away somewhere .
Don ’ t dress like that . You ’ ll make fool yourself . You look stupid in that robe .
Maybe it is . But it ’ s out of fashion .
Let ’ s go downtown and pick up some fashionable clothes for you .
Sorry , I can ’ t .
I ’ d like to . But I ’ m afraid I can ’ t .
That sounds great .
No . I ’ d better not .
Because I don ’ t think my husband would like it . Thank you for inviting me anyway .
Don't worry yourself too much .
Why ? Are you planning to stir-fry my face ?
You've gone bonkers , Jen .
OK . Let's see . Give me a sheet .
Not because I ’ m keeping an eye on the baby .
She is at the supermarket downstairs . She said she would be back in about half an hour .
What a good idea !
OK .
But the ref didn't whistle .
Anyway , the host team seems to fight for the gold .
There were some bad misses in his defence , so he lost it .
I suppose he's not in top form .
You ’ re leaving so soon . When are you off ?
How about I come and see you off ?
Ok . I ’ ll miss you . I hope we can see each other again soon .
You ’ re welcome .
Ok . Take care . I hope you have a good journey .
Of course . I will .
He ’ s fine . He retired last week . It ’ s turning point in his life . Now he can relax and enjoy his retirement .
Oh , I don ’ t think he wants to . He wants to travel to several different countries around the world .
How do you want to spend your old age ?
Oh , nothing special . I'm just a bit tired .
With everything , with everybody , with all this !
It wasn't always like this , you know .
Well , I mean.We always do the same thing.There ' s no variety in our lives .
Certainly , perhaps .
Yes . I did .
Why not ?
What is its national anthem ?
Can you sing the song ?
Yes , it's not like what the radio said at all .
As long as it doesn't snow !
In just three weeks , and I am excited . But there are still a few things I need to do before I go .
Like renewing my passport , going to the travel agency to buy my plane ticket and figuring out what to do with my apartment while I'm gone .
No way . I'll never find another apartment around here . But I don't like the idea of paying three months ' rent on an empty apartment , either .
Yes , but whom to ?
That's exactly when I'll be away . It sounds ideal , as long as the landlord agrees .
Well , thanks , Bill . Let me know what happens . That extra money will really come in handy .
Perfect . Couldn't be better .
Of course you can . ( Lead Carl to his garage . )
My car is simply a daisy . It drives smoothly .
I am glad to hear that . I'm really pleased with it .
Well , my watch says five past two , but it's no use relying on it , because it has been gaining and losing these last few days .
Yes , I will .
Everything seems to be getting worse . I don't know what to do with it .
But how can I prevent a deficit ?
OK , OK . I ’ ll do my best .
I know life is not all roses , and I believe I will pull this through .
Pretty good . I ’ Ve just had my new poems published .
Thank you .
He is fine .
Yes . He ’ s already got the passport and visa .
Thank you . He ’ s very lucky indeed .
I advise you to take an additional course in some Chinese schools .
This kind of school is good at helping people to improve their Chinese .
Sure . You can review the lessons you have learned at school and learn something new there .
It's very hot , the temperature is often over 40C .
Not really.But I like it in spring and fall . I don't like it in winter .
The winter is very rainy , I don't like the rainy day .
I lived there for three years . I like summer but I don't like winter .
Yes , it is.But it's nice in spring and fall .
... Who you were with ? I didn ’ t know whom you were with .
Sorry , it ’ s from the Godfather . It ’ s when the , when the movie producer realizes Tom Higgins had emissary of Vito Corleone , it ’ s just before the horse ’ s head ends up in the bed with all the bloody sheets , you know , wakes up , and AAAL ! Never mind .
Why would I spy on you ?
The entrance to our store is around the corner . And there ’ s no other way of saying that . It ’ s not the name of our store . It ’ s where it is . And you do not own the phrase around the corner .
Look , the reason I came into your store is because I was spending the day with Annabell and matt . And I was buying them presents . I ’ m the type of guy who likes to buy his way into the hearts of children who are his relative . And there ’ s only one place to find a children ’ s book in the neighborhood . That will not always be the case . And it was yours . And it is a charming little bookstore . You probably sell what 350,000 worth of books in a year .
We ’ re on our own tonight , dad ’ s taking mom out .
You know on a date , they are going to dinner .
Yeah , they said they ’ re reviving the old tradition .
That ’ s right , once a week . Do you want to order some pizza ?
No . Only for a couple of weeks .
I am going to register at Harvard next month .
I am going to major in tourism . What about you ? How long have you been here ?
Well . You should be able to give me some advice on where to stay . At the moment , I am staying in a hotel which is far away from the school .
Way to go , Mary . A lot has happened during the last few months , hasn't it ?
What's up with Vince and Elvin ?
And they're happy with that ?
I'd love to .
That's OK with me .
Yes . The videographer has already started filming my parents trying to speak English with the flight attendants .
It'll be the year 2000 ! The flight attendants are coming over here . They're carrying bottles of champagne !
Time for what ?
You mean get married now ? On the plane ?
I don't know what to say , Jack !
I would like to return this book .
I would also like to check out these books .
That ’ s it .
Oh , yeah . Here you go .
That ’ ll be all .
Thanks . Have a good one .
What did she say ?
Really ? I can't believe it .
But I think a master degree is good enough for a girl .
Thank you all the same .
Yes ! Let ’ s go sailing and water skiing . That ’ s so exciting .
Yes . Let ’ s sleep on the sand . That ’ s most exciting !
Why not . If I were you , I certainly would .
As the saying goes , work value work , play value play . All work and no play make a jucky-dull boy , you know .
But I see things rather differently.The heroin is not attractive and her acting is just so-so .
It's too good to be true .
Very well . We started organizing everything early to avoid a last minute rush to get things done .
At ten o'clock on the morning of next Sunday . We have invited all our relatives to the wedding .
Yes , its design is very elaborate and the designer took many weeks to make it .
Thank you !
The Palace Hotel .
It will be expensive , but we think it will be worth .
Hi . Steven . I just drop in and want to have a chat with you .
OK . ( Sit on the sofa ) Wow ! Your house was decorated so beautiful .
She must have done a lot of work on it .
Hi , John ! I haven't seen you for ages .
So how have you been ?
Why ?
Really ? Congratulations .
I needed some money , so I hocked it last week .
I had just enough money to make ends meet until payday . Then last Wednesday I received a phone bill to the tune of $ 195.00 . I hit the ceiling when I saw that .
I'd forgotten that my brother had used my phone earlier this month to call his girlfriend . He forgot to mention that she happened to be in New York at the time 3000 miles away .
Thanks , but tomorrow's payday I can make until then . Thanks any-way .
Not much really . It's more of an American tradition , so back home we don't really celebrate it . In fact , I am not even sure of what exactly is being celebrated !
Yeah but , how did this holiday come to be ?
And then what did happen ?
Interesting ! I am amazed how big and delicious thanksgiving dinners are !
Count me in !
It's so quiet . I'm not really used to it .
It's a little eerie . I'm sure the silence will begin to grow on me .
That is a relief . It's a good thing we moved .
No . That's not why I raised my hand . I need to go to the ladies ' room .
What's a hall pass ?
I see .
Or else I'll get into trouble .
Don't believe him . He's a liar .
Exactly .
My friend and her fiance had a really good idea . They have cut out pictures from catalogues and pasted them in a notebook . The picture are of things they want . People sign their name by the item they will buy .
Most of the things were household appliance . You know , everything from an iron through a vacuum cleaner to a cooker . I think it ’ s an excellent way for everyone who knows the couple to help them set up home .
I bought a sewing machine . I know that my friend likes making her own clothes , but her current sewing machine is quite old and has some problems .
She says that after several years of use , it ’ s not working properly . When she uses it , it makes a funny noise .
I think it ’ s because the manufactures are constantly bringing out new models . Because they know that we will buy the new models , the appliances don ’ t need to last more than five or ten years at most .
not really . Quite boring right now , actually . Mostly infomercials and public service announcements .
I know , I know.But my favorite show is on in a couple of minutes . It's the series finals , and I wouldn't miss it for the world !
well , it's about how an immigrant girl achieve her dream in America . It's a sitcom but really quite smart and really funny . I think you'd like it .
I believe some shows are quite informative and interesting . Take this show for example , it examines American xenophobia and how it might conflict with the American dream , with hilarious results .
yeah.Oh , here it comes ! why don't we watch it together ? they are going to have a court debate in this episode . It should be good .
So what are you gonna do ? Just quit ?
Have you ever written up a business plan before ?
You couldn ’ t be more wrong ! A well written business plan will include an executive summary which highlights the idea of the business in two pages or less . Then you need to describe your company with information such as what type of legal structure it has , history , etc .
Wait , there ’ s more ! Then you need to introduce and describe your goods or services . What they are and how they are different from competitors ’ ? Then comes the hard part , a market analysis . You need to investigate and analyze hundreds of variables ! You need to take into consideration socioeconomic factors from GDP per capita to how many children on average the population has ! All this information is useful so that you can move on to your strategy and implementation stage , where you will describe in detail how you will actually execute your idea .
Almost , the most important piece of information for your investors will be the financial analysis . Here you will calculate and estimate sales , cash flow and profits . After all , people will want to know when they will begin to see a return on their investment !
Sure I am . I've been writing a blog for almost three years .
I began blogging when I first went to the US for my graduate strides .
At first , I'll write about my life there . Like interesting things on the campus , travel stories , special English words that I come across . Sometimes , I'll post my pictures on my blog so my friends and family can get to know how everything's going .
It's random . If there happen to be a lot of things going on , I may add several new entries in a week , and if I've got nothing to share , I may leave my blog untouched for weeks .
Sure , since I came back from the US , I've been keeping the habit of blogging , simply to share my personal insights on any topic I like .
Not much .
That sounds good .
Candlelight in the Window
I'd rather not . I don't like horror movies .
No . I heard that's really boring .
Great idea !
Hello , Candy . My name is Jim White . Nice to meet you .
I'm from New Orleans . What about you ?
Really ? This is a beautiful town .
OK . Can I have your phone number ?
I will . Bye .
Yes , the weather sure is nice today .
That sounds like a good idea.The sky is clear , the sun is shining and there's a nice cool breeze , so it is not too hot .
Hey , this spot in the shade looks really comfortable .
I don't think so . I say the weather report last night , and it said the weather should be fine all day .
Thank you , but I hate having to leave here and working abroad .
Sometime next month .
What's the matter ?
Just relax . That's because you're new to chat . Let me take a look .
ZZZ means'sleepy or tired or bored ' , A / S / L is tricky , which is often used at first encounter . It's a three-word question , ' age , / sex / location ? '
Wrong . lt's not a place name , but a passionate act .
Ahahah ... you miss her point for sure . H & K actually is an acronym for ' hug and kiss ' .
Yeah , seems that you have a lot to learn and memorize .
well , yesterday , I decided to face my fear of heights .
let me put it this way . I've never seen a professional sorts game in a stadium because I could never get myself to walk to the top of the stairs to sit down .
I went sky-diving !
It was scary , but it felt great , too .
of course I was scared . But I had an instructor that went with me and that helped .
I think so . After I jumped out of the plane , I realized that I should just enjoy life . Worrying about it or not doing things out of fear is just plain silly .
are you scared of anything ?
what do you think is going to happen ?
it sounds like you just need to be more careful .
What's it ?
What you said gives me the creeps !
How do you do , Mr . Brown ? It ’ s a pleasure to get to know you .
I propose a toast to the health of everyone here and to the success of our negotiation .
Um ... Actually I am guessing you didn't get the MEMO . Your boss was selected to fill the vacancy in the CEO slot . He actually is the CEO now , or will be , as soon as the official press releases and hoopla is done with .
No kidding ! When the last CEO left , we were worried about the future of the company .
He is responsible to the board of directors for everything that happens in the company . He or she must give leadership to all company officers , as CEO is also responsible for providing the guidance of philosophy of the company , and acting as official representative , or face of the company .
Ha ! It's not like you've ever been one to beat around the bush .
No , seriously . . . I really want this .
I know . But things have changed . I guess I've settled down .
Yes , I experienced one when I was in Tokyo once . The tremors only lasted a few seconds though and then it was over .
I don't remember , but it wasn't very serious . Have you ever been in an earthquake ?
Where are you from ?
Did your house ever get damaged from the winds ?
Wow , that must have really been scary .
Have you ever experiences a flood ?
That sure didn't last long !
What is a tornado warning ?
Really ? In New Berlin ?
I understand . They think a tornado might come .
And the second stage is called a tornado warning .
It's scary .
What do you mean a loud train ?
But if you hear them coming , isn't it already too late ?
Have you seen a lot of them ?
Did it hit their house ?
What were they doing when you called ?
That's terrible . Do many people die in tornadoes ?
Yes , he married my sister ten years ago .
Yes , my sister loves his personality .
Well I always hear it on the radio , so I started to get into it .
I totally agree !
I ’ m waiting for a bus and going for a walk in the park .
I always like to go for a walk before a supper .
How can I ? They're as alike as two peas in a pod .
You really have keen eyes .
What's the problem ?
Is there a problem ?
I apologize for their tardiness .
Again , I do apologize for the inconvenience .
Seeing as they were late , that won't be a problem .
I'm going to refund your money right now .
Hi Pete , how do you know my name ?
Oh Andrea , the Spanish girl ?
I met her last week at a party . Anyway , you must be from the United States ?
Oh , I am from London as well .
In Wimbledon - quite close to the tennis courts actually . Which is very nice because I love tennis .
That would be lovely . But now let's go and get a drink .
Do you really think so ?
Think , in some way it is an act of God , but in another way , it just is caused by us .
We didn't pay attention to the environment , cut down trees and polluted the air .
Oh really ? Is he all right ?
Poor old John ! I am ever so sorry .
Don't worry , but my clothes are made of leathers .
Thank you for your warning .
Be careful of yourself .
Well , ' Terminator ' is a really great action movie , and I like action movies because they're exciting .
It is pretty violent , but since it's just robots fighting one another , it isn't very bloody and so it won't gross you out .
Palmistry ? What is that ?
Oh , you mean palm reading 5 . I've seen that before , but I don't believe in it .
Really ? You've read books about it ? Ok , then . But only if you want to .
What else do you see ? Will I be successful ? Will I make a lot of money ?
What ? What is it ? What's the matter ?
Hey !
How did you get wind of the rumor ?
Let ’ s stop gossiping and get back to work .
Thanks , Frank . I ’ d love to come . When is it ?
Sounds like fun . You can count me in ! Just give me directions to the restaurant .
Good morning , Pete .
Ah , this is my daughter's birthday present . Her birthday is next week .
That is not for a while . His birthday is only in August .
And when is your birthday ?
My birthday is in June , when we are always on holiday . So my family often forgets my birthday too .
And I must thank you again for your generous help .
I promise I will take the first chance to call on you . Please send your wife with my best regards .
Of course . You see , almost everyone has some kind of hobby
I like taking photos out of door .
Yes , I usually develop and print all my own photos .
Yes , simple as it is . t does work .
Yes , can I return this article , please ?
You see , I bought it for my husband , but he doesn't like it .
Last Saturday .
Yes , here you are .
waiting for someone .
you're right . He is so funny and I think I'm in love with him .
I know , but I keep thinking of him every day . And I get really depressed when he's not online .
well , this might be silly . But I just can't get him off my mind . And I can't help missing him .
yes . He said I'm his dream girl .
I know . I can't tell whether he's serious or not so I need your advice .
great . My family came to visit me .
my immediate family is very large . It's my mother , my father , my two older brothers , my younger sister and me .
I thought you were the only child in the family . Didn't China practice the only-child policy in the early 1980s ?
interesting . What do you think about families with only one child ?
do you get along well with each other ?
you are very lucky to have such a nice family .
Yes , there are many cities where it's almost always warm.San Diego , for example .
Many.Most of the cities in the southern part of the United States are hot all year .
Most people grow accustomed to the climate , but there are many others who complain about it all the time .
Several.Two good examples are Seattle , in the state of Washington , and Portland , Oregon .
In the north there are many cities which are very cold in the winter.Boston and Chicago are two of them .
Oh , no.On the contrary , there are many beautiful days , especially in the spring and fall .
Why would that be funny ?
Why ?
I don ’ t agree , but anyways , I think you should start thinking of a new year ’ s resolution yourself .
Well then maybe you should resolve to sticking to your goals and objectives .
Well , I would go if you kept your promise of going to the gym with me everyday !
I ’ m not crazy about it at all .
I ’ m not interested in it . Are you keen on it ?
I hate it .
It ’ s the worst thing I ’ Ve ever tried .
You too .
I think you'd better apologize .
Maybe not , but I advice you to say it was your fault .
I am reading .
No , not yet . But I like to see what is available .
Of course , have a seat .
Yes , nice . But I prefer this wooden house with a garden fence and a sloping roof .
Well , you can't compare a small balcony to this large veranda . This is perfect for having a barbecue in summer .
Yes , next Saturday . I hope you can make it .
Sure . Have you checked the weather report ?
I'd like some toast and chicken wings .
Done . Oh , don't forget to take napkins , disposable plates , cups and picnic blanket .
Cool , we can take shuttlecock and badminton racket .
Oh I ’ m enjoying myself but it ’ s so hot here
Well it can be but Shanghai is much warmer than London .
Actually I think the buses and trains here are more modern .
Oh , I think Shanghai is much more crowded than London .
You got me on that one .
Not really !
Maybe , but I think they are just for kids .
Maybe they don ’ t agree with my taste .
I ’ Ve been away on holidays for sometime .
I went with my husband . Our first stop was Bangkok . We stayed there for 5 days . Then we flew to Hong Kong , stopover for 3 days . Our last stop was China . We visited the Great Wall .
Yes . We enjoyed ourselves very much . Have you traveled much , Luke ?
Oh , I see . Yeah . Some people like traveling , some don ’ t . My husband didn ’ t like traveling at first , either . He said what ’ s the use of traveling ? A waste of money and a waste of time.At last I got him on the move . After all , he loved me . We went to Bali , Indonesia , one of the most beautiful places in the world . That trip left a very deep impression on him . Since then whenever we have holidays and money , we ’ d like to patronize the travel agency . Isn ’ t it a bit dull to shut yourself at one place all your life ?
As of today it is . Memorial Day marks the end of the school year and the beginning of summer .
... and for us to get tans in our new bikinis .
That's smart these days with all the news on skin cancer . Hey , there's everybody ! We made it !
You mean with my performance ?
I guess everyone has a few secrets up their sleeve .
I was part of a band in school .
Come on ! This is work . Don't you think that would be a little weird ?
Sure .
It's very exciting . I think .
Hey man ! Everything is just groovy baby !
I wanted to , but I ran into this foxy lady that just moved to my block ! I was chatting her up a bit and then we mellowed out at her place .
Gravy ! Jim is such a jive turkey man . He is always hitting me up for cash . Anyway , you wanna book and go grab some grub ?
I didn't want to go out last weekend , so I decided to stay at home and watch a movie .
I was very tired after working all week . Sometimes on the weekend I don't have enough energy to go out to a movie theater .
I downloaded it so that I didn't have to remember to return it .
You're too humble .
There ’ s some , but I don ’ t think it ’ s a big problem . A lot of it is petty crime , burglary and car theft . There ’ s very little major crime .
That happens in many places . In my city , there is a very good drug rehabilitation program . The police and courts are also tough on people who commit crimes , but I don ’ t know if that ’ s the reason for our relatively low crime rate .
I think that the best way to reduce crime is to spread wealth more evenly . If most people have similar amounts of money , they will not think of stealing from others .
Oh , don ’ t go yet . Let ’ s at least have one more .
It ’ s too bad that you have to leave so early .
Thanks for coming ! We should meet again sometime soon .
Anytime . You can reach me 5558929 .
Fine .
I hope so , too . Bye ! Ben .
Big talk , I ’ d say . He does not have a girlfriend yet .
You can twist his arm in order to have a control of him .
I'm glad to hear that .
Really ? I ’ m not sure that I would like all the attention . There have been numerous cases of paparazzi interfering with star ’ s private live in recent years .
I wouldn ’ t mind having my photo taken a few times or being interviewed once or twice , but it would get tedious after a while . Imagine the things the gossip columnists would write about you .
I think you ’ ll find that many people believe what they read in gossip columns . You ’ d also have to be very careful about every word you said . If you appeared on a chat show and said something silly , it would be reported in all the newspapers and magazines .
That ’ s a great idea . Which charities would you support ?
You ’ d have to remember that anything you said or did might reflect on the charity , so you ’ d really need to be very careful . Anyway , I ’ d be the first to buy your posters and I ’ d attend your first book-singing when you wrote your autobiography .
I ’ Ve cut it upland come to the conclusion that hi is actually sick of Jenny ’ s brother . But he likes Jenny . She is a big apple in his eye .
That ’ s why many people look up to him .
I quite agree with you . They are terrible . They are complete waste of time , but my wife disagrees with me .
I couldn't agree with you more . There aren't enough educational programs , and even the news shows are not well done .
no , of course not . Go ahead .
yes , now that you mention it , I think we had a chemistry class together in high school .
What did you do after high school ?
I took a year off to go travelling .
I went all over the world . It was the best year of my life . Where did you go to school ?
Oh , did you study a foreign language ?
that's a very difficult language to learn , isn't it ?
so you can speak Chinese ?
I think most languages take a lifetime to learn well .
Oh , I feel miserable . I've got a bad cold , My head is dizzy and my nose is running .
As a matter of fact I have , The doctor said it'll go away after a day or two.He ' s prescribed me some tablets .
Yes , it helps me but I just have to wait and let my system do the work .
Oh , no , I'm fine.My refrigerator is piled up with food.But if it's not too much trouble for you . I'd like something to read .
I'd like both .
I ’ m sure you do miss that type of cooking . But can ’ t you try to get used to Western food ?
I suppose you ’ re right , Lee . Maybe that ’ s why so many Westerners are overweight .
You see , because we are often busy working , we eat too much fast food , and that food is very fattening .
Do you think that is a good idea ?
What are your main concerns ?
I know what you mean , I've thought about that myself .
Could you take a slight pay decrease for a chance to move forward ?
I think I'm convinced that trying for this position is the best choice for you .
It ’ s severe punishment , I think .
No wonder .
I went on a trip with my family last week .
We went to Europe .
London , Paris and a few other cities .
No , We didn't go there . I'd like to go there next time .
That's what I've heard .
Thanks .
Well , I just spend 15 minutes as so checking my stock bonds and booking an air ticket for my mother . Anyway , I have done all my work and it is about the time to leave .
Certainly , work always comes first .
Well , keep a low profile .
I'm having a hard time getting the information .
Oh , I didn't think of that .
Oh .
No , I knew it all along . He was the obvious choice .
A new broom sweeps clean anyway .
Well , my whole family is in the United States now , but we're from Costa Rica originally .
Actually , Costa Rica isn't in South America . It's in Central America .
Oh , How annoying !
It ’ s infuriating . I have to be in Rome by five .
No , after you . Ladies first .
That is awesome . Congratulations ! I know you can make it .
Yes . Wait for me at the cafe down my office building . Say 5 PM , ok ?
See you !
Yes , I am .
I'm going to be a clerk .
He works in an office . He writes letters and reports , and he types .
A-what ?
Good gracious ! What's that ?
I once read a story about a person who talked to animals . It was very interesting .
Hello Todd .
Australia ? Oh , there's about twenty million people in Australia right now . A little bit under , but close to twenty .
The biggest city ? The biggest city is Sydney , then it's followed by Melbourne and then Brisbane and then I think it's Perth . But most of the big cities are on the East Coast of Australia . And Perth is on the west coast , but sort of of out there by itself .
I like Brisbane . I had my teenage years in Brisbane , growing up in Brisbane , um or maybe Sidney because it is a big city , but Brisbane has got the gold coast and the sunshine .
Ah , Canberra is the capital city . But is not the biggest city . Sydney is the biggest city . Canberra was made sort of by the politicians so Sydney wouldn't get to crowded . It's a separate territory .
It's not like him to be late .
We are leaving on our science field trip at 8 a . m . next Monday . Do you have something to write that down on ?
That will be on the second of December . Be there half an hour early to get your bags on the bus . Do you understand ?
The bus will bring you back 6 days later on December 8th . Is someone coming to get you ?
We will be leaving the campground at 5 in the evening and arrive at our campus at 8 p.m.Any more questions .
I put all of that information in the packet . I'll give you another copy if you need one . See you on Monday !
What's wrong ?
Then just keep your chin up .
I was born in Beijing , but I spent most of my childhood in London .
I had a pretty strict upbringing , and my parents taught at an university so they have extremely high expectations for me .
My parents wanted me to stay in Beijing , but I decided to go back to England . I graduated from University of Newcastle upon Tyne with a degree in Cross Culture Communication .
I am a journalist . I write for China Daily .
Yes , I'm very pleased . I've just got two tickets to see the Olympic opening ceremony .
I certainly am . I would have been very disappointed if I hadn ’ t got them .
What a good idea . I'm quite hungry .
Let ’ s go then .
The lecturer is dull , too .
I feel the same way .
What's the matter ?
How could you cheat on your wife ? You have been married for ten years .
I will try my best to persuade her to reconsider the divorce . But are you sure that from now on you will be faithful to her forever ?
I know what love it . When I was young , I felt the same way .
You are , why not ask for a date ?
yes . It was so crowded . I'm worn-out . Let's find our seats .
let me see ... yes , one window seat and one aisle seat .
that's fine . I'd like to be on the aisle anyway . It's easier to get in and out .
I think the smaller carry-on bag can go in the overhead compartment , and the others can go under the seat .
don't forget to keep the seat belt on .
yes !
oh , you have too wild of an imagination .
You mean you want to stay at home ?
I thought maybe you were interested in an outing .
Do you ?
Do you watch it or do you still play it ?
I'm colin . It's nice to meet you . What do you do ?
I'm in between jobs at the moment .
I'd like to find a job with flexible hours in the IT field .
no . Is it difficult to find such a job ?
yes . I'm pretty out-going and friendly .
I have some . I worked in the IT department at a language school for four years in Spain .
yes , but not fluently .
I've sent my CV to dozens of companies but nobody has got back to me .
no , because I didn't know what I wanted to do .
thanks , I will . I'll see you tomorrow then !
That's the new teacher .
She's very nice .
English , of course .
Yes.She teaches our class three times a week .
Not very much .
They're absolutely right to get a replacement for 21 .
No way , if it still has 21 .
Yes . And you're Paul , right ? Paul Hill ?
I'm fine . After ten years , you still look great !
Not bad . Let's find a table and sit down . We have a lot to talk about .
Yes , I think so , If you want to graduated this year , you've got to take a science course .
Well , I have to take biology , chemistry , maps and physics . What you need is a good introductory course for non-science majors .
That's a problem .
Yes . I ’ Ve just come back from Scotland .
I only had time to visit Edinburgh .
It ’ s fantastic .
I went to there on business .
Yes , a lot of friends .
Yes . And I took many pictures .
Fine . And you ?
That's good . Not Evey company provides employees with training opportunity . It seems that your company wants to further develop their employees and encouragelifelong learning .
So , what's the problem ?
Yes , you are right . But one should keep learning daily to maintain our keen mental power expand our intellectual capacity . Constant learning drive us to Sharp our power of reasoning , analysis and judgement .
Yes , you are right . I think weekend is the time for family gathering and rest Maybe you could make that suggestion to your boss .
No , I don't really care too much for seminars ... I find them to be either boring ot useless . I mean , how much can you really learn in one afternoon ?
I'm still not too jazzed about going ... I feel kind of awkward in those cocktail party situations .
Now you're talking .
What about ?
You have done a lot of traveling . I'll bet you've learned quite a bit .
Because you can see the results with the general public ?
I would buy that kind of book !
It was terrific.The concert was really a hit.The symphony orchestra was so good that I was completely absorbed in their performance .
Oh , speaking of the conductor , he is indeed a genius.He did a perfect job.His name is Menuhin , a descendent of Russian American immigrants .
Absolutely right.He gave a performance of Felix Mendelssohn's violin concerto.That caused a sensation.The audience were stunned by his pure tone .
Yes , I did .
Thank you , I ’ m doing much better . I ’ Ve begun organizing everything for the funeral .
It ’ s a lot harder than I imagined . There are many things that you have to to arrange . I booked a time and date with the funeral home , but I still have a lot of things to do .
No . Wendy is being cremated . She always talked about how she didn ’ t want to be buried . I already chose a cremation urn and we plan to spread the ashes in the ocean .
Thanks , it hasn ’ t been easy , but luckily we have life insurance and Wendy left behind a detailed will that will sort out any other legal matters .
Hi ! Nicole !
Great . We can't keep up with the demand .
How about you ?
Then let me take you out to dinner to celebrate .
Do you want to bet ?
Nice meeting you , Kevin . I hope to see you again .
Sure , let's . Goodbye , then .
No , it sounds wrong . He was born in the 16th century .
1564 .
Not very well . He was white about the gills .
Yeah , but he refused to take the medicine .
I don't know the reason .
Next Wednesday .
Yes , I have .
Ten days ago .
Yes , he will .
The Ukraine team took the lead by 3 to 1 at the end of the first half .
It doesn't seem to be so easy .
I want to buy a new camcorder for my trip this summer .
not really . I thought I'd just have a look today .
sure . I'd like to see the smallest camcorder that you have first .
it's very light . That would be good . How is the battery life ?
can you also take still photos with this ?
how about night vision ? Can you use it in the dark ?
that's not bad at all . How's the microphone ? Does it pick up much sound ?
how does that compare with other models ?
I guess you can't have everything , can you ?
You could have tried to explain to him about the new programmers .
You might be right . He does think pretty highly of himself .
I heard . But did you have to tear out his nose ring ?
It ’ s getting worse . Now he ’ s eating me out of house and home . I ’ Ve tried talking to him but it all goes in one ear and out the other . He makes himself at home , which is fine . But what really gets me is that yesterday he walked into the living room in the raw and I had company over ! That was the last straw .
You ’ re right . Everything is probably going to come to a head tonight . I ’ ll keep you informed .
I'd love to .
Any day except Tuesday .
Yes , Thursday would be fine . What time shall I come ?
Yes , of course . Thank you very much .
I'm sorry , I didn't mean to forget our wedding anniversary .
I know , I'm sorry .
Is it formal or informal ?
Then , you should dress well .
I think a white shirt with a blue tie looks nice on you .
Of course , the sports shoes don ’ t go with the formal occasions .
The brown leather shoes go well with your trousers .
It ’ ll be too late ; you ’ d better take a taxi .
He used to be a policeman .
Yeah . He's a private eye now .
I don ' t think that ' s a good idea . I am just not good with approaching someone and starting up a conversation .
Pick-up lines don ' t work !
What ? Come on ! That ’ s just lame ! No girl would fall for that !
That ' s a good one ! I think that ' s pretty funny .
Ok , how does this sound , “ I was so enchanted by your beauty that I ran into that wall over there . So I am going to need your name and number for insurance purposes . ”
If they all unite on a certain issue , it's the stockholders who have the final say . You'd think it might be our CEO or the workers , but in fact , the stockholders control the money so they have the most power .
It might not be the most efficient , but if you think about it , it makes pretty good sense . The stockholders are our investors . They own the capital in our company , so they should have say about what is done with the company .
No , I didn't . And you ? Was it good ?
How much was the ticket ?
I didn't know you liked old movies .
You're so right ! Today's movies are just too commercial !
Well , Brad from school asked me out just today .
But I don't know what to do .
My mom says no boyfriend until I'm in college .
Actually , that's what a lot of parents in Taiwan say to their kids .
Yeah ? You finally decided to wipe the slate clean ?
So what are you going to do ? Take up an art class or something ?
I ’ m with you on that one . Anything else you ’ re planning on doing ?
It ’ s about time !
I should finish it as soon as possible .
Why can I learn it ?
I feel I really stupid .
Wow , what a great burd !
She's a real turn-on , alright ?
Yeah , I noticed . She must be really loaded .
Lucky her . Anyway , I think that is just as beautiful .
Well , that's my opinion .
Oh , there is no comparison . Now we are talking but ugly .
Yes . Swimming is one of my most favorite sports , indoors or out-doors .
I have never thought that swimming can bring us so many benefits . I only know that swimming in great waves and deep running water can train people's spirits , and enable people to be fearless of the hardships , dangers and difficulties and become brave and staunch .
Yes , but not always . However , I won't let it go if I have a chance .
Do you really believe in that ? If they are going to focus on something , they should do it on civil rights .
I understand your point , but we continue to have transgressions against human rights . If so much attention weren ’ t devoted to the topic of animals , we would then concentrate more on saving a human being instead of protecting a koala .
Well , you are right on that point . This is the reason that I don ’ t buy leather and I try to buy synthetic products .
As long as you don ’ t treat it better than your wife , it ’ s fine .
Did Mr . Lin put you in charge of marketing ?
Where will it be ?
Is it because of trade negotiations that we can start selling in the U . S . ?
Great .
You seem excited about it .
Do you honestly think we can compete though ? All the computer giants are there .
The company will have to choose a good advertising firm.And then there's the problem of quality.How do we convince American buyers that our quality is good ?
Well , I hope it all works out , John . I think if you're part of the team , things will go well.But you know we'd all miss you here . So I won't say I'm happy to think that you're leaving .
Me ? No way . I'm dedicated to the company , but I'm not going to leave Taiwan . I'm happy here .
I ’ m very pleased with their performances . Timmy can cover the 100 meters in 12 seconds . That ’ s very fast for a kid his age .
He ’ s not bad . He can jump a distance of over four meters . I think he just prefers running to jumping . Jimmy ’ s very good at the high jump . He can jump over two meters . Again , that ’ s fine for someone hi
The longest race we run is the 1500 meters . A few of the boys and one girls can do it in less than five minutes .
They ’ re ok . I ask them to swim 500 meters each day . That ’ s 20 lengths of the swimming pool . They ’ re not very fast , but that ’ s ok . I just want them to build their strength up and keep in shape .
I ’ d be afraid to jump from that height !
It seems that they really enjoy to go faster , higher and further .
Five . Besides my parents and me , there are my brother and sister .
15 .
He ’ s not quite 25 .
Yes .
No . But I write to them often .
Once a month .
You ’ re in America now , my British friend . We just call it football .
The Giants are up by three points because of the field goal they kicked , but the Redskins have the ball and there pretty close to the end zone .
Yeah , he tackled him so hard his helmet came off .
It looks like it , he ’ s getting up .
The Giants ?
Well , here we go again .
The Redskin ’ s quarterback just threw a touchdown pass for seven points . We ’ re losing again .
If I think of famous people , I think of Abraham Lincoln .
That's the one . He also was famous for never giving up on his goals .
And I also admire him for his courage in fighting for equal rights .
And humility . I would have liked to meet him personally .
I have a typical 9 to 5 job . Actually , I work a little longer than 9 to 5 most days .
No , I don ’ t . I get a bonus each month , depending on the value of the contracts I sign with clients .
We have an hour-long lunch break from 12 to 1 . we can take coffee breaks during the day . My boss doesn ’ t mind , as long as we get out work done on time .
There ’ s some paperwork , but most of the time we put any information onto computers . Then we can send information to each other by email or across the network . Do you work in a cubicle ?
I work in a cubicle too , but I I don ’ t mind it .
Don't shoot . I give up .
Really ? I thought he loved his wife very much .
He deserved it .
Speaking .
Hi , Rose . How ’ s everything ?
Sounds good . What time do you want me to come ?
Fine with me . I just want to get this over with . It ’ s important we make a clean break . I should have signed a pre-nup .
Nothing ! Anyway , you ’ re right , there ’ s no reason this has to be nasty . My lawyer tells me you ’ Ve accepted our alimony proposal and the division of property , as well as the custody agreement-I keep the cat and you get the dog . So that ’ s done ... finally .
Fine , but I ’ m keeping the antique gramophone as my grandfather gave it to me .
He ’ s my grandfather , and he never really liked you anyway !
How typical , when are you ever going to use a silver tea set ? Fine ! I don ’ t want to drag this out any longer than necessary . What ’ s next ? What about these old photographs ?
Our trip to Italy ! I remember that day . We were going to visit the Trev fountain , and we got caught in the rain ...
Oh , we really did have fun back then , didn ’ t we ?
Oh Jeff ! I love you too ! I ’ m so glad we didn ’ t have to decide who keeps the motorcycle .
Sorry , I don't know , there's something wrong with my watch .
In the coming , before going to work .
OK . I'll turn it on .
Well , I'm setting my watch at four . Thank you .
Yes , Sally . I want to do some sit-ups and perhaps get in a game of singsong .
I'd love it.Working out is more fun with a friend .
Good.If you happen to see Jim and Bob on the way see if they would like a game of singsong .
That of the old man .
Some of the scenes moved me into tears .
Okay . But what is a tailgate party ?
How fun ! Can I bring something ?
I make a mean potato salad !
Then I'll see you in the parking lot at five ! Thank you !
I need to get a passport .
When will I be able to do that ?
That ’ s fine .
Then what do I do ?
How long will it take for my passport to be ready ?
That ’ s perfect .
Are you nuts ? What would my friends think if they see me in a hired car ?
Oh this is hard ! Well , I ’ ll see what I can do .
You do ? OK , fine with me .
But I also want ya to do me a favor .
You gotta have some better deodorant .
I knew this would happen some day .
Well . It's not all my fault , Anna . You are responsible , too .
I think we can still talk .
Talk it easy , Anna . You really don't hate me . do you ?
Yes , it is.It ' s wonderful after the downpour .
I hope it stays nice like this for a long period of time .
You're right.We don't know what is going to be like tomorrow .
The weatherman predicts a fine day today .
Next Saturday ? I ’ m sorry . I ’ Ve promised to go to a Chinese Opera with my daughter .
Yes , Sunday sounds fine . What time ?
It suits us fine . We ’ ll see you then .
Isn ’ t that Michael Johnson ? I think he set a world record in this race .
Are you sure ? What about Carl Lewis ? He won four golds , didn ’ t he ?
I like the way Carl runs . He looks more graceful .
Saturday ? Oh , I have a previous engagement .
I've already got plans , too .
How about Friday ? Only in that day can I arrange it .
That's settled then . I'll contact you later .
Em , it's delicious !
You're lucky .
What ?
That sounds like fun .
No , and I have no way of getting ahold of him ! There's no phone where he's at !
My older sister Judy will be here soon to help . She already has a boy and a girl of her own ...
Sunday papers . I usually read them after coming back home from our company .
As you know , I am a sports fan . And these papers are famous for their sports section . So I will feel relaxed after grasping some information I am interested in .
Correct ! What about you , Fred ?
Don't overdo it .
I get drunk easily .
Yes , it's nice and bright .
I hope so too .
It's usually a bit hotter than today .
It's pretty cold and it often snows .
Let's hear the weather report later . What's the weather like in your hometown ?
That's quite a lovely weather .
Have you ever seen a hurricane ?
Do they often happen in your country ?
Oh , it's time for the weather reporter . Let's turn on the TV .
No , I am on business . I will spend half a month for the business .
I am currently working in a foreign company as a salesman .
Maybe . But it provides much wider space for me to improve the skills and increase the experience . What about you ?
Do you like your job ?
Which kind of news do you catch ?
Are you feel tired ?
You have to experience this if you want to be an extraordinary reporter .
I'm glad you like it.The bell is on the bedside.Just ring if you want anything.The room attendant speaks a little English.So I don't think you'll have any trouble .
I think so.Here it is.It ' s by the basin .
Yes , it is .
Aw , shucks , ma'am .
Mr . Mechanic , I'd like a nice Venezuelan blend this morning .
But really , maybe this can work . Everyone loves coffee , and everyone needs motor oil .
It ’ s quite an interesting place to live . The best thing to do in my city is go shopping . There are several indoor and outdoor markets , department stores and shopping malls .
Not really . Cars are not permitted in several parts of city centre , especially in the main shopping areas . The public transport system is pretty good .
There are restaurants with food from all over the world . We have a small china-town near the city centre . There are many Indian , thai , and Italian restaurants all over the city centre . There are many s
There are several good clubs near the city centre . Many people in my city prefer something more cultural , so we several theatres and venues for classical music concerts and operas .
It is . I hope you ’ ll have time to come for a visit soon . You really should come during the summer , when the weather is better and there ’ s more happening outdoors .
I had a drop too much last night . I attended a banquet given by a Chinese colleague of mine . And it was startling for me to find that people are forced to drink against their will on a Chinese table .
I just felt embarrassed if I refused to drink when people toasted to me . But if I keep gulping down one cup after another , I'm afraid I would feel unfit or sick .
a few guys even threw a drunken fit last night , crying hoarsely and bawling whole heaps of nonsense that I never understood .
I got you . Next time . I'll preface a toast with a statement like ' I can't drink any more ' and then drink anyway .
We planned our wedding for next May .
Yeah , I did . But my fiancee has an important project .
Julie ’ s friend , Mary . And John will be the best man .
Good afternoon , Mr . Green .
I'm sorry , but he's not in , he's gone out on business .
Please come in for a cup of coffee .
Who wrote it ?
Who're the producer , the director , the stars , heroine and the hero ?
Yes , Sally . I want to do some sit-ups and perhaps get in a game of singsong .
I'd love it . Working out is more fun with a friend .
Good . If you happen to see Jim and Bob on the way see if they would like a game of singsong .
Give me a chance to explain . I was no my way and I had an accident .
I am fine . In fact , I don't have a scratch on me or my vehicle . But the other guy is in critical condition .
Yes , I'm serious . I'm really sorry about missing your concert .
Of course I forgive you . What are friends for ? Now , what am I going to do for that other guy ?
Autumn is the best season in Beijing you know ?
What is the whether like in Washington at this time of this year ?
Is it very cold in winter there ?
Does it rain a lot in summer there ?
How about here in Beijing ?
I feel it ’ s rather dry here
Are you from south ?
I see . So this is your hometown ?
He is really terrific !
What's her figure ?
What's the color of her eyes ?
how old is she ?
Sure it is . Why don't we go to a park ?
I've never seen anything like it .
I'm fine . How about yourself ?
No problem . So how have you been ?
I've been good . I'm in school right now .
I go to PCC .
It's okay . It's a really big campus .
Thank you very much .
Oh , what does he look like ? Is he tall ?
I can tell it from your build .
Yeah . I get sick of her . She always bends my ear about what she thinks .
But I don ’ t like anyone who would drive me crazy by telling me what to do .
Really ? How many do you have ?
That is a lot of friends . Do you have a best friend ?
How many best friends do you have ?
Hmm . I have only one best friend .
I have only a few friends .
That's very nice of you .
Is he beating Mark ’ s time ?
I'm not .
I trust you .
I'm fling , Jack . ( singing ) Come , Josephine , in my flying machine . Up she goes , and up she goes ...
My condolences .
Yeah , the government really takes a bit , doesn't it ?
Yeah , I don't mind it either . We ’ ll both end up rich slobs and not need it , but what if we do , you know ?
Yeah , my grandmother gets by on social security and the money my grandfather invested when he was alive .
Really ? No , they couldn't . None of them would have jobs if they did .
Oh , hey ...
Actually , my office is right around the corner .
Yeah , yeah , it was really interesting . You know , I'm in a bit of a hurry , but here ’ s my card . We should definitely meet up again and continue our discussion .
You know what , this is really embarrassing , but your name has just slipped my mind . Can you remind me ?
Take your pick , Julie .
I wish I could , but I'm busy . I'm going to work at a soup kitchen tonight .
Nah , it's a place where homelesspeople go to eat .
Well , the minister at my church told us about it , and it seemed interesting . I thought I'd try it once , and if I didn't like it I'd stop .
It's simple . All we do is prepare some food , usually sandwiches and some fruit , and give it out to them at the soup kitchen .
Only about two hours , for a couple of days a month . Why don't you give it a try ?
Come on , it's easy , and it'll make you feel good . Why don't you come with me tonight ?
Hello Wang . I'm Dou . Pleased to meet you .
Just call me Miao Dou , Please .
That ’ s great . Is the electrician here today ?
You ’ re right . I wasn ’ t . I hear nothing .
Not a sound on the city streets , just the beat of my own heart , I think that ’ s how it goes , something like that .
Engaged ?
Are you crazy ?
Promise ?
Yes , I have a very special one . I will be doing volunteer work in a zoo for two weeks . A friend of mine working there told me the other day that they were in need of some volunteer keepers . I was very interested . So I asked him to get me the application form . Lucky , my application was approved by the manager very soon .
I will help to prepare food , feed animals and clean up . I ’ m very excited about it now .
Ok , I will bring you photos as many as possible .
Uh , just for fun . Happy Easter , Mom . We got you these Easter lilies .
Of course I'm pale . It's just now the beginning of spring . I don't have my summer tan yet .
I'm fine , Mom . Remember Holly ? This is her roommate , Yi-jun ..
Yes . I ’ Ve finished making the birthday cake and I ’ Ve put all the things on the table . Did you find the party hats ?
Thanks . Do you think we have enough for the kids to eat and drink ?
That birthday cake looks wonderful , but you haven ’ t put any candles on it yet .
I ’ Ve brought a tape with lots of children ’ s songs on it .
No , nothing . Why ?
Yes , I do , very much .
Oh , yes . I ’ d love to .
Sorry . You know the rules .
That ’ s out of the question .
Not a chance .
Sorry , it ’ s impossible .
Yes , I like ping-pong very much , but I can't play well .
Is she really ? I can ’ t believe it !
Good gracious . That ’ s incredible !
You ’ re kidding .
Really ? I ’ m surprised .
Me too .
Of course , but I'll have to go now .
I'd like reading books best .
Literature and economy .
That's OK .
I like to play golf , play badminton or crack jokes .
That's a bad habit .
Yes , he is running for class president .
Take my word for it .
What kind of food will they be serving ?
It sounds like this is going to be authentic Mexican food .
Do you know the day they plan to open ?
Maybe we can make reservations ahead of time ?
That would be great . I am really in the mood for a spicy hotpot . Any special reason for the invitation ?
It was my pleasure . How about this evening ? I feel very hungry now .
Ok with me . You are the boss . I will meet you downstairs after work .
No , I don ’ t want to eat anything .
I ’ m down in spirits .
My manager jumped on me for my mistake today .
I think I'm too clumsy . I can do nothing well .
But I doubt myself .
Busy with your work again ?
I'm not at all convinced . Tomorrow is Saturday !
What for ?
Oh . I've really forgotten it .
A silk scarf . I love it . Thank you very much . My lovely son .
He's very strict with us .
Indeed.He ' s strict with himself , too.We can see every lecture of his is well-prepared .
How is everything going on ?
You look prettier than before .
Don ’ t ever mention him . I ’ m getting over it .
Are you done ?
Hi , Paul . I haven't seen you for a long time .
Fine , thank you , and you ?
I came to see my uncle . He lives in the next block .
Well , I am certainly going to take chemistry and physics , but I haven't decided on the other subjects yet . I'd like to take English .
Because I want to study english literature . but I think chemistry is better for getting a job .
I am going to be a , well , I hope to be a research chemist .
sorry , I'm afraid that I've got plans tonight .
I'm going to my parents ' house for my father's birthday .
it's his 50th birthday .
sure thing . What are your plans for the evening ?
well , if you can wait until tomorrow night , I'll go with you then .
sounds like this weekend just isn't going to work out for us .
sure.Hey , I'm sorry , but I've got to get going .
say hello to your friends for me .
Bye !
Hi , how are you doing ?
Glad to meet you , Wang Lin . I am Mary .
Yes . My company has an office here , and I have just been transferred .
Great . I would like that .
Oh , hi Melissa . Are you going to the conference too ? I was planning to pick up Mr . Campbell .
Oh I see , okay . So I heard you got married . Congratulations !
That sounds so romantic ! Jack and I were hoping to get married in Europe next year , but we had to postpone our plans . We just don't have the money !
I sure do . In my opinion , it's actually becoming more expensive than back home .
Nope ! It's the latest generation of PAD ! You won't believe what it can do .
It has a built-in camera unit that takes digital color stills . It also plays MP3 files , which I can save on media cards and then transfer to the hard drive of my computer .
This one comes with its own folding keyboard . It has a pre-installed handwriting recognition program . I can use the stylus to write on the screen .
Just plug in a peripheral CD or floppy drive and you're ready to go !
Oh , nothing .
( Laugh ) All right . You caught me in the act . I finally worked up the nerve to ask Diana out . I was just writing a note to put on her desk .
I admit it . I'm a wuss . I just can't do it in person .
That's different . When I'm working , I'm in a different frame of mind . But , when I even think about asking her out , I get tongue-tied . At least in a note , I can get the words out without turning beet red .
Well , for one thing , she's gorgeous . She's so upbeat and sweet . Who doesn't like her ? Oh , I don't know . All I do know is that I think we have great chemistry together . But , what if I'm wrong . Maybe she's just been nice to me out of courtesy and doesn't think of me that way . Oh ... forget it . This was a bad idea .
What note ?
You're kidding ! I can't believe you've been standing this entire time and didn't say anything .
Yeah , I want the note .
Thanks . I plan on it .
He never came .
I wouldn ’ t exactly characterize it in that way . I think something happened . Something terrible and unexpected that made it impossible for him to ... what if he showed up , took one look at me and left ?
Maybe , there was a subway accident .
A train got trapped underground with him inside .
And you know , how those express trains create suction .
It's OK . It seems we have a lot in common .
He is tall and slim , fair-haired .
He is a nice guy and very considerate . I am impressed with how smart he is and he has a great sense of humor .
He didn't say , but he said he would call me .
Oh , David . Stop it ! I am a bit nervous ! What should I do if he doesn't call me ?
Thank you , David . You're always so encouraging .
It's nothing to get upset about .
No . It's out of the question .
What's the big deal ?
Maybe it's just a blessing in disguise . I've been wanting to try a new place anyway .
Not a great deal .
For accounting system and things like that , you mean ?
Yes ?
Of course , his machine must have been connected to a computer .
Thank you !
Yeah . I'm lucky to be his wife .
So he will make a perfect husband . Make sure you will be here next Monday .
Thank you very much .
A gold watch !
I love it ! Darling , you ’ re kind .
Goofed off ? Maybe , but I'm not a clock-watcher . I finished doing what I should do and then knock off an hour earlier .
I'm sure of what I'm doing .
You too . Have you lost some weight ?
Not some crazy diet fat I hope .
Good for you , keep it up .
Yes , it's to my liking , too .
It's my dream .
Hey , Andrew . How's everything with work ?
Really ? What's he been doing ?
Are you ? What are you busy with ?
What happened ?
What ? Why ? Can ’ t you renew it ?
Well , I can help you pack . We should start looking for a new place for you ASAP .
Well , let me know if there ’ s anything I can do to help out .
Hehe .. sure
I think housing is a big problem . There are thousands of homeless people on the streets .
I have a good idea to solve it . The government could provide some money for homeless people to build their own homes .
I think the government can afford it . Besides , there are many advantages . Homeless people would find it easier to get jobs if they had an address . They would learn some useful skill for finding jobs in the construction industry or home improvement .
If we are to invest more money to education , we will need to raise taxes . That wouldn ’ t be popular with voters .
The government should show that it is using money efficiently . Sometimes you hear about how the government has wasted money on a project .
But there're some mare's tails .
Oh , really , I thought it was a sign of rain .
Thanks . Does it suit me ?
I know . That ’ s why I bought it . I hate wearing the same styles like everybody else is wearing .
It ’ s very nice of you to say so . I should say you are glamorous yourself , as a matter of fact .
It was fantastic , but I'm glad to be back ! Being a tourist is really tiring !
Because it's off-season , we got a really good package deal to Paris , so we went there .
That was the first thing we did . I have a few pictures . Do you want to see them ?
Oh , that's a picture of me on our fourth day of travelling . I'm standing next to a famous foundation in the centre of the city .
No , by that time , I was sick of sightseeing . I had had enough of art galleries , cathedrals , fountains , statues , and palaces !
We spent that afternoon walking around a flea market . We had a few coffees , watched a movie , and went for a swim in the pool at the hotel .
Of course ! You can't go to Paris without going to their famous art gallery ! I was surprised by how small the Mona Lisa was though .
Thank you . It has been handed down in my family for three generations .
It surely is .
He ’ s doing fine . A new broom sweeps clean .
I think we ’ ll benefit a lot .
She told me that she's got tennis practice today .
How did you know ?
I see . Do you live in this neighborhood , too ?
Oh , Cindy did mention you before . You're Alexander Newman .
The Ukraine team took the lead by 3 to 1 at the end of the first half .
It doesn't seem to be so easy .
Yes . It is also called Dragon Boat Festival .
We celebrate it to commemorate a great patriotic poet of China — Qu Yuan .
We'll have rice dumplings . What's more , there are also dragon boat matches in some places of southern China .
It's as plain as the nose on your face . They're dating each other .
Well , you can bet this relationship's going to be a flash in the pan .
I think you are absolutely right . Actually , my father proposed to my mother after knowing her only two weeks . They got married a month later .
I have to have at least eighteen to keep my scholarships and grant . But so far , I only have fifteen .
Yes . And now I'm down to either taking a class I'm not going to need or considering a double major .
I think with International Business a language would be appropriate .
As a matter of fact , I would like to work in South America . So some Latin language like Spanish or Portuguese would work .
I got a character part — some old lady who shows up in a few scenes .
Are you kidding ? You got the leading role .
I would trade you if I could but I don't think I'd be a very convincing macho A .
I do a good old lady . I wouldn't mind being the damsel in distress once in a while .
Oh , thank you very much . I ’ d like to come , but I ’ m afraid I ’ m busy that evening .
Well , I ’ m not too sure , actually . I ’ Ve got a lot going on the next couple of weeks . Why don ’ t I call you later ?
I like spring best . It is neither too cold nor too hot . Freezing days make me lazy and stuffy days make me lazier . How about you ?
How do you get through the stuffy daytime ?
Yeah , really , jane and ted always have great parties .
Oh , so you're a teacher .
I'm in the car business .
Yes , that's right .
Nice to meet you , I'm jim taylor .
Yeah . Whatever became of him ?
That's great . We should visit him some time .
OK . See you .
I'd like to speak to the Ms . Collins , please .
This is Nathaniel Brown .
I'd like to talk to her about my accommodation situation .
Ok .
Sure . Can you have her call me back on my cell phone number ?
It's 0-7- 7-8- 7-3- 6-7- 6-8- 8 .
No , there's no double six at the end of the number . It's just zero , double seven , eight , seven , three , six , seven , six , double eight .
Anytime before 6 pm tonight .
Thank you !
bye !
Is everything OK ?
Come in ! Quickly !
What do you mean ?
Security , Dan , security ! You can never be too safe you know ! A lot of sickos out there . Just the other day they caught that peeping tom red handed ! Had a high power telescope and binoculars by his window .
Paranoid ? I ’ m not paranoid ! I ’ m cautious ! You see Dan , we have to be on guard at all time ! People just invade your privacy as if they knew you ! Telemarketers , solicitors , even your bank ! They have way too much information ! I like to keep everything on a need to know basis .
You are being watched ! Be careful Dan ! Be careful !
I'm sorry to have made you disappointed .
Was I ? Sorry , I didn'y mean to be . I do apologize .
Forgive me darling . I'm very tired .
Hi , John ! I haven't seen you for ages .
So how have you been ?
That's a good idea . I haven't been in a while and I need to get a new backpack . The old one is hanging on by a thread !
Do you have to remember every text ?
Yes ?
Sure he is . Winter swimming does good to health , I hear .
It doesn't matter to me .
Either way . I don't care .
I couldn't careless .
Whatever you say .
I don't mind if you want to .
No , it is the original one .
I have changed a case for it .
Of course . That's why I bought this type . I can change its case frequently , so it is novel to use it .
There are two more , one is orange and the other is pink . I have bought them all .
I'd love to go out with you , but I'm sorry I'm busy tonight , but I'd like a rain check .
Why ?
I see .
Can I get you another blanket ?
I'll turn the heat up .
Absolutely ! Everything that ’ s thrilling turns me on .
What is it ?
I do not like the play with complicated plot . What's on today ?
I know that . I have seen the film as the same title . Andrews gives a performance to be remembered for a lifetime from Maria to a cheerful governess .
Of course , it is a nice song that can make audience calm and pleasant .
I hope the opera will be more stupendous than the movie . Have you bought the tickets ?
Let's go . We'd better buy the tickets earlier and have dinner in restaurant .
Sorry , I can ’ t .
I ’ d like to . But I ’ m afraid I can ’ t .
That ’ s sounds great .
No . I ’ d better not .
Because I don ’ t think my husband would like it . Thank you for inviting me anyway .
I'm not surprised .
My brother in-law just dropped in from the states .
I decided to put him up while he's here , big mistake !
He's lazy . I tried being a good host , but if you give him an inch , he'll take a mile .
You can say that again .
Two weeks . If he thinks I'll put up with his attitude that long he's got another thing coming .
Hi , Steven . Do you have time and chat with me ?
The new couple next door divorced . Have you heard about it ?
I guess it Is Mrs Hill . She sued for divorce on the grounds of her husband's misconduct with his secretary .
OK . I close my mouth .
I just broke up with a girl . Why didn't she understand that I loved her ?
I don't know . She always said I didn't love her , but I did .
I have asked for a talk again , but she refused and said she wanted to be quiet .
Thank you for saying that . It's a present from my girlfriend .
What are they ?
Wow !
Two waves ?
And the other half come in later to pick up the second wave .
What ? What did you buy ?
What is it ? Why did you buy a brick ?
And ?
And it's a brick ?
I can't believe how stupid you are . Why didn't you open the box ?
So he had the boxes wrapped in plastic .
But why would a guy be selling new video cameras for twenty dollars ?
Aha ! Now I understand.You were trying to buy stolen goods on the sidewalk.So , what I think is , you deserve to get cheated !
That's no problem.He just has a friend who works in a shop that can do plastic wrap . That's easy.And probably it's the same shop he got the boxes from.Maybe his friend works in an electronics store . They sell video cameras there . Probably they had a couple video camera boxes lying around.So they get the idea of wrapping bricks to sell to fools like you.Twenty dollars a brick . That's a good profit if they can sell enough bricks .
You're supposed to stand here quietly until the flag - raising ceremony is over .
When everything is over .
Not yet . You should stand still for another few minutes . Late-comers must be recorded .
You bet . I'm really excited .
I'm just watching some television .
Me too . Do you think we are boring people ?
That's right . What do you think we should do as a hobby ?
I like to play the piano for fun .
Hobbies are great . I'm going to make a list of all the things I like to do .
Yes , but it was many years ago .
I was a naughty boy and I played hooky . So the school gave me a punishment to clear the classroom for a week .
It's cool .
Would you ? I wouldn't .
Oh , I don't know . I'd buy a big house with a garden for my wife and kids , I suppose . But it's difficult to imagine having a lot of money .
Wouldn't you ? What would you do with all that spare time ?
What would you do after that ?
It doesn't sound very exciting .
I'd be happy if I got a rise .
Well , I'm not likely to get a rise and you haven't the money for a mink coat , so let's come down to earth and have another drink .
I'll have a pint of the best .
All right . Make it a double , will you ?
so do i . I don ’ t like cats .
I can ’ t bear being near cats . They don ’ t seem to like me either .
I ’ m fond of snakes . I think they ’ re great . I agree with you about spiders though . I think spiders are horrible . I think it ’ s because they have so many legs .
I agree . I ’ m carry about mice . I think they ’ re so cute !
Yeah , it happened a week ago .
Fortunately , she's not seriously injured .
Thank you for inviting me .
A glass of white wine would be fine , thank you .
What does his dad say ?
I only allow my child to watch up to an hour a day . I don ’ t think that tv is bad for kids . I think that kids should be active and not become couch potatoes .
If you decide to put a limit on the amount of tv they can watch , remember to have something else for them to do . If you don ’ t , they ’ ll get bored and misbehave .
Sure . You could talk to other parents in your neighbourhood and plan it so that all the kids are free at the same time .
That ’ s a good idea . Remember that if the parents watch too much Tv , the kids will probably follow suit .
Did they finally fill that post , how come I haven't seen her ? She must have not been inducted yet .
Is she just working temporarily ? What are they going to do when Maggie comes back from leave .
not much . I'm just trying to hook up to the internet . I'm having a few problems though .
I've got all the cords plugged in , but it appears that I'm offline .
actually , I've got a wireless connection .
I hook up to the Internet every day . I can't believe I didn't do that .
No , but I'd like to . Do you have to pay to do instant messaging ?
what do you do if people want to talk to you online but you don't want to talk to them ?
what's your email address ? I'll add you to my contacts list .
cool . We can meet up in a chat room sometime or just chat online using messenger.thanks for your help .
What a bone head ! Be careful next time .
Yeah , about .
Oh , definitely . I remember , when I first arrived in Guangzhou , my girlfriend was haggling with a sales clerk over the price of a mobile phone .
I mean , I understand that . But the speed of the conversation got faster and faster , until it seemed to me that they would fight . My perception of the tone was that it was a violent shouting match . The truth was that it was a perfectly normal conversation .
I am not exaggerating at all . I ’ m telling you the truth . That was how I felt at that time .
Yes , absolutely true .
Yeah.He never stops asking questions .
I'm fed up with his endless talking .
I can't see it .
No . As far as I can remember he was supposed to be on a business trip to Lisbon .
Maybe you'll call his home .
Uh , I don't know what to say . What do you want to know ?
Let me think a minute . I think I always try to take every chance to practice .
Well , I talk to myself . That is , I play one role first , than the other .
Perfect.Couldn ' t be better !
It's just what I wanted .
I'm really pleased with it.Thanks .
It's super .
Yeah .
Well , if that's the case , I don't mind breaking the image that they might have or the standards that they have . I can only do what I know , and live how I've lived all my life , because I'm a fairly stubborn person .
I don't go to parties . The parties I go to are the barbecues I have in my house . Being seen in the right places is something that I don't believe in . I don't believe in going to events just for the sake I of being seen .
Yes . I have a very low-key life ; I have a great life . I love what I do and I love how I spend my time , which isn't in a public place .
I've never had one person that I'd idolized . The comparisons to Jul-ia Roberts are incredibly flattering . I don't really know who I would compare myself to . I'd like to be a combination of a lot of people . A little bit of everything , really . I haven't quite figured out where my strengths are yet , and I've definitely found my weaknesses .
Normally at six . Before that , they spend several years in the kindergarten or pre-school education center .
Right . In the countryside , things are more complicated .
It depends . In some poor , underdeveloped areas , children's education is a problem . Many kids cannot afford to go to school .
Leave him alone , he ’ ll soon stop .
OK . Nothing serious . He just wants us to be with him .
Thank you . My husband gave it to me .
Yes I am . I got married five years ago .
No , we met at university .
Yes , it is . Thanks . I ’ m just surfing on the internet .
This cafe offers a wireless internet connection . That means I can get on the net for free while I ’ m here . Of course , I have to buy a cup of coffee !
No . you can only do it when the cafe offers a wireless connection . There are only about 10 or 12 places that offer it in this city .
I ’ Ve got all the usual ones for word processing and then I have a few for creating and editing photographs .
It ’ s wonderful , isn ’ t it ? Would you like to see some photos that I look recently ?
Oh , it ’ s lovely . Think of the nasty weather we had last week .
Fine , thank you . And you ?
Can you believe I'm going to America ?
Yes , I'm really excited .
I have an idea .
You just turn a deaf ear when she talks .
So are you .
I feel exactly the same way as you .
What ? You don ’ t love me ? Me , either .
No .
I know , I know . Well , is there some , is there someone else ? Oh , that woman on television , Sydney Ann .
She'd better drink plenty of hot water and lie in bed .
Don't worry . She will be all right .
Oh , yes , it is . Thank you . I was looking for it just now .
Have you ?
Just two blocks away , in that tall building .
My family move in just two weeks ago . We live on the fourth floor .
I ’ m Chen Ming .
I ’ m glad to meet you , Mr . Song .
No , I ’ m going to the airport to meet some friends from Beijing .
How can I forget my old friend ?
Thank you very much .
A new candy shop just opened around the corner last week . They have a variety of candies and it is always full of people .
Are you serious ? It is always crowded with many people .
Look at the candy bar over there . It is so colorful and tasty .
I want to get a big bag and buy a little of everything .
To be honest , I care only about whether I can have some delicious candy eat . I couldn't care less about whether the shop is popular or not .
That is true . Speaking of cavities , I am starting to feel something is wrong with my teeth now . Let's get more strawberry chocolate drops before we go home .
I really can't say . Both teams this year seem really good .
That sounds great !
Good morning Mr . Li
Oh . It ’ s a nice day indeed
Really . For me too .
Oh , I ’ m sorry .
Yes , they do . It's great for them to tie the knot and get married .
Nothing seems to be happier for them .
I ’ d say , think twice about it . Well , you are not going to quit school , are you ?
What did you get ?
That's not bad .
Listen , John . I understand that you are such an excellent student and I know you must have lots of stress , but you really want to give up ?
I know . Don't worry . Do you know what you should do ?
You need to blow off some steam . The world is not on your shoulder .
Forget about school and exams . Come over to my house and have fun . I have some really good DVDs .
Then go to bed and have a good sleep .
Of course I am . Well , pleasant dreams !
No , I'm not.Hey , look at that guy over there .
The guy in the blue shirt at the table by the window .
Right there .
Yes , it's Mel Gibson .
I don't know . Why don't you go ask for his autograph ?
Why not ?
We have so Ay ! But my favorite happens at Christmas Eve .
Well , all the brothers and sisters get together and fill the Christmas stockings for the litt 1e kids .
Well , in fact it's fun for us to just be together that night and do this one thing .
You should be there some Christmas Eve .
Sure . What is it ?
I'm glad to help you . But what is it you want to ask about ?
Why ? I think the meeting went well .
Yes . But what are you worried about ?
Rude ? You weren't rude at all , Annie . Why do you think you were rude ?
I understand . But really you weren't rude at all.You said what you thought . I think he appreciates that .
Yes .
You mean because you are a woman ?
Listen , Annie . You shouldn't worry about Mr . Drummond.He is a very good man to work for . He is not sexist at all.He appreciates people for their ideas.And he is willing to take suggestions from men or women .
I agree with you on that , Annie . I've worked for Derek Drummond for nine years now . I feel he appreciates his employees for their work , not their gender . I would never change jobs .
Any time . If you have a good idea , don't be afraid to speak up.This is a company that appreciates initiative .
why , Jerry ? Your words just came out of the blue .
I work very hard and that's it , you know , practice makes perfect .
I have no idea .
well , Jerry , let me tell you a secret .
my IQ score is slightly above average .
maybe I've got a higher EQ . I'm not sure .
you can say that again , Jerry . And I'm sure you're high in both of them . With a little more time cracking the books , you can also get high marks .
let's go !
Oh . Hi Matt . I went snowboarding yesterday and my whole body aches .
Yeah . And I never want to go again .
That's exactly how I feel now .
Ha . There won't be a next time .
I'll think about it after I start feeling better . Right now , I don't even want to hear the word snowboarding .
Oh , hi Stacy .
I worked over the summer at a restaurant . Have to make tuition money , right ? What did you do ?
So are you officially a junior now ?
That makes sense . So where is Nicole ?
Really ? Why ?
Wow . She's so lucky . She doesn't have a degree and she already has a job .
Do you know how much they are paying her ?
Look at the dishes ! I have told you three times to put away these dishes . But now ...
I have told you that I don ’ t need them any more . The thing that really annoys me is that you played dumb with me .
Yes , I ’ m afraid I am . My husband is a smoker too .
No . But my husband smokes 20 or more a day .
I had my first cigarette when I was 17 .
Yes . Twice .
Just so-so . Where did you get it ?
I'd much rather buy expensive but good quality clothing , because it is not only nice but lasts a long time .
Don't brother me !
Sorry , Sally , it's not your fault .
I drew a blank on the algebra test .
Yeah , but nothing was clear during the test .
I'm thinking of dropping out .
I'm dead serious about this , Sally .
How was your day ?
Anybody I know ?
Of course . You didn't have to ask me .
Just don't stay out too late .
Yeah . The autumn is marvelous here .
That's a hard time . The air is cold and damp , and the road is often icy .
Sure .
Plenty . We never worry about lack of rainwater in our area .
That's right .
Not at all .
You're welcome at any time .
You're most welcome .
Call us as soon as you get home .
Sorry , I can't dance .
Is it difficult to learn ?
How should I do ?
All right . By the way , do you often dance ?
It seems a good way .
Come on , you think about what to wear almost every day . There are thousands of clothes in your wardrobe .
I have and I can prove that is 100 % true for you .
No kidding ! Again ? ! You just went shopping yesterday . You really are a shopaholic .
OK . Do you have the receipt with you ? I think they will ask you to show them the receipt first .
Isn't it time for dinner ?
How about Mac Donald's ?
I think most people treat animals well , but we are often cruel to animals . When we raise animals for food , the conditions they live in are often poor .
What would you do with all the animals ? You couldn ’ t just let them go . Besides , some people would still hunt them . Meat has become an integral part of our diet .
That ’ s true . I think zoo are a good idea , because they allow people to get close to animals . I think it ’ s good for kids to see wild animals .
I read that the number of animals being used in experiments is falling dramatically as new techniques are being introduced .
Sometimes you read about people who have been cruel to pets or other animals , but those stories are rare .
Yes , I have . They do an excellent job .
OK.Take care .
What a creep ! Phony good luck e-mails are one thing , but sexual harassment is crossing the line .
You could try using a spam filter to reject stuff that's obviously pornographic or anything else you don't want .
Yes , that is why I never drink it .
Very seldom , because tea has tannin which may be harmful to one's health .
What good is it for ?
That's true , but it must not be allowed to stand long .
Because if you drink a kind of tea which has been prepared for some time before , it will do you harm .
You flatter me .
Yes . That would be nice . When do you want to go ?
Sorry , I can't go today .
Ok . What time ?
I think that's too late .
Yes , that's good . Where would you like to go ?
Oh , I don't like that Restaurant . I don't want to go there .
OK , I like that place .
Oh , I've been fine , but I'm having some trouble with my son .
Oh , he's 14 and in the past few months , he's become quieter and a bit secretive . He locks himself in his room and I think he's running around with the wrong crowd .
Well , he's become friends with a couple of older boys who are in a band . And one night last weekend , he came home really late , way past his curfew .
He told me that his friend's car broke down and they had to walk home .
I haven't yet . I just keep hoping it's just a phase he's going through .
You're right . I should talk to him . Sometimes , it's not easy being a parent . Thanks . It helps to get it off my chest . You're always so easy to talk to .
Nothing special .
That's great . I would love to . And when ?
No problem . However , maybe I should come early to help you prepare the dinner .
All right , see you tonight .
Good idea ! I finish work at five . Why don ’ t we meet at six ?
Let ’ s meet in front of the train station .
Ok , see you tonight ! Don ’ t be late !
That would be great . Actually , can I get your phone number , Ella ? That's assuming you don't mind if I call you sometime .
Ok , got it . I will call you sometime next week .
It's time to go . Bye , Ella . Hope to see you soon
Fine . I miss you so much , uncle Benjamin .
It's been 3 years now .
How is aunty Shirley ?
How has May been ?
You were scared , too ? I dared not tell you my feeling when I heard that . I almost got fainted .
But Sarah says she does not care , so long as he loves her .
What ’ s it for ?
Oh , that ’ s a nice idea . Well , it ’ s fine if you take our picture .
Why , thank you . I wasn't sure if it looked okay or not . I can't believe all the words the salesgirl said .
I'm glad that you think so . I thought it might be a bit too revealing .
I got it on sale down at the department store .
I was just there a couple of days ago . You know , you should go down there too . They have a lot of stylish clothes on sale .
Anything you want . They have both casual and formal styles .
That's a good idea . Some of your ties are pretty outdated .
Anyways , are you going to the party tonight ?
I don't think so . It is a little too formal . I'm probably going to wear something more laid back .
I guess that you will really be dressing down .
Good point . I suppose that we all have our own individual styles .
I'm fine , thanks . And you ?
Oh , nothing much really . And how is everything with you ?
What have you been doing ?
Really ? Good luck for them .
They're both very well , thanks .
I'm going to do some shopping.Why don't you come with me ?
It's been nice talking to you .
OK , boy . I will buy it for you .
Can you imagine she's over forty ?
Absolutely . She's a teacher of aerobics .
Today is Tuesday , 25th September , 2001 .
What time is your appointment ?
What time is now ? Do you have the correct time ?
It must be about 6 o'clock .
You won't be late . It's still early .
Oh , hi Jeremy . No please , go ahead . So how are you , Jeremy ? I was talking to Linda about you only last week .
No , tell me more .
And .
That's great news , Jeremy . Congratulations ! Anyway , I must get back , but give my regards to your wife Monica .
I like almost all kinds of music . But I like country music best .
I wish I had been there !
You have good taste in music .
I am returning these books .
I accidentally ripped the cover .
How much do I need to pay ?
That ’ s not too expensive .
Here ’ s the $ 5.00 .
No problem . Have a good one .
Hi , Randy . What are you going to do this weekend ?
How about going hunting with me ?
Okay . I ’ ll pick you up around 6
Don't mention it . I lost a bunch of money on it this year . I think it is on the brink of bankruptcy .
I changed my strategy around too . I am investing in good companies now .
It's a good idea . But please be careful when you invest this time .
If you have any question , you can ask me .
All right . Let's chat next time . Bye-bye .
To New York .
Tomorrow morning .
Three days .
On Friday .
Oh , what ’ s he like ?
Yes .
Um , that ’ s good .
You can buy some of these nice butterflies .
What ? You feel sorry for the butterflies ?
Well , I agree with you . I'd rather think that the butterflies are flying around in the mountains . I just wonder if they really catch so many that it affects the butterfly population .
How much are they ?
If you want . Didn't you buy her a small vase already ?
Alright . Buy it then . I won't buy anything . Well , maybe I'll buy some Cognac .
Let's go ask about it .
Nothing much .
You got a raise ?
You got promoted ?
You won a lottery ? Don ’ t beat around the bush , just tell me , please .
What's the problem ?
Let me take a look . Maybe I can figure it out .
Yes , I ’ Ve been got all his albums and most of his films on DVD . I adore him . He ’ s my idol .
Some of his early films are hard to find nowadays , especially the ones where he only played a bit part .
Yes . These posters are new . I bought them last week and put them up on my bedroom walls yesterday .
I was , but then I discovered you can find out everything for free on the internet , so I ’ m not a member now .
Of course ! I bought two copies .
Bread .
Orange juice .
I think mutton is best .
I like champagne .
Banana of course .
I always have meals outside , because I ’ m not good at cooking .
Really ? I thought the exhibition showed that he had real talent . What did you think of it ?
I don ’ t think I ’ Ve ever read a good review of an exhibition by that critic . He doesn ’ t seem to like anything . Which kinds of paintings do you prefer ?
Yes , I do . I like painters who use will rather than watercolors . The colors appear richer . What do you think ?
Yes . Good artwork is very expensive nowadays . When I was in china , I bought some calligraphy by famous artists . You should come and see it sometime .
I know what the characters on the paintings mean . I think Chinese characters look very artistic . It ’ s said that the way they are written can give insight into the artist ’ s character .
Yes , of course . This is really a nice party with wonderful people and lovely wines .
Thank you for the invitation .
Yes , please . Thank you for everything .
I think there's too much violence and it did no good to my little boy .
It's really hard to avoid such bad influence anyway .
You're really sporty !
Do you have clubs ?
There are clubs for beginners . It's cheaper to buy those rather than rent them a few times .
Like the seven-piece set . It's only $ 120 .
Okay .
Well , in the first year of our marriage , we had great difficulties in getting along . The things that are important to me are not important to him . We had a lot of conflicts .
Now we have a two-year-old boy . We're very happy that he's healthy and smart .
Right now he speaks mostly English , and he can say a few Chinese words . But he will learn in the future .
Yes , people surely can . He's whiter than the Chinese kids , and his hair is a little blonde . My husband says his eyes are very Chinese though .
Well you know , claiming that your grandmother is sick is the classic excuse used to get out of doing something .
Is there anything I can do to help ? Just remember that I'm there for you if you want to talk about it .
You're welcome . I'd like you to join us for dinner again sometime .
Today ?
Don't mention it . I am pleased to help you .
I'll do that.Thank you.Have a safe trip home .
Yes , I do . I find it very informative.It always has plenty of articles from correspondents all over the world and the business section is very useful too .
Yes . There is . it has several sections , so it ’ s quite a read ! It usually takes me a few hours to read it on Sunday morning .
Let me see . There ’ s the news section , the entertainment section , sports , business , and world affairs .
World affairs ? They look at the most important stories in more detail . I find it fascinating . Do you buy a daily paper ?
Ha , I am flattered . Actually , when it comes to negotiate , you don ’ t need to like it . You just need to understand how it works .
Well , generally speaking , if you want to change someone ’ s mind or understand his position , you have to put yourself in his shoes . Understand his need and the cost for his need . And then you work together to find a solution .
Ok , as John after Kennedy put it , let us never negotiate out of fear , but let us never fear to negotiate .
I've said you will enjoy your life here !
Oh , I've forgotten to tell you . The party is held every other week . And every family gives their own performance each time .
That's good !
Oh , my God ! That's my husband , Benjamin .
He likes American Idol very much , and he always imitates the contestant at home . I can't believe he got on the stage himself .
OK , just ignore him . I've noticed there are lots of exercise facilities in our community . After dinner you can go there for a walk with your family !
Yes , there is one behind our building . And you can play tennis there . But if you want to play tennis there , they will change you 30 Yuan per hour .
You are welcome ! We are neighbors !
Yeah . You said it .
I ’ Ve done that . The doctor advised me to cut out smoking and drinking .
He's out of the hospital and up and about again at last .
There are three of them , the Three Tenors .
Yeah , it's really a unique experience . It's a solo concert by Pavarotti . He put on the performance in the Forbidden City in Beijing .
Besides , speaking of classical music , we should never forget about the New Year's Concert .
Sure . It's undoubtedly one of the biggest classical music events . Have you ever been to the live show ?
Wow , you are so lucky . I saw that one on TV . But it must be so different to be there in the concert hall .
Who was the conductor at that event ?
So cool . I wish I can go to the live New Year's Concert someday in the future .
I believe in that . Well , the performance is about to begin . Let's be quiet .
Are you looking for a space on or off campus ?
You can park in the student parking structure .
You'll find the parking structure on the west side of the campus .
Last time I checked , it was pretty empty .
That was earlier this morning .
I have no idea .
We need to talk about the size of the country and its population .
It says here that most of the people are han Chinese , but there are 55 minorities that make up almost 10 % of the population .
We could divide into five parts . There ’ s the northeast , which is mild in summer and very cold in winter . Then there is the northwest , which is largely desert . Tillet is famous for its mountainous climate . The rest of the country can be roughly divided into two parts . One is temperate-mild in winter and warm in summer . Then , in the south it is hot most of the year .
It is , buy remember that we only have a few minutes to make our presentation . We can select cities from each part and give data for each one .
Yes . The other large cities are Chengdu , Dalian , Wuhan , tianjin , shenyang , Chongqing . Hongkong and Guangzhou .
A really dreadful accident and many people were killed .
Yeah , well , I fill you in one the details later .
No . I don ’ t suppose he ’ s to blame . The man in the other car made a big mistake .
Yeah . I think everyone should go easy on driving .
No , who won ?
Really ? I'm surprised . I didn't know his English was that good .
I rather doubt it.You ' re cheated by his appearance , I think .
But Grandpa will be working .
I almost forget .
Really ? Are you sure ?
Yeah but , it is something that you will have forever ! They use indelible ink that can only be removed with laser treatment . On top of all that , I have heard it hurts a lot !
Of course ! They use this machine with a needle that pokes your skin and inserts the ink .
I think you should reconsider and do some more research about tattoos . Also , find out where the nearest tattoo parlor is and make sure they used sterilized needles , and that the place is hygienic .
really ? Where did you hear that ?
I'm not sure ... well , first , it couldn't be George . He is such a kiss-ass . He'd wash the boss's dog if he asked .
that's true . What about Lisa ? I bet there's nobody who could do a worse job than her .
well , okay . Then there is still Michael . But he's pet after having the best sales record for three months in a row . It definitely won't be Michael .
well , it could be me too . But I am not too worried . This place is suffocating me with this boss being such a hard-ass and colleagues who barely know how to get dressed in the morning . It would almost b
Yeah . I do it once a week .
Sure . I get a lot of information and make many friends .
Say it ! What is it ?
You know you shouldn't say that at a time like this .
Too sudden ! I'm not ready for it .
Stop it . No more of that talk .
No , I shall faint .
Yes .
No , I think Harry will get it .
OK , loser buys pizza tomorrow night .
Oh , it's nothing to speak of .
Thank you . I appreciate the compliment .
Oh , it's nothing to speak of .
Thank you . I appreciate the compliment .
You mean the one with the yellow bricks ? But last time I saw it , it wasn ’ t really in business yet . I saw some people inside furnishing the rooms . Is it open now ?
Great , I like the idea of trying some new food .
Also some traditional Chinese food , like noodles and dumpling are marketed in modern ways with improved food quality . I heard this year , the government has imposed very stringent inspection on the hygiene conditions restaurants and suppliers of food are also under tighter control .
I told you so .
Nothing much . What's new with you ?
Me too . Seems like all I do is eat and sleep .
Okay . Check you later .
They're discussing whether they should replace Miss Smith , the Music teacher .
Because she's not responsible enough .
My immediate family is quite small . It ’ s just my older step-brother , my mom , my step-dad and me . how about you ?
I didn ’ t know you were a twin ! Are you identical or fraternal ?
Interesting . It must be great having a twin sister . Are you best friends , too ?
I don ’ t know much about him . He died when I was just a baby . Even though I don ’ t have a blood relationship with my step-father and step-brother , I consider them to be my real family .
No , she also died when my step-brother was little . My mother and my step-father met each other shortly after my father died and became good friends . They ended up getting married a few years later .
Yeah . There's nobody in sight .
I think you're right . Let's go .
Really ? He is so great .
Surely I want . It's quite popular nowadays .
I'm going to Bill's house .
I'm going to help him .
He's fixing his roof .
Is there anything good playing ?
Really ? I want to go , too .
No problem .
I get a lump in my throat whenever I see a tragic movie .
But their love is touching !
I am not !
Yes . Table tennis is probably the most popular .
Most anyway .
Yes , I like . But I can't play it well .
Basketball and swimming are very popular .
We can play together if you are free .
You are pretending !
It's wrong because---it isn't true .
Well , no-that is , I've heard Linda say they do , but ... Thank you . But please don't speak to me again .
My country is well know for being very flat . There are some hills in the southeast of the country .
Pretty much . The land rises and falls only a few meters . The southeast , the hills rise to a height of a few hundred meters . There are mountains over 1000 meters high in your country .
The coast of your country is very varied . The coast of my country is just made up of sandy beaches .
There are many lakes and rivers in your country too . We also have many rivers , but only a few lakes .
Oh , we never speak Spanish in class ! Miss.Parker speaks to us only in English .
Not always.Sometimes we don't understand her.Then she has to repeat what she said .
Mario and I are the best students in the class.Miss.Parker says that my pronunciation is very good .
Sometimes it's difficult.Some words look different from the way one pronounces them .
Have fun .
What happened that you didn't get it done ?
Well , you had more than one day ; couldn't you have fit it in on another day ?
Either way , I only allow one missed assignment per semester . When will you be turning the make-up in ?
Fine , but it cannot happen again if you want an “ A ” in the class .
Remember that you are in college now , not high school .
Give me a little while longer .
There you go . How do you like it ?
You think it looks nice ?
Thanks . I'm glad that I did a good job .
Just give me $ 55 .
No problem , girl friend . I'll see you next time .
My dissertation . I put it somewhere last night and I can't find it now .
Yes , I kept on typing it until midnight , but it is lost .
Yes , but there is nothing inside the drawers or on the desk .
I've searched everywhere . Where on earth did I put it ?
I have been working on it for a whole month and it's too late to write another . Just think of all my hard work that goes for nothing . How could I do such a thing ?
Let me see . Yes , that's it . Where did you find it ?
My poor memory . Thank you very much .
I've been having a hard time sleeping lately .
well , I'm really worried about my grades . I didn't think this course would be so stressful .
you're probably right . I just wish it were that simple . How can I stop feeling so anxious all the time ?
I don't really have time to learn anything new . I need to spend my time studying !
you ’ re right . I usually end up starting at my computer or checking my email instead of doing my work for class .
that ’ s fantastic . I ’ m going to go try that out in my room now . good night !
What is it ?
It's huge !
The craftsmanship is excellent .
Thank you so much .
The balcony is still available .
No , I'm afraid that's it .
Yeah .
I have found myself a date mate .
A barrel of fun , of course . He often says that I'm a date bait .
Yes , thank you .
Thanks .
OK , OK , this is good . Keep talking . What about cappuccino and all those other drinks ?
Froth ?
Thanks , Hugh . I owe you one .
Don't believe him.He ' s a liar .
And we're going to have summer vacation .
I'll plan for the vacation .
Very good . That may be the most delicious food I have ever eaten .
I really appreciate you for having invited me .
Anyway , I owe you one . Are you free tonight ?
I want to invite you to enjoy the food I cook .
Is your waist any better ?
I ’ m glad you are getting better .
Then when will you be back again ?
I hope to see you at that time again . Bye .
Your dream comes true now .
You are really confident .
He looks strong.What does he do ?
He must be very brave .
As a matter of fact , he hasn't been feeling too well .
Tell him I hope he's better soon .
Yes , I am . I like to watch soccer games on TV , but I don ’ t play . I watched every game of the 2002 World Cup .
Italian . They played very well , but they were not very lucky .
I can't sleep ...
Exactly . I'm too excited for Christmas morning . Also , I thought I heard Santa .
Well , I heard that naughty boys and girls get coal in their stockings , so I thought I'd be nice and make Santa cookies . I even left out some milk . I heard someone in the kitchen eating the cookies , so I came downstairs !
Really ?
O-K ...
I ’ m fine , Celia . And you ?
Do you have a lot of homework ?
Of course I do !
I ’ m studying for my chemistry exam tomorrow .
Yes . Are you ?
Do you want to study together ?
Do you want to go to and empty classroom ?
Ok . Let ’ s go !
Yes . Should we go there by bus so we aren't late ?
That's true . Cycling is good for our environment , too . Let me just get my helmet then .
Not really , but I liked the design , so I got it .
I'll think about it .
Yes , my father gave it to me for my birthday . Do you like it ?
Nothing but the best from my dad . I like everything about it except for the brakes . They are a bit sticky .
Well , my saddle is too low for me . Do you know how to change the height ?
Is that why my knees have felt sore after every time I've ridden my bike ?
But you just got here . Can ’ t you stay a little longer and have some tea ?
That ’ s too bad .
Thanks for coming .
Great idea . I ’ m looking forward to it . See you then .
Good night then .
Don't you want to go to the visiting hours ? This sheet says they are tonight .
... and maybe that's what we both need .
OK , but don't forget I'm here for you , and I know how you feel . It's my loss , too .
What makes you say that ?
But everything has been so easy .
Yeah , you never look at the positive side of things .
But I don ’ t have a pen with me . May I use a pencil ?
you said it . Good beer , good music , and on top of that , there are so many hot girls here !
well , she's alright , but not really my cup of tea . What about the blond with the red dress ?
yeah ! She could do anything she wants to me !
I don't think so . I get so nervous talking to girls . I always put my foot in my mouth , scare her off , and end up looking like a real fool . Besides , she is way out of my league .
okay okay , just let me have another cup of beers to get my head in the game .
why ?
okay , here I go !
Not really . I could take it or leave it .
How can you do that ?
Why are you so pessimistic ?
Only for this reason ?
Don't worry about it . Practice makes perfect . I will lend you some listening materials , so that you can practise more before the exam . I believe you can pass the exam with good preparation .
Hello . Thank you for seeing me off . You actually don't need to bother .
Thanks a lot . I hope to see you again .
Thanks again for everything you have done for me .
He was really influenced by the way they do things on the west coast . I guess the working atmosphere is a lot more relaxed and casual in California . It comes from the information technology industry .. there isn't such a large division between home and office , so people want to work in the clothes they feel more relaxed in .
It's not as bad as that ... We are allowed to wear more casual jackets and trousers . Besides , didn't you hear what Brian found on his desk this morning ?
Management decided to give him four brand new white shirts . That's their way of telling him that his new style of dressing down is not quite acceptable .
What for ?
Why , you look pretty all right .
Why ? What's wrong ?
I guess you'll have to wing it .
yes , I did . I won a prize for best local history book at the annual book awards .
actually , I was happy just to get the book published . Winning the prize was an added bonus .
I won $ 200 to spend on any books of my choice .
I shared a prize with some friends last week . We won a bottle of whisky at a pub quiz .
To tell you the truth , it's the most tedious course i have ever had .
It is still a mystery to me .
Why ?
Oh , yes ! I completely forgot about it .
No , but now he'll be in trouble . What's a boyfriend for ? To forget about Valentine's Day ?
You know , it's OK for a girl to forget these " big days " , but for a guy , to do that is unforgivable .
Oh , it's Jack . Excuse me .
He asked me out to a dinner tonight . How about joining us ?
So what ?
That ’ s a matter of opinion .
I worked with him for two years . That was the worst time in my career .
Hey ! I learn a lot from the psychologists who give advice in those columns !
Whatever ... Smell ! Perfume samples !
You mean , you like the pictures of the beautiful models ... Hello ?
We have two cleaning ladies . But both of them have received little education .
But I actually dislike another lady . She is more capable and seems to have ideas of her own . But the trouble is she Isa backseat driver with some of us . She would tell you what to do and where to put things .
Yes . He carries a lot of weight . Everyone here is willing to follow his orders .
It's Gone With the Wind .
I enjoy the various characters and the plot .
Is it very interesting ?
If I have a chance , I'll enjoy the book .
That's a good idea.Let ' s go !
Thank you , Rick . We ’ Ve got a very exciting encounter ahead of us today as two powerhouse teams , Brazil and China , face off against each other and try to qualify for the next round . Without a doubt , both teams are in top shape and this will prove to be a competitive match .
Xu spikes it ! Wow , what a great hit ! The Brazilian blockers anticipated the play and tried to block him but he managed to get the ball in !
Brazil calls for a time out and we ’ ll be right back , after a short commercial break .
I am going to attend an interview .
My major is English . Of course I'll apply for an English teacher .
Why ? You said my skirt was beautiful just now .
Then what should I do ?
He's out of John's hands . Nothing he can do about such a black sheep .
I ’ m looking forward to seeing Westminster abbey , where many historical figures are buried , like Isaac Newton , the great mathematician and Winston Churchill , the great wartime leader .
Women have often played an important role in British history . Queen Elizabeth I built a navy strong enough to fight off the Spanish armada in 1588 . more recently , Margaret thatcher transformed british society in the 1980 ’ s .
There ’ s a lot to see there . Perhaps we should go tomorrow .
I ’ Ve seen them before . They ’ re quite incredible . If you want to see historical figures in London , there ’ s one place you have to go .
There you can see british leaders , entertainers , criminals , and royalty .
let's take the bus .
it's not that bad . You probably just had a bad experience once .
we could take the subway , but we'd have to go three stops along one line and then change trains twice .
if we don't hurry up , we'll miss the show . Should we take the bus ?
I don't think we'll be able to find a taxi very easily during hush hours . Let's just take the bus .
it looks like it should be here in just a few minutes .
thanks , that was nice of you .
It's the mailman , Mother . Here's a letter from Uncle George .
When's he coming ?
Let me look at the calendar . Good ! The twenty-fourth is a Saturday . Is he coming alone ?
Mother , I don't remember the girls . How old are they ?
Are they going to stay here with us ?
Mother , may we have a party ?
Prepare the list , Mother . I can go shopping . I can go to the small stores.Everyone knows me there .
Oh , I am terribly sorry . But I was so captivated with the singer at the subway exit . So I forgot the time .
Oh , no , the guy was a musician who just sang . He played the guitar and sang so many cool pop songs . Many people were drawn to his music and there was no hat on the floor . He sang for appreciation , but not for money .
Oh , no , it was a kind of pop art . I like it but I couldn't do it that well .
No , but tell me some . I am interested .
Are there many people there ? Do you think people actually like them ?
But I still prefer the pop music in the subway .
Dad , you talk well , but can you appreciate that kind of art ?
Indeed . I love the smell of the grass and trees . They certainly refresh my mind .
Sure . Did you hear anything ? Look ! An eagle is hovering in the sky .
Yes . Will it hurt us ?
OK . I have a good pair of hiking boots . It should not be a big problem .
You are kind . Look there is a big tree over there , it looks like a thousand-year-old tree .
How do you know ?
Sure , honey , we ’ re talking now , aren ’ t we ?
Yeah . I know .
You know , I think you ’ re awesome .
Honey ...
Baby , I love you so much .
I love you . And I think you ’ re awesome .
Come on . Put the gun down .
Sure , but I have to tell you that I've become a vegetarian . I don't eat any kind of meat .
I saw a program a few months ago about how animals are raised for human consumption . I haven't been able to eat a single piece of meat since .
Definitely . I've also been buying organic fruit and vegetables , which is more expensive , but much better for you because they don't have any pesticides on them .
I guess you could say that . Eating fruit and vegetables helps keep you healthy . I've lost 5 pounds and I feel great !
Well , I eat a lot more tofu , beans , nuts and some fish .
I prefer cooked fish to raw fish , but if you really like it , make it .
That sounds great . What time should I come over ?
Sounds good . See you there !
He ’ s 21 . how old is James ?
How ’ s your father ?
He can spend more time with his grandchildren .
So , he wants to have a more active retirement . Good idea !
In the same way , probably .
No . Please sit down .
Are you also going to Beijing ?
I'm taking a vacation to visit a friend there . Have you ever been there before ?
Really ? What did you think ?
Was it that crowded ?
Oh , maybe I can take the bus or even rent a car .
Thank you very much !
Really ? Me , too . What's your favorite flavor ?
Chocolate is mine .
Sounds not bad ! You know , the only thing I worried about is the safety . I ’ m not an active exerciser and my muscle may be not strong enough for such an intense sport .
I will think about it .
Of course . It's the tradition game in winter , and with good reason . Don't you like watching it ?
That's true . For various reasons , it takes more to hold a fierce game for Winter Olympics than it does for Summer Olympics . You know , the low temperature may cause many problems .
When the Olympic Games started in modern times , only summer events were included . When it grew popular , there came the Winter Olympic Games , which includes a variety of winter sports .
Figure skating . In my eye , nothing beats it .
Oh , I didn't expect you to know them . But yes , I love them not only because of many medals they've won , but also because of their spirits .
Sure . What about you ? What do you like about the Olympics ?
Hey , young man , you are so deep today .
So the reform cannot be carried out well .
Easier said than done .
No . It's all Greek to me .
I know that . I mean I couldn't understand her at all .
I wish you the best of luck .
Fine , thanks .
I have some problem with my work .
I can solve it , thanks .
Everything is Okay . And as soon as I see my son at home , all my worries vanish into the blue .
Ah , that's a good idea . But I heard the film club of our school would show a film for free . Maybe we don't need to go to the cinema .
I'd like to , but I'm afraid I can't .
That's not the reason . I have to go to the English Corner tomorrow evening . You know , I've been going there every week .
You said you wanted to improve your English , so how about coming with me tomorrow ? I can also introduce some friends to you .
They are not geeks . They are also interested in singing , dancing , and so on . They are excellent , and they can always help me a lot .
It depends . If they are not busy , they will come to join us , and talk with us .
Of course not . The foreign teachers also teach us English songs , and play games with us .
You won't be disappointed .
Yes . After so many years of hard work , I ’ d rather I had an office of my own .
I ’ ll be very glad if you would help .
Thank you . I wish I would .
Yes , do you like it ?
Yt looks good on the outside , but the inside is a different story . It needs a lot of servicing before it can go out on the roads again .
Well , first of all , it needs a new engine , which is extremely expensive .
It must have been a few years ago now .
They do . Once my son was born , there was no reason to drive this car anymore . It's only a two-seater , you know !
The heating controls don't work anymore , so it always feels like it's about 100 degrees in the car — even in the summer !
The brakes don't really work that well anymore either .
It costs more than you think to run a car---especially when there are so many things wrong with it !
No , I can't . I'm sorry . I have to help my mother . We're going to move tomorrow .
No , it's not far . It's near our old house .
Sure . Thanks .
Why ? Is there some new , cool computer out on the market ?
That's a notebook ?
It looks more like a toy , or a cool briefcase !
I suppose I do .
You said it .
It sure is .
Well , if you live in other cities as long as enough , you will love them just as much .
That's for sure .
Oh , hello , Mr . Campbell . I'm fine and Jack's doing well . How are you ?
Yes , I'm leaving at four pm .
Yes , me too .
What do you mean ?
Don't tell me you actually believe all that ? Don't be so gullible , they are just urban legends . They are just stories people make up to scare you .
You really think an artist or song writer is going to go through the trouble of putting subliminal or satanic messages in a song ? Don't be so naive !
Sounds a bit too far fetched to be true , don't you think ?
I am very pleased to meet you .
That sounds an interesting job , Bob .
What are you so excited about ?
What ’ s the big deal ? It ’ s just a picture of some woman .
There are tons of other paintings that I think are better .
No , how much is it worth ?
Whoa .
A man stepped on my feet when I was waiting for the taxi .
On 20th May 1963 .
27th day of the fourth month .
It will begin at 5 thirty .
You can see it tomorrow .
See you .
Yeah . I was so happy , because my favorite singer , Ricky Martin won ' Best Latin Pop Performance ' .
He is really great . He has sold millions of records worldwide . He is especially known for his rocking performance at the football World Cup song-the Cup of World .
That's right . His voice ranges from the smooth sound of ballads to the highpowered rhythms of the Spanish Caribbean where he grew up . He has fan clubs across the world , from America to Russia , from England to Taiwan , from Norway to Australia .
How come ?
He's such a mother hen .
You too . Have you lost some weight ?
Not some crazy diet fat I hope .
Good for you , keep it up .
How did they hear ? No one called .
His mom and dad must be destroyed . He was their only son .
Yes ... thank you for understanding . We have to go now .
Uh , I can see a red double decker bus . It's the kind of bus you'll see very often in London . In fact I know this bus is from London because I can see the names , Chelsea , Sloan Square , Victoria , Herring Cross . These are all areas in London . Um , so obviously the bus is in London .
Yeah , yeah , yeah . many times . Many times . When I was younger , you used to get double-decker all over England but now you only tend to see them in the big cities .
Well , it depends on the journey . It's .. I guess it's not too expensive , but the minimum price you would pay is , for a short journey , is about a pound .
Hmm , yeah , well this girl here at the back , that's leaning on the door , um , she looks really bored , actually . Maybe she is going to work or something and she doesn't want to go !
Uh , well , no , not really , because I haven't worked in England for a long time , so I haven't taken a bus for a long time .
Um , yes , sometimes . Sometimes .
Don ’ t worry , you did a good job and it should be fine .
That ’ s the way to go .
It ’ s great .
May I renew them if I haven't finished reading them ?
I didn't sleep a wink last night .
Well , I'm under a lot of pressure . My boss is very pushy . He assigned me two projects . Now the deadlines are near and I still haven't finish one of them .
Well , I guess no one can help me but myself . For the moment , I just need someone to talk to so that I can relieve my stress .
The Spur .
They managed a 99:80 victory .
Cheer up ! It's not the only chance in life to do well on a test . There'll be many more .
Don't worry about it . All in all , you've done very well in school .
She is going to get married .
I don ’ t know .
But he has the sex scandal .
I agree . He is also an excellent speaker .
yeah , it ’ s fair to say so .
I've had enough of it while working under the sun in the day . I don't need any more sun-tan .
It might be good to you . But please keep in mind that too much tanning damages the skin rather than does any good to you . You might end up with skin cancer .
Why not ?
Do we have enough time ?
The performance is excellent .
I couldn't agree more .
Yes , it is .
Yes , but it's much smaller .
OK .
Yeah , clearly blue sky.But it is a bit too hot for me . I don't like heat and humidity .
That's a thought . It's still early , and the beach isn't crowded at this time of the day . If we don't stay too long , we won't get sunburned .
There won't be anyone there to appreciate how cute you are .
If you are going to husband hunting in a bikini , then I want to wear one , too .
Thanks , how about the green and black one ?
Yes , isn't it .
It's beautiful 75 degrees .
Not a good plan . The TV weather forecast says the hurricane is coming this weekend , and the temperature will also drop to 66 degrees .
I never make any definite weekend plan until Friday morning . Then after listening to the weather temperature , I make my plans .
yes . Should we go there by bus so we aren't late ?
that's true . Cycling is good for our environment , too . Let me just get my helmet then .
not really , but I liked the design , so I got it .
I'll think about it .
yes , my father gave it to me for my birthday . Do you like it ?
nothing but the best from my dad . I like everything about it except for the brakes . They are a bit sticky .
well , my saddle is too low for me . Do you know how to change the height ?
is that why my knees have felt sore after every time I've ridden my bike ?
Yes , here you go .
Yes , I ’ d like to check three pieces .
What ? Why ! I am taking an intercontinental flight ! I ’ m flying sixteen thousand CMS ! How am I supposed to only take two , twenty kilo bags ? That ’ s absurd !
Now I see . You charge next to nothing for an international ticket , but when it comes to charging for any other small thing , you charge an arm and a leg ! So tell me , miss , how much will I have to pay for all of this .
That ’ s more than my round-trip ticket !
I'd like that very much .
Fine . See you later .
Fine .
Oh , I have been with my uncle for a week .
He is an accountant . I have been helping him for a week .
Yeah . How are you these days ?
Rock ' n'Roll , I guess .
Not really . That ’ s pretty heavy metal .
But yesterday you said you would rent it .
Why is that ?
Maybe you ’ re right .
Fine , thank you.How are you doing this morning ?
Yes . I've been to New York . I got back only yesterday .
Very much.New York is such a nice place.Shall I show you some photographs ?
You too . I hope to see you soon.Goodbye .
Am I ready for what ?
Oh . Yes , I ’ m ready to transfer .
I ’ m very nervous .
I ’ m not going to know anybody there .
That makes me nervous .
I didn ’ t think about it that way .
Yes . We went for a walk in the woods near the highway .
Yes . It was very cold and windy . We wore heavy wool sweaters and walked quickly to keep warm .
Yes . Farther away from the highway it was very quiet and there were birds and squirrels everywhere . We counted over twenty squirrels .
Yes , we bought veal sandwiches . We stopped around twelve , and we ate and watched the squirrels , but it was too windy to sit long . It was a very nice walk , anyway .
Yeah , it is ! Why is it so expensive ?
I don ’ t think it ’ s worth that money .
Business couldn't be better .
Welcome . I could use the help .
It doesn't matter . I just feel a little dizzy .
I don't know .
Oh , through a lot of hard work , of course .
Surely it was , especially when you only knew few people and little English .
Right . I only knew a few English sentences .
First , I worked as a servant .
I'd like to , but I must run to a meeting .
We've been able to survey and track some of the information of our website users through some cookie technology , and it's surprising to see the results .
From the numbers , it seems nearly half of the visitors who stumble onto our page pick up the link not from network browsers or search engines , but from our circular insert . That means our consumers are purposefully and actively seeking information about our products and services through the web format . Based on these findings , I am completely convinced the internet is the marketing power of the future !
Well , these mediums are still important ... they aren't a thing of the past ... But I think they might be less important now than in the past . The technology age has arrived !
Her acting is OK .
I'm afraid I know less than you do.Tell me more about her , will you ?
Sure , no problem . What are you trying to get ?
OK . This machine needs you to use that change machine first to get correct change .
First you put your money in the dollar slot or the coin slot . The dollars have to be smooth .
Just know that sometimes the money doesn't go in perfectly the first time and you have to try again .
Choose what you want and push the button . Sometimes it takes a couple of tries .
Hope that works for you !
Oh , my god , are you OK ?
Come on , sit down , and let me have a look .
I told you to wear running shoes . But you don't listen .
Hold on , don't move , I will take care of that .
I will get some ice , and put it on your ankle.How does that feel ?
Be brave . Don't worry . You will be able to walk soon .
Nine total . Seven children and my parents .
Well , my mother came from a big family , and wanted to have one of her own . My father was an only child , and didn't really care about having a large family , but my mother talked him into it .
It can be hard , and there are certain sacrifices you have to make .
That's one . Another is the lack of personal property . Everything you have , from toys to clothes , is used by your brothers and sisters . Especially clothes . Three quarters of my wardrobe are hand-me-downs .
Same problem here . There's an 18 - year gap between the oldest and youngest child in my family . The last child was born just as the oldest was going to college .
They do , but it doesn't help too much . Having seven children means that the money situation in my home is always pretty tight .
Yes , dad , it was .
It was long , too .
But it went by fast . It was interesting .
I'll give you a speech like that , too .
Of course .
You have lots of friends . They will be there , too !
Hi , Randy . What are you doing right now ?
I ’ Ve got two tickets for a newly released film . Would you like to see it with me ?
The film will start at 2
In my parking lot , at 2pm .
Not too good actually , people are not spending as much as before !
Lots of reasons I guess , unemployment is pretty high these days .
Yes . She believes everything about him .
Yes . If she doesn't believe it , Christmas won't be so exciting to her .
I'm not going to tell her . She will find out and understand when she grows older .
Nervous ? Why ?
Don't worry . You don't have to do anything.All you have to do is listen . You will enjoy it .
Listen , Ryan.Catholics welcome people who aren't Catholics to visit the church.You don't have to pretend to be Catholic . It's okay if you just come to listen .
Yes . We are kind and welcoming people.It is not a secret society or something like that .
Yes , but you don't even have to sing . If you want to sing along , you can .
There is a songbook . All the words are in the songbook.Many people have to read the words .
No . That is something only true Catholics do.So if you come to the church as a visitor , you only listen to the service.But you shouldn't go up to the altar for the bread and wine.Only after someone joins the church , then they go up for the Eucharist .
That is the special word for the ritual of the bread and wine.The Catholics call it the Eucharist .
It's not . It's an ancient Greek word . It means gratitude .
Of course you are . I wouldn't ask you otherwise .
They were not too bad . I really liked my poli-sci class .
I don't know if I would call it my favorite , but it ranks up there .
I took a business communication class last year and it was terrific .
It ’ s an article about language . It talks about the idea of having a single global language .
Actually , it suggest English . The main argument is that English is already being studied as a second language in most countries-china , India , mexico , Nigeria , Pakistan , and japan . So beginning again with a language like Esperanto would be wasteful . The second argument is that English is used in modern technology far more that any other language . Most emails are sent in English and the vast majority of website use English .
The article points out that many languages have been lost and will be lost , but others will continue to be used for generation , even if English continues to be the dominant language .
Exactly . The article suggests that those languages will be used , but that they will only rarely be used in international communication between non-native speakers .
Yes .
It is really a hard nut to crack . The problem is that the crime was done without leaving any trace .
How about taking a walk in the park ?
Oh , it's so quiet here.We have the park to ourselves , only you and me !
Oh , I see them.Some are doing Taijiquan , some are performing swordplay , some are practising the Chinese Wushu .
Thanks , I'm enough .
I'll have it if you insist .
Yes , it looks interesting .
It must be old .
Let's enter it !
It must be locked .
She can't answer you .
It must be a haunted house.Are you frightened ?
Hi , Ms . Seymour ? It ’ s Allan Parker . I ’ Ve been waiting to call you and thank you for all your help last week .
Well , I want to let your boss know that she ’ d better hold on to you ! You ’ re a hard worker !
It's very hot , the temperature is often over 40 ° C .
Not really.But I like it in spring and fall . I don't like it in winter .
The winter is very rainy , I don't like the rainy day .
I lived there for three years . I like summer but I don't like winter .
Yes , it is.But it's nice in spring and fall .
Yes , I didn ’ t finish work until 9:00 pm .
Yes , I have too much work to do at the moment .
Because too many people in the office are on holiday .
Oh , thanks a lot .
1:30 P . m . But I've got to check in at 12:30 P . m .
Pan American Airlines . Flight 282 .
Ok . See you tomorrow .
You mean he had been put in prison before .
Oh , he had fooled me .
Yes .
Hi . My name is Jessica .
Pleased to meet you too . And where are you from , Robin ?
I'm from New York . Oh , this is my stop . Bye , Robin .
You haven't ? If you've never tried it I can show you how .
Downloading music is really fast and convenient , and you can preview all the songs before you buy them .
Good , thanks . How about you ?
In No . 4 Dorm . I like dorm life . You will meet a lot of people and you don't have to cook . What about you ?
I hope you will find a place . Listen , I'd better go . I am going to be late for class .
Take care .
I think so too . It's just pointless .
I don't know.Maybe they are really crazy .
Yes , I found a better house near my office . I ’ m very satisfied with it . But I ’ m worrying .
I ’ m worrying about how to move all of my household stuff . You know , I have a lot of stuff .
How much dose that cost ?
I think it ’ s a little expensive .
That ’ s right .
Wonderful .
Okay , thanks a lot . You did me a great favor just now .
Yeah , I come here every now and then .
What kind of girl is she ?
Is her fiance Taiwanese ?
How old is he ?
Fine , thank you .
Very well , thank you . I'm meeting my wife and daughter for lunch at twelve.Would you care to join us ?
Do you think so ? I don ’ t like girls who look like that . I like girls who aren ’ t too slim . If you like her , go and talk to her .
He ’ s huge ! He must go to the gym to have a well-built body like that .
I don ’ t mind , but I like girls with long hair .
Have you ever dated a girl taller than you ?
Yes , I have . Perhaps I should go to the gym , like that girl ’ s boyfriend .
Pretty bad . I ’ Ve had a bad cold for three days and still can ’ t get rid of it .
No , thanks .
Thank you for your concern .
Sure . I've got a copy here . It's due for renewal at the end of next month . We've still got time to look for another supplier if you're not happy .
Well , Mary types faster than Jones . But I think Jones types more carefully .
Jones can certainly take down letter more quickly , but Mary ’ s short hand is the best in her class .
Both of them speak excellent French . But I think Mary speaks German more fluently than Jones does .
Thank you for coming . We will have dinner outside . Eat up !
No , nobody .
Well , to be frank , yes , I do .
Actually it is . Perhaps you haven ’ t noticed the sign .
There , on the window .
That ’ s all right .
You can trust him . He always tells the truth .
I said you can trust him . You just have to believe it .
I feel the same way .
It sure is.He has no one to turn to , very miserable indeed .
Uh , yes .
Yes . I commute five days a week by train .
It ’ s really very good .
Well , trains are frequent and come on time .
I usually take the five thirty home .
No , I usually have to stand .
Yes , it ’ s reasonably fast but it certainly isn ’ t cheap . Fares have gone up 25 present .
Well , there's this clock I was ... MY vintage clock ! How do you have my clock ? ?
Sixty-five ? What the ... ? How did you bargain him down , Wei ? You've never even been to a flea market before !
Never underestimate a woman when it comes to bargaining !
Yes . I have been here for three years .
Well . I ’ m rather disappointed with it .
It ’ s too old . And it isn ’ t as specious as I expected .
I ’ ll just have to put up with it .
I'd rather you didn't .
Oh , to be frank , I think it's sheer waste of time to watch it .
But I don't think much of it .
Yes . I'd like to swap some of my peanuts for your chips .
Do you have any ketchup ?
No , he isn ’ t .
He is afraid of his father-in-law .
Do you mean lying to people for their good ?
It's hard to say . I mean , how can you judge what's good for them ? Maybe it is best to tell them the truth no matter what it is .
I know . If you're sure the truth will do harm , maybe you can choose not to tell it .
Come on in . Would you care for a drink ?
Surely not . Life in the university is fun . Why did you ask ?
Studying in the university is not easy , but it's not as arduous as you think .
Of course I know . I once attended Lisa's class , sitting quietly at the back of the classroom .
Of course not . You are allowed to attend any lecture , only if there are empty seats for you and you don't disturb the class . In universities , you study in a free and creative environment .
This question has really been bothering me . I like Chinese literature , you know . But economics is really hot now , and it has a very good career prospect .
Though I like Chinese literature very much , I'm also interested in economics . It's a tough choice to make .
Right . I have lots of time to think carefully before I make my final decision .
Kobe Bryant , of course .
He is competent both in driving the lane and shooting jumpers , but what really makes him formidable is his ability to switch up and dribble with his left hand .
Indeed , no man can be perfect . He is just so-so in crashing the boards . Usually he plays shooting guard . Rebounding might not be his strong suit .
Who wouldn't ! My friend Lee went so far as to get an autograph from him .
Well , nothing more than a jumble of photographs .
I would like to find this book .
I don ’ t think you guys have it .
I did that .
It should be on the shelf , but I didn ’ t see it .
I didn ’ t know you could do that .
I appreciate your help .
It was just a misunderstanding .
That's a great relief . I was worried about him .
His parents must feel very happy .
This is just what I have in mind.Where are you planning to go ?
Good idea !
Yes , I did .
I don't think much of the film .
Oh , I'm not sure I agree with you . It was not a good one , but it was not the worst one . Actually , it wasn't too bad .
What's more , some scenes were good , much fit for the children .
Don ’ t mention it . It ’ s my pleasure . Have you been to one of these large , sit-down dinner parties since you got to New Haven ?
Cookouts often start slowly . A two o ’ clock start means you arrive any time after two .
I was late getting back from the mall , but I ’ m hurrying .
Don ’ t worry . We won ’ t be the first .
I doubt if I can pass it .
But I often skip his classes , and he doesn't like me .
I must , if I want to pass the course .
Why ?
Don ’ t make a mountain out of molehill . I am sure he will do that on his payday .
Yeah . He ’ s almost become a slave , his wife is leading him by the nose .
Oh , sorry , I can't . I'm going to work late tonight . I have to finish this report .
No , I'm not . What are you planning to do ?
Sure , I'd love to ! But let me pay for the tickets this time . It's my turn .
Again ?
Your clock never works . Perhaps you should buy a new one .
Maybe by then it will be too late .
By that time , you will be fired .
I go occasionally when there's a game on near home , but usually I watch it on TV .
Sometimes . But I'll never forget the game in which our Chinese Women's Volleyball Team won the World Cup . It is the most thrilling and exciting game I have ever seen .
The work is rather hard , but it's interesting .
I work in a publishing house . How about you ?
What do you do then ?
I can ’ t find the book I want .
I checked it already .
It wasn ’ t there .
Will you be getting another copy ?
Could you reserve a copy for me ?
That ’ s great . Thanks a lot .
Yes , I would be happy to help . What do you want to buy ?
OK . So this machine will make change if you need it . Do you have your dollars ready ?
Next , you feed your dollars into the machine in the slot . Make sure they are smooth .
I'm sure you know that if the dollar gets stuck , you might have to re-feed it .
Now you just make your selection and pray . If nothing comes out , try again or call the number on the side of the machine .
Well , good luck !
My husband and I got married in a registry office with just two friends there as witnesses . But then we had three parties to celebrate .
Well , since my husband and I are from two different countries , and we live in a third country , we decided to have one in each country . It wasn't actually that expensive .
I would have liked them to be there , but they couldn ’ t afford to fly out to see us , and we couldn't afford to fly out to see them , so they understood .
My husband's parents flew out to meet my family when we got married in my hometown , so that was great . Some people spend ridiculous amounts of money on extravagant wedding receptions , but we agreed that the wedding party should be less about money and more about family .
We waited until our one-year anniversary to go on our honeymoon to Africa .
Not at all , but we don ’ t have a very traditional marriage either , so it suited us perfectly !
Why would that be funny ?
Why ?
I don ’ t agree , but anyways , I think you should start thinking of a new year ’ s resolution yourself .
Well then maybe you should resolve to sticking to your goals and objectives .
Well , I would go if you kept your promise of going to the gym with me everyday !
I traveled the Three Gorges .
Yes , we had a good time . The trip was terrific . We toured the Three Gorges by boat . Its realty exciting !
Yes . There are many places where the gorge is very narrow , with steep cliffs on both sides .
Yes , but we have life jackets . And we got a real kick out of that .
He's a sad dog . He came to the wedding in jeans !
Well , you can just see the sea . Between the factory chimneys .
Well , it can't be helped . We'll just have to put up with it .
Not bad . Thank you . You look great today . And how is your husband ?
Well , I'm glad to hear that . Please give my regards to him .
Not too well ! I ’ m just to the doctor . I haven ’ t been feeling too well over the last few days .
That ’ s the funny thing . I don ’ t what ’ s wrong with me . I just feel exhausted .
Maybe . I haven ’ t been able to keep my food down either . That ’ s unusual .
Yes , he is . I ’ Ve make an appointment for 10 o ’ clock , so I ’ d better move along .
Yes . The German engineer would never dreamed that the hand - supported scooter he invented several years ago to solve his traffic problems would become so fashionable in the Occident within a few years and even spread to Japan and China .
Small and exquisite in size , easy to operate , foldable and easy to carry are its charms .
I don ’ t know .
Oh , I see .
It ’ s Saturday , a great weekend .
Don ’ t be angry with me . I have a bad memory .
What day is it on earth ?
I don ’ t know .
Oh , I see .
It ’ s Saturday , a great weekend .
Don ’ t be angry with me . I have a bad memory .
What day is it on earth ?
It ’ s nice to go home earlier once in a while . But it ’ s the evening rush .
Sure it is . I really hate to get caught in a traffic jam .
We had a fantastic time .
No , but we went to the Kennedy Center .
Fine , they are colorful and tasty .
Yes , I did . I have never tasted anything like this .
No , thanks . I'm full .
No , thanks . I'm on diet .
Ice cream , please .
It was a foreign film called ' Gone with the wind ' .
How did you like the movie ?
I can't say I agree .
I guess I expected too much from the movie , so I was a bit disappointed .
What are you talking about ? Where is your Halloween spirit ? Didn ’ t you ever dress up in a costume and go around the neighborhood trick-or-treating with your friends ?
Whatever , I ’ m going next door I heard Mrs . Robinson is giving out big bags of M & Ms !
That's good , but I think it's too late . She hasn't studied all semester , and I doubt she can catch up in one week .
Hi . My name is Dolma .
Good to meet you too .
I was born in Beijing in 1965 .
Really ? Thank you .
Can ’ t be better , it was wonderful . We had a lot of fun there . There was so much joy and walk and breathe the winter air . We arrived at the park at 9 o ’ clock in the morning and didn ’ t leave till 3 o ’ clock in the afternoon .
Of course not ! We built a snowman , some snow dogs and one big snow fort . We went sliding on the nice hill . It was a real work out . At noon , we had the most special winter picnic outside . Fortunately , we got it all on a video tape . You must come with us next time . I bet you will love it .
I used to be an atheist . But in recent months , I couldn't but form a more favorable opinion of horoscope .
Not exactly , except that I find horoscope predictions increasingly accurate . I came upon a website which sends me an up-dated message by e-mail each day forecasting my experience in detail . It is amazing to find these forecasts largely in line with my daily life .
For example , the message for the day before yesterday notified me that I , as a Leo guy , was to have some " unusual experience in food and drink . And as it turned out , the reality matched this prediction well . Lasi night , I was treated to a dinner party by Mr . Lee .
Oh , no . You can never tell whether such-and-such is science or sheer fraud.If horoscope is really something deceptive , how come quite a size of proportion of young people think highly of it .
Yeah . Sometimes I just cannot accept his behavior .
OK , it ’ s better to be far away from him .
Yeah.The autumn is marvelous here .
That's a hard time.The air is cold and damp , and the road is often icy .
Sure .
Plenty.We never worry about lack of rainwater in our area .
That's right .
I ’ m not crazy about it at all .
I ’ m not interested in it . Are you keen on it ?
I hate it .
It ’ s the worst thing I ’ Ve ever tried .
Yup . I have English at 9 in the morning .
Not really . What about you ?
Sure . I need to return some books . They are due today . Besides , I can also read some weekly publications , magazines and newspapers .
That sounds like a good idea . We can chill out a little in such a hot summer . Are you good at swimming ?
Oh , it's almost 9 . I need to hurry . I am running late now . See you after class in front of the library then . Bye !
No , don't try to tempt me . I'm becoming chubby , and I have to slender down .
I don't think so . I know I've put on weight this winter .
Yes , to tell you the truth . I am on the diet .
No . Why ?
No way !
She's my roommate , not my date . The D-man , as in dork .
Alrighty then . Didn't you use to date Sheryl ?
Oh ? I heard she dumped you . Anyway , she's right over there . Oh , Sheryl !
I wish it could be Germany . But it seems they are not in a very good conditions .
It seems they've been out of luck since the beginning of the event . Their shots hit the woodwork as many as six times . Oh . my goodness ! I'm afraid the team is under a spell .
I agree . Eeven though German attackers are not good at dribbling past opposing defenders , they breach the defensive line through quick movements to the right attacking positions and through accurate , well-timed passes .
Yes . They have a good reputation for their tenacity and discipline , especially in vital , decisive encounters .
Because it was her husband who beat her .
She said that she didn ’ t want to foul her own nest .
Well , it's hard to say . I cough a lot in the evening .
You're right , but you know , it's hard to give up an old habit .
You know , I often have to work till late at night . I need something to keep me awake .
Thank you for your advice ! I'll try it .
He appeals to the fans thanks to two things
Certainly not . What really counts is to play as a team , passing the ball amongst each other , dodging defenders . Free kicks are a result of all the teammates ' collective efforts . However , a few free k
yes , his face looks are manly , with a straight nose and infinite eyes . As a man of medium height in the West , he keeps a powerful but elegant figure , looking neither lanky nor stout .
This book is so good . I just can't put it down ! It's called ' The Power of One ' .
Me either . From the very first page , this author just pulled me right in !
Yes . I'm in the last chapter now and it is just gripping .
Okay . But be prepared for an all-nighter ! I doubt you will want to put it down either .
No . I was way too busy studying all the time . How about you ?
What was that like ?
What did you do ?
Did you get any perks on the job ?
Glad to meet you mr smith my name is jenny .
How could I feel easy ? I ’ m really pissed .
Ok . I ’ ll try my best to calm down first .
It is . It ’ s got pictures of interesting building from all over the world , with brief descriptions of how they were build , their purpose , and so on .
They don ’ t now , but most of them did originally . There ’ s picture of the pentagon in the united states . It ’ s very distinctive with its five sides .
Yes . Usually only TV towers are cylindrical in shape .
This is the world ’ s largest sports stadium . It ’ s a massive oval .
It says here that it ’ s m mainly used for big football matches and athletics meetings .
According to the book , it is . I ’ Ve never seen a building that is a perfect cube . Look at the building . From the air , it looks like a square with a semi-circle attached to each of its four sides . What
Just taking a smoke break .
Sure . Here you go .
I didn't know you smoked .
Oh . You're new to smoking still . I've been smoking for 7 years .
Many times . I'm really addicted . It's harder to stop than you think .
I highly recommend you quit soon . The longer you smoke , the harder it becomes to quit .
No problem . I'll talk to you later .
Never ! He ’ s over 80 , isn ’ t he ?
Good gracious ! Are you sure ?
Is she really ?
Really ? Quite a woman , isn ’ t she ?
I just stayed at home and watched TV .
Yes , it was a very evenly matched game .
It ended in a tie .
It was three all .
If Barcelona had played as they normally do , they should have won .
Their goalkeepers got injured after the first goal , but he kept on playing anyway .
How many more games are left this season ?
When do the playoffs start ?
Of course ! I really love watching football games on TV .
Sure , that would be great .
I'm sorry for hero . I dont think there's any excuse for his acting in some parts .
Oh yeah , that sounds pretty cool , I guess ...
Oh really ... well you must be very popular on the Internet . But it's true that it's nice to do some things in the comfort of your own home .
I'm glad that you can make it .
Yeah . I've invited a lot of friends besides you .
We all keep our shoes on indoors .
They've gone out so that we could have the house to ourselves .
What for ?
Sorry , I don't feel like playing . I have too much homework .
What ? Won't you have more drinks ?
Oh ! I'm sorry , but I wish you could stay .
Don't mention it . You can come whenever You are free .
Not really . It's much warmer usually . Your are not used to cold weather ?
Well , You'd better get some more warm clothes .
I would say it's about 5 degree Celsius .
August 1st .
Yes , we do.My parents prepare dinner for me .
We sing " Happy Birthday " at the party and have birthday cakes .
Well , I don't know .
So the " Happy Birthday " song has been popular since then ?
He's very strict with us .
Indeed . He's strict with himself , too . We can see every lecture of his is well-prepared .
Oh , what ’ s he like ?
Yes .
Um , that ’ s good .
That's all tight , Mr.Smith.That ' s my job . I'm very glad he recovered so soon .
No trouble at all . He's very cute and brave . By the way , do remember to keep him away from sea food for at least two weeks .
Oh , that sounds great !
Yes , that would be perfect .
Yes . Thank you for inviting me .
Certainly . Let me see . Oh , it's on that self .
Of course . Here you are .
She will insist . It's a rosary . She has millions of them . Take it .
Oh ! My grandmother used to say “ raising pigs , raising kids ... at least you can eat the pigs . ”
She likes to complain about her macho husband and her “ bambinos ” , but she loves them all dearly .
Sure ! How about we go home and prepare a couple of sandwiches ?
All you ever do is have unhealthy fast food Pizza , fries , burgers and hot dogs ! You have to start eating better !
Yeah right ! I ’ m serious ! You should also cut down on your sugar intake as well . You drink carbonated drinks that are high in fructose syrup ! It ’ s really not healthy !
It ’ s a start , but I ’ ll be happy when I see you stick to your promise !
Yes , we are .
In the spring .
Well .. we're not sure yet , probably in St.Albans .
Yes , that's right .
We're going to buy a flat or a small house somewhere in South London .
Yes , probably but I may look for another one when we're settled in .
How much is it ? Is three hundred dollars enough ?
Oh , you've already grown up , son .
I feel the same way .
Yeah . He has no one to count on .
I ’ m flattered , but really anyone else could do it .
I ’ m thinking of making an album , you know .
Why ?
It is because your children have grown up , and you haven ’ t lived with a child for a long time .
Yes , the fried chicken is too hard to eat . I suggest you bring me another one free of charge .
OK . I will talk to him direcly .
He said his present job seemed to be a blind alley .
Sure . Is it your father's birthday ?
Oh ! How could I forget such an important holiday ?
Yes , let's go .
You must be joking . The job is nice and she is well paid .
A few months .
Great ! I'm having a great time .
Great ! I would like to see cute pandas , too .
We can take the MET and get off at the Zoo Station .
( At the zoo ) Wow ! This zoo is really huge .
Look at the map . It has different areas , such as marine lives , mammals , polar animals and insects .
We have to go to the mammal area . We are at the gate right now . We need to go straight from here and turn left and go along to the end and make anotherleft turn .
Listen , Nancy . If I don't work hard , I will be laid off .
Come on , Nancy . Play it cool . I go with you and burn the middle night oil tonight .
Why do you say that ?
Many people work for the federal government their entire adult lives . Government service can be a rewarding and secure career .
Well , many positions pay salaries that are comparable to those in private industries .
Sometimes that's true , but not usually . Most feds are honest , hard-working professionals . It ’ s hard to keep highly trained people , so the pay and working conditions have to be attractive .
I'm a GS - 15 . That's high on the scale of workers , but even a GS - 1 is paid a living wage .
You asked for it .
Hi , Kathy . Have you had lunch ?
I ’ m starving , too . There is a new Chinese restaurant close by . Do you want to go there for lunch ?
It ’ s my treat this time .
Sorry , but I ’ m not really interested in those things .
Really .
Oh , I don ’ t care about that .
Are they ?
I ’ m afraid I ’ m not interested in fashion .
But thank you very much all the same .
Nothing much . What's new with you ?
Me too . Seems like all I do is eat and sleep .
Okay . Check you later .
Gatorade . It ’ s rich in Vitamin and it gives us energy and vitality .
What should we do , now with Jack out of the game ?
That ’ s right . Spraining the ankle and breaking the leg are the common things during the match .
That ’ s for sure . During the back court , we should change the position we played .
I agree with you . I think we ’ ll play much better than before .
Yeah , look how passionate they are ! Are they professional ?
Oops ! I almost forget about it . Do you see the girl in the middle of the first line ?
Don ’ t you think she looks like your daughter ?
Thanks for inviting me . Here is the gift for you . Happy birthday , Francis ! Many more happy and healthy years for you !
Yes , please do .
Yeah , I was really struggling whether I should give you this nice little car . It was the last one they had and I really like it so much myself .
Hi , Alex !
I just got back from London .
It was OK . There was a lot of turbulence , though .
It was 10 hours .
Yes , in Paris , France .
Yes . I bought two boxed of chocolate – one for me and one for you !
It was nothing .
Have you ever considered that perhaps we have a morale problem among our employees ? If everyone is discontent with their work , of course they won't stick arround .
Inbreeding is a big drawback from snitching most of their employers from one or two companies .
Our human resource department is working on it , it's not easy to recruit new employees every few month , it's hard to find qualified people .
Yes , I had a bf before .
We parted from each other last month .
Mmmm , no . How about you ?
Haha , so you are my E-bf .
Mmmm . .. OK , let's try to be .
Hey ! What is it ?
LL
I have no champagne right now . How about this ?
Is it made of chocolate ?
Oh , I will have a sweet dream .
A little bit . I have to go to sleep though I don't want to .
Thx.Bye for now . Kisssssssssss .
Oh , hi , Lee . You look great .
Cloudy in the morning , overcast in the afternoon .
No , but I wouldn't be surprised if it rained tomorrow .
I like orange better .
Because orange is much more to my taste .
So ?
no . what's it like ?
would you want to live there ?
what's your dreamhole like then ?
would you want to buy an old cottage or build a new one yourself ?
it that why you wear second-hand cloths as well ? Because they've got character ?
I see . If you lived in an old house , would it be decorated in a modern way ?
It takes two to make a quarrel and it takes two to mend fences .
Yes , I finished last Friday .
Well , yes . I don't mind admitting that I am . I enjoyed school , but I did object to having to go in every day once we've done all our exams .
Yes , I intend to go to university.That ' ll be in September.But it all depends on my A level results .
Oh , yes .
I'm glad you liked it . Are you ready for dessert ?
I made strawberry shortcake .
Great . Would you like coffee or tea with that ?
Do you take cream or sugar with your tea ?
Definitely . Would you like skim or whole milk ?
What happened ?
I'll go with you . Where is she ?
Is she alright ?
Don't worry . Family comes first . Come on , let's go .
Ok . Just call me if you need anything then .
Yes , to tell you the truth , there is .
Well , I've lost my wallet and my ID card .
Forget it , there is no use crying over the spilled milk .
It ’ s good . But to tell you the truth , I don ’ t wear perfume .
That ’ s all right . Thank you all the same .
There are a few stories about natural disasters . There is a massive forest fire in Australia . It covers several square kilometers of land has destroyed many more square kilometers .
Nobody knows at the moment , but it has been very hot there recently . The drought in Africa is causing starvation . Millions of people have migrated to try and find food .
The European union has sent several plants with relief supplies . Several countries have sent soldiers to distribute food and medical supplies . Refugee camps have been set up across the region .
Six have been seriously affected , but the refugees are also migrating to several surrounding countries .
Yes . There have been a few there recently . They say that this one was not a big quake . The Iranians are dealing with it on their own . They have purchased some special equipment to find people buried under rubble .
So far , less than 20 people have died , but over 100 are in hospital .
I think Hebes is a good place .
Really ?
How do these storms affect the people who live in these areas ?
It sounds that sandstorms are trouble for everybody !
everything's great . And you ?
no , I haven't had a chance to . But I've been watching a Chinese TV series called Chinese-Style Divorce .
yeah . I found it is so close to our life .
you said it . You know , the divorce rate has been on the rise in recent years .
I know a couple who divorced a week after getting married .
that's true . It's said the short-lived marriage is typical of the post - 80s generation .
definitely . They don't take relationships and marriages very seriously .
I think , as the saying goes as the saying goes haste makes waste , it is the same thing with marriage .
Yeah . He's known as a sly dog . He's done many people in .
And he may cash in on people whenever chances are provided .
I don't think so . I think the government should do everything it can to discourage people from smoking .
No.You can't suddenly make smoking illegal . But the government could prohibit smoking in public places like cinemas and theaters .
I listen to a lot of hip hop . What about you ?
Yes , me too . I mostly listen to hip hop , but there are many genres of music I like .
Yes.Let ' s hold a birthday party for him , shall we ?
Honey , we're in the museum now . We're not here to discuss your coworker's love life . We're here to enjoy the great paintings by Picasso !
You're making a federal case out of it . One unhealthy love affair can't ruin anything . It could even make your life more interesting .
All I'm trying to say is that life is ... like ... er ... this painting .
All right , if that would make you happy .
Well , nothing really serious .
Well , I'm an English major , you know.So I came here to make sure I'm taking the right things .
I want to finish my degree in four years.So I don't want to forget to take classes I need . I have a friend who has to stay in college another year.She didn't know until recently . There were some classes she needed to take to graduate.She didn't know about them .
I brought my transcript from my first year.Here . And here is the list of courses I plan to take in the fall .
No , I don't need to . I took Advanced Placement English in high school.So I'm not required to take composition .
No , I thought I would take it later .
Well , I suppose I could cross out the 18th century poetry class . I have to see when the Shakespeare class meets .
I can take it then . I have that time slot free .
I'll take it then .
I want to be an English professor in the future . I love studying literature , and I want to teach it .
That's the reason I want to finish my B . A . in four years.Because I know I will be in school a long time . I want to start the M . A . and Ph . D . program as soon as possible .
it was wonderful , but I was so tired .
yes , that was the first thing we did . We went all the way to the top . There were visitors from all over the world taking photos there .
art galleries , cathedrals , statues , fountains , palaces , bistros , there's really too much to say .
yes , at the beginning we were all excited and had lots of fun . However , on the third day of traveling in the city , I felt sick . I think I had something bad to eat , but it passed by the evening .
on the fouth day , we went to taste the French cuisine . That was really fantastic ! And no stomach problems .
you'll have to try for yourself some day .
Yes , Miss , what can I do for you ?
I'm sorry for that , I'm going to check with the chef right now . Miss , I just checked with the kitchen , and they said your order will be coming right up next . Oh , here comes .
Miss , I'm very sorry for the delay , please enjoy this . Free a glass of wine for inconvenience . Again I'm terribly sorry to make you wait so long .
It's very nice , I like it very much .
My pleasure . But I'm afraid I'm not much of a dancer , and I suppose you dance often .
Oh , really ? But you're doing the waltz wonderfully well .
Thank you for your compliments.It ' s just that you are a good leader . Do you like the fox-trot and tango ?
Disco is my favorite . I like it better than any other dances because it can release one's pent-up feelings , and is a healthy exercise . But I don't do the rock and roll and the break dance .
My pleasure . Let's go and have a drink .
We are going to climb a cliff on the Yangtze River .
It is a very difficult climb , because there are not many places to put your hands and feet .
We rappelled down the side of a 300 - foot cliff . It's very exciting .
Well , you should come this weekend . I think you could do the climb .
Ok , see you .
There are 15 people in my family .
15 people .
Of course we do ! My father's parents , Mum , Dad , three unmarried aunts , two uncles , my two brothers , my three sisters and me .
Right , but that's where my heart is . But you're right , now there are only 14 living at home .
Yes . My family lives in rural Korea , near Pusan . We have a huge house.The first floor of the house is a part-time private school.In the afternoon , students come for special tutoring in biology , Englis
My aunts and uncles are all teachers .
I guess so . While growing up , I read hundreds of interesting English storybooks every year .
I agree . Reading for fun is why all the English students at our family school have excellent English . All the students read 800 easy storybooks during their second year of studying English .
My aunts studied in the American universities.They say that extensive reading for fun is the most effective way to improve your English.That ' s what they learn here in America .
Uh well ... would you like the bad news first or the really bad news ?
Well sir , our sales have dropped , no plunged , fifty percent in the past month alone . We are currently overstocked and overstaffed and our profits refalling fast . The market is in recession and we have no way of moving our inventory , or getting rid of our staff . If we consider redundancies , it would cost us a fortune because of the new regulations governing compensation packages . It ’ s a real mess .
Um ... how can I put this ? Let ’ s just say that at this pace , we will be filing for Chapter eleven in less than three months .
Oh , that ’ s the really bad news . Our supplier suffered QC problems and , well , half of our production is faulty . We ’ re going to have to recall all itemssold in the last quarter . And the worst part ? We ’ re going to have to shoulder this cost .
We tried that , sir . The factory has gone under and the owner apparently has fled the country .
There is some really good news though !
I got offered a new job !
I ’ Ve been a secretary for two years , before that I was at university .
It ’ s challenging , I feel I have learned a lot .
I get along well with people , and I enjoy working with others .
I think it is easy . I could work in your class with no problem .
Oh , without a doubt . When is the next class ?
No problem .
Of course , easy . No sweat .
Are you kidding me ? It's going to be up a piece of cake .
Yeah , what't the bet ?
Yes , Ms . Jones .
Canada is north of here .
Sure . Look here . Canada is north of the United States .
Mexico is south of the United States .
Connecticut is east of New York .
Ohio .
Los Angeles is in California . It's southeast of San Francisco .
Boston is in the northeast part of the country .
Las Vegas is in the southwest .
I like reading novels about early America .
Which one do you like best ?
Yup . Though the words he used are simple , but the spirit he has conveyed is great .
If she has , they must be fair-weather friends .
She'd better keep away from them .
I guess so . Now Anna's got four kids and another on the way .
That's Anna for you . She keeps up the image of the stylish Italian woman . Here she comes .
Yeah , or the expensive Italian facial treatments .
Hi , Nancy . Come in please . I'm just putting away on my books .
Yes , I ’ m going to take a holiday tomorrow .
That's all right . I'm almost finished . Do you need my help ?
Oh . All right I'll read it soon .
It's nothing Nancy .
My dissertation . I put it somewhere last night and I can't find it now .
Yes , I kept on typing it until midnight , but it is lost .
Yes , but there is nothing inside the drawers or on the desk .
I've searched everywhere . Where on earth did I put it ?
I have been working on it for a whole month and it's too late to write another . Just think of all my hard work that goes for nothing . How could I do such a thing ?
Let me see . Yes , that's it . Where did you find it ?
My poor memory . Thank you very much .
I think he was locked in it .
What a strange guy !
He's late again . Traffic is probably holding him up . You know , he commutes from the suburbs . It's not easy commuting every day . We should cut him some slack .
Oh , that's right . Well , the train shouldn't be late . That means there is only one explanation ... Bill must have overslept .
That's right , because he's got to get to the train station from his house , then take the blue line into the city , then switch trains to the red line . In all , the trip's got to take more than 2 hours .
It's too difficult to park your car in the city . Also , the traffic coming in from the suburbs is a nightmare .
Take the books out of the bookcase . Put them in this box .
Take the magazines out of the bookcase . Put them in that box .
Peter ! Pack them . Don't read them .
Of course .
It's the most fun I've had in years .
Yes , we should .
He's a sad dog . He came to the wedding in jeans !
Yes . What a good job we have done !
Many customers didn't want them .
Good idea .
I'm not sure , but still it did attract a large crowds today .
But people can just throw them into the trash can as they turn around .
Anyway , let's just finish out job and get back home .
Don't worry . I'll drive you back .
I'm number seven . What about you ?
Hah hah ! You have to go before me .
Don't worry . It's safe .
You are the one who wanted to come here , Sandy . You should enjoy it .
I'm not too scared . But I've done sky diving before .
I think so too . It's just pointless .
I don't know . Maybe they're really crazy .
Playground . We're having sports for today's outside class activities . All my classmates have already got there .
Some of us will play basketball and some volleyball .
I always meet people like him .
Look , most of the maple leaves have turned red .
Of course , my father used to take me to Kiang Shan or somewhere like that as a child .
Honey , I'm sorry . I promise you , this summer vacation , I will take you to Huang-Shan Mountains . It is more beautiful and magnificent .
Yes , I went there five years ago . You were still a baby at that time .
Surely . You can enjoy the beauty of numerous streams and waterfalls . The sea of clouds has a fairy tale beauty .
That depends . If you are lucky , you can see a vivid rainbow across over two peaks .
He has reached puberty . His mind and body both will change a lot .
Time is flying . I still remember everything when he was a child .
Usually for lunch , we don't have to reserve a table , they should allow walk-ins . But to be on the safe side , I'll order a table for half-past twelve . Will that suit your schedule ?
Are you planning on treating the investors to a full-course meal ?
That'll be pretty heavy for a mid-day meal , don't you think ?
With your prime rib and chicken choices , you'd better hope nobody's vegetarian .
But it was her that makes us so embarrassed .
I don't care .
Certainly , where will you be coming from ?
Ok . Take the Underground ( the Circle line ) to High Street Kensington . Make sure you take the High Street Kensington exit .
Ok - when you leave the Underground , cross the road and you should see Horntown Street . Was up that street to the crossroads . As you was you should see a fast food place on your right .
No , you need to turn left into Philimore Was and take the next right .
That's fine . You will not miss it because it's just next to the Kensington centra Library .
Ok , we live in the third building on your left . Will we see you around 7 pm ?
What ?
Wow ! Congratulation ! When do classes start ?
You ’ re so lucky ! Do you have to do many things before you leave ?
When can you do that ?
Sure . What can you choose from ?
What is your major ?
What are the fundamental course ?
Interesting . That ’ s very different from the Chinese education system .
Really ?
why not ?
Yeah , I just got them . I started playing ice hockey in a community league . So , I finally got myself new skates .
I ’ m a defender . It ’ s a lot of fun . You don ’ t have to be able to skate as fast on defense .
Oh , yeah ? Which team ?
Really ? I think we play you guys next week . Well , I have to go to practice . See you later .
Yes , we do .
It's 3 nights a week , Monday , Tuesday and Thursday .
It lasts for 9 months .
The next beginning class starts on October 25th .
From 7 to 9 o'clock .
It costs 125 dollars a month .
Thank you , please fill out this form for us .
Yes , please.we need a record of you education and your work experiences .
No , thanks . I have some trouble with my heart , my doctor recommend I to drink less .
All right
Yes .
Sure , come on in .
My father and sister are out to photographing . What about you ?
What is a back-packer ?
Cool . You must have been to a lot of places .
So cool . I want to be a back-packer when I grow up .
I'll try my best .
Thank you . Hey , do you know how espresso got its name ?
It's because of the way the steam and boiling water are pressed through the coffee . Es-PRESS-o , get it ?
Oh , hi !
Pleased to meet you . My name is Alice . Did you just move in next door ?
Me ? I guess so . I've lived here for about six years now . Have you lived in America very long ?
I teach mathematics at a college . What do you do ?
Well , Tom . It's good to meet you . I have to go now . I am teaching a class this evening , and I need to get to the college .
See you around !
Hi Tom ! I'm fine , and you ?
Good . See you !
Yeah , I think it's the best way to relax .
Really it depends on my mood . When I am sad or depressed , I like comedies . If I'm feeling good , I'll watch almost anything .
Yeah , unfortunately , nowadays directors are often more interested in making money than making a good film .
Yeah , many of my all-time-favorites were made in the forties . They've already stood the test of time and will stay with us for a long time .
Here ’ s an ad . about a big sale of washing machine . Do you want to see it ?
You think ?
But I still get stuck on the different tones.It drives me crazy .
And then what ?
That sounds boring to me .
Yes , I think I will do something new . I ’ Ve always wanted to be a teacher . I ’ m willing to begin studying to teach .
Oh , blonde , she's very blonde ... quite short hair ...
No , not at all . Very straight . Her hair comes down like this ... just over the ears .
No ... no . I think you're thinking of someone else .
Er ... what else can I tell you ? Er ... she's got ... er a ... round face , a very round face , and a very big mouth , sort of wide mouth , when she laughs , her face is all mouth .
Yes .
I have two kids . A boy and a girl .
Jack and Stephanie .
Stephanie is 18 and Jack is 24 .
Stephanie is . She goes to college in Washington and Jack works in Florida .
She studies English .
No , she's at school .
Yes . It's perfect .
I couldn't have asked for more .
Is the math wrong or the way the answer was marked ?
These things can happen ; let's double-check the answers first to be sure , all right ?
Look at the answer sheet and compare it to your answers . Do you see any place where I made a mistake in grading ?
Yeah , I see the same thing ; now we can do the math and check that , right ?
I count all of the correct answers , total them , and divide by the total . Does this look right to you ?
Thank you for caring enough to check on your scores ; keep studying !
I have a part-time job now , so I work in the evenings .
You'll never guess what happened today ! I went to the doctor after work and the doctor told me ...
No ... He told me I'm pregnant !
And so I bought all these books on having kids and ...
How did you know ! They say listening to classical music can make your baby smarter !
What's that ?
That's easy . Everyone knows that there are nine .
Nice try . I wasn't born yesterday , you know .
That sounds crazy . But they can't just change their mind about things like that .
I suppose you're right . They also used to think that they were so important that the sun revolved around them , not the other way around .
Do you think that we'll one day be able to travel to another planet for a vacation ?
Do you think we'll ever get to meet an alien from outer space ?
You're so old-fashioned . That's what people used to think about people from another country !
Yes , I finished last Friday .
Well , yes . I don't mind admitting that I am . I enjoyed school , but I did object to having to go in every day once we've done all our exams .
Yes , I intend to go to university . That'll be in September . But it all depends on my A level results .
Oh , yes .
I'm sorry , I overslept .
Hello , Jack . It's Mary . What are you doing in your office ?
Would you like to come and have dinner with us on Friday ?
What about Saturday ?
Will you come round next Tuesday ?
What do you say to next Wednesday then ?
Ok . Bye .
Oh , how could it be ?
OK . Wait a minute .
Yes . It's really snowing .
But don't you think it's a little too cold ?
You are so interesting .
I have a lesson once a week but I try to practice every day .
I usually look at English language websites every day and go to my local English Corner twice a week .
Sadly , I hardly ever speak to English people . I usually practice with my Chinese friends .
Oh Jackie ? We broke up last week .
It was actually a long two months . She was a psycho .
She would be laughing one moment , and if I said something insensitive , she would start crying . I didn't want to deal with that .
She was a psycho , man . One time we were suppose to get together . I was waiting for her call , and when she finally called , she was screaming why I wasn't at her place .
I thought she was going to call when she was done shopping . It was a misunderstanding . She was literally screaming on the phone over this .
I'm just glad it's over .
Where have you been , Alice , you're over an hour late .
why ere you getting off work so late ? The office close at six , doesn ’ t it ?
Didn ’ t you tell him you have an appointment ?
Well . You ’ re here .
I didn't really like it .
I found it very disappointing .
I wasn't happy with it .
You've done a lot , my darling !
You're too strict with yourself .
I'd like to . But I'm not myself today .
It's the end of the world for me .
Today , I'm told I failed three courses .
B :: I'm such a fool that duplication of effort is only a waste time to me .
I hope so .
He has a glib tongue . Few people can argue him down .
We cannot expect a man like him to speak the truth .
everything's great . I've just returned from my office .
sure I am . I work for myself , but I've rented a virtual office at an office building in the downtown area .
yeah , an office that runs efficiently by using nothing other than online communication technologies . I pay the rent and share office services with others in the same building .
a separated office , internet access , phone services , fax services , mail & courier services , and almost everything you have in a conventional office .
I get a business address at an expensive location , and I can share the receptionist and secretary with other offices in the same floor .
you bet it !
Thanks .
My sister did it . When did you get yours cut ?
Well , it looks very nice .
It certainly was a great party . It ’ s a pity that a glass and a plate got broken and someone spilled a drink over here .
I doubt it , I'll deal with it right away . Luckily it wasn ’ t a glass of red wine , I ’ ll just get a bowl of water and a cloth .
Afterwards , we can do the washing up together . Everything will be finished within an hour . Your friend Keith is really funny . I liked his magic tricks .
Amanda told some very funny jokes . At the beginning of the party , she was being very serious .
What did you put in that punch ? It tasted great , but was quite strong .
Very much . The birthday cake was delicious , wasn ’ t it ? Emily told me that she and karen made it themselves .
All cleaned up . Are you ready to start on the washing up ?
I know but I have no choice . My stomach just keeps crying for more and more .
I've been going to the gym these days . The exercise makes me hungry all the time .
Don't pull my leg .
Surely not . I can feel the results . I'm starting to feel different now .
I'm planning to meet my personal trainer to have the work-out plan fixed .
Your father is a bit too timid . He even doesn't know how to introduce himself .
Girl , don't make fun of your Daddy . But I can introduce him to my personal trainer . Maybe one day he will be a fitness freak instead of a cough potato .
Let me see it , can I ? This is a good photograph . Who are these people ?
What a beautiful ship ! Who ’ s this ?
Ah yes . The one who offered you a job in Australia .
Who ’ s this ?
It ’ s not you , is it ?
Why did you shave it off ?
Yes . Why ?
Just asking ? ! Why is your face burning like mad ? Ah-huh , someone has a crush on Jenny , doesn't he ?
Come on , Ted ! Don't be such a chicken . If you like her , you ’ Ve got to tell her . Maybe she likes you .
What are you so afraid of ? Just tell her what you are feeling about her .
But that's better than keeping everything to yourself . You ’ Ve got to let her know . Come on ! You ’ Ve got to take a chance . Even though you are rejected , it ’ s not the end of the world . There ’ s nothing to lose , is there ?
How terrible ! This is quite unexpected !
What happened ?
No , thanks . I have got to work overtime .
Well , I am . I'll have to finish this report for next Monday's meeting . Is Tom coming to pick you up ?
That's nice . Where is his villa ?
Sometimes I envy you a lot . Tom is a good guy .
I know , but I am a work maniac .
Have a nice weekend .
Did she mention anything else ?
See you .
Are you crazy ? Tomorrow's Saturday .
Americans also don't go to work on Saturdays .
Right . What are you going to do tonight ?
On a Friday night ?
Don't mention it .
That depends . What does she look like ?
How tall is she ?
Is she chubby ?
It sounds like she's pretty good-looking . Does she wear glasses ?
How's her skin ?
Does she have any piercings or tattoos ?
What's the tattoo on her foot like ?
Even her mother ?
What's her personality like ?
So there is something wrong with her ! It was beginning to sound like she was too good to be true !
Pretty well , thanks . Still feeling the effects of jet lag a bit , but last night I got at lease six hours of rest .
Yep . Let's do it . I'm pretty excited !
Live chicken ? Thanks , but no thanks . So ... tell me about bargaining . How can I do it like a local ?
Cool ! Teach me !
Someone told me to go to a convenience store and see how much a soft drink or a tube of toothpaste costs . The idea is that by comparing the prices of those items , you can figure out the relative prices of everything else .
That sounds great ! I ’ d love to ! Here is my address . Pick me up at eight ?
Thank you for such a lovely evening ! The food was amazing , and I had a great time .
What is it ?
Well ... I told them not to come . I made a reservation just for the two of us . I thought we could have an quiet evening all to ourselves .
Jennifer , there ’ s something I wanna ask you .
Hmm ... okay , here ’ s the thing . I ’ Ve always seen you as more than just a friend , and I can ’ t take it any more . I know you better than anyone , I know the pros and cons of your personality , I even know what side of the bed is yours ! I think we would be great together , don ’ t you ?
I know ! I never had the guts to tell you ... until today . So , what do you say ? Are you willing to give me a shot ?
Well , I nearly always get up at dawn . I don ’ t like sleeping in late . The days are longer in summer than in winter , so I get up in summer . I usually do some exercise when I get up .
I usually have cereal , but sometimes I cook a traditional English breakfast .
I usually do housework in mornings . I go shopping occasionally . I like to do all my shopping in one bag trip to the supermarket . I always drive to the big supermarket in the city center . It takes about 20 minutes to drive there .
I usually meet some friends and we play sports together or I might spend some time alone on my hobbies . I spend winter evening watching tv , but I spend summer evening at cultural events if I have time .
I'm not at all keen on that sort of job.It makes me crazy .
You have to type all day .
I like to live here and enjoy my neighbors ' company . And I don't think I should waste money just because I have much of it .
Oh , the car is old but still in good condition . I just think we should be thrifty , whether you are rich or not .
But what ? Just remember that thrift is not only a great virtue , but also a great revenue .
Oh , yeah . The total amount is no less than 13,000 RIB , according to our itinerary .
Sit down . I'll show you the list of our financial budget . First of all , it is nearly 4,000 RIB that we should spend in transportation .
Then we must pay a large amount of money for the hotel . But if we want to save money , we can choose a hotel which is not so good .
In that case , we can choose the Youth Hotel . It's a good choice , clean and economic .
Network is omnipresent nowadays . It's quite convenient for people . You see , we can download music and information from the Internet ; I can study from it , too . And the most of all , we can compose , send , and receive e-mails .
What do you mean ?
I agree . But I think although it has some negative effects , on the whole Internet does more good to us than harm .
Well , you've been working on this assignment for five hours .
I'll accompany my wife to the hospital .
She is expecting .
Thank you .
My name is Zhang Ming.Nice to meet you , Susan .
I come from China.Are you American ?
Business management
Just fine , Karen . I ’ m just taking a breather from all this paper work !
I ’ ll have to try it . You know how I am about Italian food ! What ’ s the name ?
I can ’ t think of where to go .
I really don ’ t know .
I really like where I ’ m at now .
That may be what I ’ m going to do .
You ’ re absolutely right .
I ’ m just going to stay at PCC .
The bigger they are , the harder they fall .
Oh , you didn ’ t know that apartments here are considered valuable , even if they are small and crowded ?
I don ’ t mind paying high rent to live in New York .
Yeah , but so what ! I ’ m proud to live in the world ’ s most exciting city . And , the salaries here are the highest in the nation , too .
The one in the red shirt ?
She's alright .
Why don't you go talk to her ?
Hell no ! You're just a chicken that's all .
Why don't you go stand next to her for a while and if an opportunity comes up , strike a conversation .
It doesn't matter . You gotta find what she's interested in and go with that .
Do you want me to go talk to her ?
If you don't do anything , I'll bet somebody else will .
It doesn ’ t matter to me .
Either way . I don ’ t care .
I couldn ’ t careless .
Whatever you say .
I don ’ t mind if you want to .
Not really , but I know it is very popular a traditional Chinese gambling game .
Typical Francis , whether you are at work , or engaged in leisure time activities , you always show the same eagerness and curiosity to learn something new and improve yourself .
Why do you say that ?
Many people work for the federal government their entire adult lives . Government service can be a rewarding and secure career .
Well , many positions pay salaries that are comparable to those in private industries .
Sometimes that ’ s true , but not usually . Most feds are honest , hard-working professionals . It ’ s hard to keep highly trained people , so the pay and working conditions have to be attractive .
I ’ m a GS - 15 . That ’ s high on the scale of workers , but even a GS - 1 is paid a living wage .
Why don't we spend this vacation earning our tuition ?
OK .
Yes , it is .
Yes , he is .
It ’ s OK . It seems we have a lot in common .
He is tall and slim , fair-haired .
He is a nice guy and very considerate . I am impressed with how smart and humorous .
Er ... Hum ... Got it .
Right !
I see what you mean . That was pretty easy after all .
I'm looking for it , but you see , the market shard for jobs , too .
What do you do ?
Oh , not yet . At least have one for the road .
Well , I am sorry you have to leave so early .
Well . Thank you for coming .
Bye .
Thank you .
She has been admitted to Yale with a scholarship .
Thank you .
Nothing much . I'm just relaxing today . Why ? What's going on ?
Are they having a sale ?
That sounds great . Where should we meet ?
Sounds good . See you there .
They're cute . But do you think you'll wear them much ?
This sweater is so pretty . I love the low neck design .
It's on sale for $ 80 . What do you think ? Should I try it on ?
Would you like to live in the country ? I ’ m not sure I ’ d like it .
What do you mean ?
I see what you mean . I love being far away from a city , but I hate being so far away department stores and sports facilities .
I would love to be surrounded by hills and streams . They ’ re so much better to look at than concrete , rows of parked cars and tall buildings .
The view from the hill is so beautiful and relaxing . There ’ s so sign of pollution . The village looks so peaceful .
You ’ re right . I would have to travel to the city at least once a week to go shopping and see friends . I would hate living in the country !
Fine , just don't do it at night .
The cold weather will damage the engine .
Yes ?
I'm in a really good mood , actually . How about you ?
what's wrong ?
that's too bad . I'm sure there's a logical explanation for it . Don't be too upset about it .
I see how that can get a bit annoying .
so what are you going to do about it ?
what do you think would make you happier ?
relationships can be confusing sometimes .
I'd call him and dump him now ! You deserve better than him !
I usually have the wrong notion that he's very serious .
No wonder when I pass your room , I always hear your laughter .
What ?
What ’ s wrong with you , Ted ?
What ’ s wrong with speaking English ?
What are you doing that for ?
Good for you .
You know-sweeping , scrubbing , washing , drying , waxing , polishing ...
You got that right ... and my mom's still mad about what we did with the dishes .
Listen , I'd better get back to the grindstone .
No , I don't think she's that strong-minded .
She will be back soon.You can wait and see .
A quarter past five .
See you .
You're welcome , Bob . It was nice meeting you .
Perhaps because of the dirty air .
Some poisonous gas .
Yes . I think I won't come here again next time .
We waste a vacation .
Maybe it was Dick .
Then it must be a naughty boy who did it .
What about going to the zoo on Saturday and to the park on Sunday ?
Then , what shall we do on Sunday .
Good idea . I'll go shopping in one of the department stores nearby . We'll go to the zoo and the park another time . After all , we can put that off .
He has been keeping bach after divorce .
Once bitten , twice shy . He said he would rather keep bach than to live in disgust .
Is that different from this kind of zoo ?
So tell me about it !
Special rules ?
Details ?
Why not ?
That makes sense . But that sounds interesting . Is there one in Beijing too ?
I prefer to go there next time .
English is my favorite .
Thank you .
Not yet . I guess we should send Jim along to talk to the chief since he is such an apple polisher . I am sure he can help .
I'm moblogging !
Oh , moblogging is a combination of the word ' mobile ' and ' blogging ' . It's another form of blogging . Users can publish blog entries to the web from a mobile phone or other mobile devices .
Yes , you're right . I can blog wherever and whenever I'm on the move . It's especially good when I'm on a business trip and my laptop happens to be away from me .
Well , if I simply want to write a few words , I'll send it by email or edit it all from the cell phone browser .
Then I'll shoot some pictures , re-size the images and upload them with text descriptions to my blog .
You bet it !
Yes . We had a big talk with him , and he has really turned over a new leaf .
But I think it wasn't too bad .
It's exaggerated . Actually this sort of thing happens to everyone .
Yes , they are all on the shelf .
Yes . Here you are .
Well , I like to play the piano .
About 18 years , I started learning when I was a kid .
Sure , so , what about you ? Do you have any hobbies ?
I can't help it .
It was fantastic ! We had such a good time . The only problem was that because it was their high season , we spent hours queuing .
Yes , Florida had great weather while we were there . You look tan , too . Did you go somewhere ?
Wow ! Bali Islands have some of the best beaches in the world , don't they ?
Did you go diving while you were there ?
Did you take any pictures in the ocean ?
Have you started planning your christmas vacation yet ?
No , but I do like snowboarding .
I'll talk to my husband about it ; I'm sure he'll say yes ! He loves Switzerland !
I've got to be going now too .
See you later .
Yes , I am . I have life insurance and my home and its contents are also insured .
That ’ s a good idea . You are a fireman and it can be a dangerous job .
I can terminate my life insurance policy when I retire and use the money as a pension .
Did you have to take a medical before you could take out the policy ?
I've got a headache .
No , thank you . I'll take an aspirin and see how it goes .
Well , if I were you , I'd go on studying .
If I had chance again , I'd major in English . You're good at language .
You should take their advice . They know what's best for you .
But if you go to university , you'll still have time for fun .
And if you try to find a part-time job , you'll have some money too .
How many credits for each course ?
Thank you , sir , I'm sure I will .
Yep . And it breathes , see !
Yes , it is . Look at the little light ! It blinks off and on .
I would look so cool carrying this around !
Really ? I thought the exhibition showed that he had real talent . What did you think of it ?
I don ’ t think I ’ Ve ever read a good review of an exhibition by that critic . He doesn ’ t seem to like anything . Which kinds of paintings do you prefer ?
Yes , I do . I like painters who use rather than watercolors . The colors appear richer . What do you think ?
Yes . Good artwork is very expensive nowadays . When I was in china , I bought some calligraphy by famous artists . You should come and see it sometime .
I know what the characters on the paintings mean . I think Chinese characters look very artistic . It ’ s said that the way they are written can give insight into the artist ’ s character .
I like taking photos .
Yes , look at the photos I took .
Thank you for saying so .
Yeah . It's already December , you know .
It was a kind of sixth sense .
No .
He'll never do well in mathematics .
Well , I can't help .
Stay away from me .
I'm serious , Zina . Back off . I have a bottle of pepper spray in my pocket .
Why are you being so nice to me ? Don't think for a second that I trust you .
Do you ? By the way , could you mail this letter for me as you go through the lobby ?
Thank you . Come back to my office at the same time tomorrow . I'll have the pictures ready by then .
Yes , I'm afraid I am . My husband is a smoker too .
No , but my husband smokes twenty or more a day .
I had my first cigarette when I was seventeen .
Yes , twice .
Hey man ! Everything is just groovy baby !
I wanted to , but I ran into this foxy lady that just moved to my block ! I was chatting her up a bit and then we mellowed out at her place .
Gravy ! Jim is such a jive turkey man . He is always hitting me up for cash . Anyway , you wanna book and go grab some grub ?
Yeah , this is my first visit here .
Thanks , but I speak English with a strong German accent .
On and off , for quite a few years .
Does it really look OK ?
And I got it on sale .
What does she like to do ?
Hmm . Sounds like she has pretty pricey tastes .
Have you thought about going Dutch ?
Not where , what . Dutch means you both pay your own way .
Her name is Laura , isn't it ?
How old is she ?
What does she look like ?
Pretty , is she ?
Yeah , what's up ?
Why ?
Yes , do you always gather to welcome new comers ?
Really ?
Yes . I have been here for three years .
Well . I ’ m rather disappointed with it .
It ’ s too old . And it isn ’ t as specious as I expected .
I ’ ll just have to put up with it .
He makes me sick .
I just lost my job . My boss just told me .
I don't understand of myself . It seems they have to save money .
Well , Jim . It is a combination of how much you eat , the type of food you eat , and when you eat your meals .
That's a big mistake , you should always have a good breakfast . You will not run your car without fuel , and yet you won't expect your body to work without food .
I bet you eat a large evening meal , then sit and watch TV or read a book . Then instead of burning off your energy , your body stores it as fat .
Well control is really using common sense when you plan your eating habits .
Yes , I agree . The air here is much more polluted than in my country .
Yeah , you are right .
The problem is now on a truly global scale . I don't believe that any single country can do anything about it .
Of course.Don ' t worry . I'll call one for you .
Yes , besides it versa according to the distance .
No problem .
You are welcome , bye .
Mine . It's My Heart Will Go On , the theme song of Titanic . Isn't it of strong character ?
No , not yet .
You needn't ask anyone . You can get on line to search for one .
Yeah . Web sites provide many melodies for handsets like my ERICSSON .
Numerous . It's time that everybody is particular about personality.Find one and change yours .
Why ? What are they like ?
Have you ever talked to them about it ?
What did they say ?
They soud like the neighbours from hell !
I thought you didn't talk to them much .
What do the other people in your apartment think about them ?
Maybe you should think about moving .
Well , perhaps you should have a party and try to get to know them better . Maybe once you get to know them , they'll turn out to be more sensitive .
Well , I don't know what else you could do then . Do you think bribing them with chocolate would work ?
Yes , the autumn is marvelous here .
I hope so .
A house warming party ?
Congratulations ! That ’ s wonderful . I bet both of you are quite happy .
I understand . That ’ s why Christopher and I want to find a place in a small town , far from the city .
I agree . That ’ s why Christopher is already looking for a job in Maine , or Wisconsin .
Ok , on that day , boys usually give roses to the sweet hearts and girls give them chocolate in return .
Yeah , that is what the holiday is for , isn't it ?
Not well . I ’ Ve been feeling pretty lonely lately .
You know what they say'a friend to all is a friend to none ' . I don ’ t feel like I really know any of my friends . In fact , I should probably call them acquaintances , not friends .
I know you are , you are my girlfriend . I wish I had a guy friend to hang out with sometimes .
Not at all .
That ’ s a good idea .
I ’ m not sure . I guess I ’ d like to meet some people who have a positive attitude and want to have a good time .
That ’ s a possibility . Thanks !
You can't judge a book by its cover .
Shift it a little before you get up .
Coming as ?
Um ... I have to confess , I haven't given it much thought . I'm from China and Halloween really isn't celebrated there .
Oh ... Sure . We have an entire month ! In traditional Chinese culture , Ghost Month is a period when the door between this world and beyond opens up and ghosts come back to earth for a visit .
Well , people sometimes set off firecrackers , some people burn paper money as an offering and many people go to a temple to burn incense.Mainly though , you need to feed the ghosts because they're hungry .
Yeah ... we set up tables with food , fruit and drinks and offer that to the hungry ghosts .
Yes ! How did you guess that ?
Good Point !
No ! So ... is Halloween essentially the same thing as ghost month ?
Oh , that's my great , great , great , great , great , great , great grandfather .
Peter Madsen . A great A if I do say so myself .
He loved his family and his countrymen and his freedom .
He was . He was friendly toward and showed concern for everyone he met .
Yes , he does . He often has had one to many . But I advised him not to drink too much , he just boasted that he had hollow legs and nobody had ever drunk him under the table .
Are you serious ? Gambling is a vice industry built on deception and fed by the intentional exploitation of human weakness for the sole purpose of monetary gain ! It disgusts me .
Well , to begin with , Gambling is addictive , ruins marriages , destroys families and bankrupts communities . Once you are addicted it is very difficult to stop . People have lost their houses , cars and been left out on the street after becoming addicted . Secondly , it exploits because men become addicted to gambling most often because of the action and risk . Women gamble to escape , and senior citizens will start gambling for the social interaction . Underage gamblers often start gambling on sports with friends and then illegal bookies .
You cannot predict who will become addicted to gambling . Now excuse me , I have a protest rally to organize !
Mr . : Yes ?
Mr . : Would you like to go to the nurse's ?
Mr . : Here's a hall pass for it . Do you need someone to walk you there ?
Mr . : I'll drop by later to check on you .
Sure
Am I late for the party ? Looks everyone is already here . Hope I didn ’ t miss something interesting .
Great , here are some flowers for you . I hope you like them . I was not sure if the color will suit your new apartment .
Don ’ t bother . I will help myself .
It is such a nice place .
Yes , I have a very special one . I will be doing volunteer work in a zoo for two weeks . A friend of mine working there told me the other day that they were in need of some volunteer keepers . I was very interested . So I asked him to get me the application form . Lucky , my application was approved by the manager very soon .
I will help to prepare food , feed animals and clean up . I ’ m very excited about it now .
Ok , I will bring you photos as many as possible .
Yeah . But whatever the planes are , he always has an eye to money .
Thank you very much , David . It's an excellent birthday gift .
I'm so relieved . I just passed the bar exam .
That's an understatement . I'm on cloud nine . I couldn't be any happier .
Not yet . I didn't get a hold of them . I'll try to call them again tonight .
I think so . It's turning out to be a great day .
Do you have a car or motorbike ?
In that case , you can park either in a student lot or on the street . Are you aware of the marked handicapped spots ?
The handicapped logo with blue means that you are not to park there unless you have a handicapped permit . Will you mostly be parking during the day or the night ?
Make sure you pay special attention to the street signs with time limits . Have you noticed those signs ?
Pay attention to what the signs tell you in terms of time limits and what days you can park there . Do you know what the curb colors mean ?
Just remember that red means absolutely no parking and white means loading and unloading only . I think you'll be good to go !
It bears a great many of advantages , but also some weak points .
For instance , the mobile phone seriously distracts the attention of people from work and study .
Actually , it's not the fault of the mobile phone . But people should have a proper attitude towards it . Mobile phone is a tool serving people , not the fetters restricting them .
Yeah . I'll miss all of you , too . But I'll keep in touch .
That's very kind of you to say so . Let's try some after-dinner wines .
Do you prefer brandy or ports .
Excellent choice . I love its smooth flavor .
Yes . You always have a good nose for wines .
Oh , what's that ?
Why not ? It sounds great .
Thanks . Cheers .
My mother is ill in the hospital .
The disease fails to respond to drugs .
Bourbon , please .
With iced water , please .
Thank you . Now how much do I owe you ?
That is OK . Here is 20 dollars and you can keep the change .
His girlfriend broke up with him .
Oh , no ! I can't have failed . surely ?
Whatever am i going to tell me parents .
What am I to do ?
How high did the price go ?
You didn't watch the end of the auction ?
that's true . But I have a low opinion of those women who go out with foreigners .
I think some Chinese wone marry foreigners for money while others just want to live abroad . There is no true love between them .
well , then why aren't there many East-West couples where the man is a Chinese and the woman is a Westerner ?
or because they are less attractive to to Chinese men .
you know , usually the woman is in her thirties and she is a left girl .
they're called that because they're left behind on the shelf . They're also known by their three H's---high diploma , high salary , and high degree . and they're also known as the three S's — single ,
that ' for sure but very few .
On the contrary , I think he's very serious .
So they're easy to remember .
He's an old antique , very serious .
Hey ! How about your history teacher ?
I'm sorry to hear that .
How about the languages .
That's more convenient .
Thank you , Peter . Come into the dining room . We are going to cut the cake soon .
That's Cathy . She is pretty , isn't she ? She likes dancing . Ask her to dance .
Don't be afraid . She isn't going to bite you .
All right.That ’ s very nice of you .
I ’ m sorry I can ’ t make it.Thank you anyhow .
Certainly . Let me see.Oh , it's on that shelf .
Of course.Here you are .
Let me guess . You want to watch the History Channel again !
Well , I guess I could tape The X-files and watch it later ...
Mysteries of the Pyramids . Didn't we watch this program last week ?
I'd like that very much .
Fine . See you later .
You are so old-fashioned . I have already watched it last week in cinema .
Its 3D animation is attractive and its colorful scenes are also unforgettable .
Well , its theme is moving and profound , so from the academic aspect , this is its advantage to win the award .
Yes . I love it , too .
I'm not sure , but I think it must be directed by Zhang You . That's typical of him .
I am . I just went to the travel agent ’ s and picked up these brochures .
I fancy going to Tibet for a few days . Have you ever been there ?
would you recommend going there for a few days ?
you ’ re probably right . What do you think about Yangshao ?
I ’ d like to get away from the big city life .
I guess if I only have a few days , I should probably think about going somewhere that isn ’ t far away .
thanks ; I ’ ll give them a call later .
I am worrying about my husband .
You know , he is a taxi driver . He has to have his eyes peeled all the time when he drives , especially during the rush hour .
Who ?
Not for a couple of years . What happened to her ?
Oh , she is .
Not surprising . I bet she's very tall and slim .
Oh , come on . Let's not beat a dead horse .
I like all sorts of movies , primarily drama and science fiction .
Western and horror are the two types of movies I don't care for .
Some are entertaining , but I find most of them stupid and childish . For example , I don't understand why a person always goes into the house alone when something is suspicious .
You can't help learning when you're using it all day . You'll see . A few weeks'study in the school will have a similar effect on you .
Oh , she likes keeping us on our toes by getting us use English throughout the class . She doesn't mind your making mistakes , though .
You think ?
But I still get stuck on the different tones . It drives me crazy .
Sure . What's the matter with you ?
Don't be so nervous ! Relax ! First , sleep early at night . Second , study two hours a day after school . Third , don't tire yourself out , but don't be lazy . Will that help ?
No thanks . I've had enough .
To tell you the truth , I am on the diet .
Well , I am gaining weight these days , and I have to watch my calories .
You have taken words out of my mouth . He is a tough customer .
You are right , look at the crowd . Do you think we will be able to get tickets ?
No way . I'd rather go to another movie house .
All right . Let's see when the next movie is playing ?
Shall we take a chance ?
It's moving so slow .
I don't think anyone will .
I'm sorry .
You are so thoughtful .
Oh , through a lot of hard work , of course .
Surely it was , especially when you only knew few people and little English .
Right . I only knew a few English sentences .
First , I worked as a servant .
I'd like to , but I must run to a meeting .
Sure , what's up ?
Good question . I have to think about it .
France ? Is he crazy ?
Well , how can I put this ? France is a terrible team .
I'm a newspaper columnist . I write comments for a living . I enjoy working in a coffeehouse .
I don't mind . By contrast , I quite like the circumstances , as I can see a variety of people here , who can always give me tremendous inspiration . And the most important thing is coffee as it is my life .
Irish coffee is my favorite . But I can drink any other . I'm not particular on it .
Not very often . Making coffee is a bit troublesome . Most of the time , I just buy takeout at Starbucks . And also , I quite like instant coffee .
Exactly . Nescafe is the world's favorite coffee . People love it all over the world ?
Many people think Brazil makes the best coffee . Brazil exports a lot of coffee . But I love Irish coffee . So it's hard to say . Just depends on your taste .
Yes . No doubt about that . For us , coffee is more a living style rather than a simple drink . I heard Chinese people don't drink that much coffee .
I suppose so . That's probably why there are so many wonderful coffeehouses in China now .
Well , there are certain factors that effect people's size and weight .
One study said that low-income groups have a higher percentage of over-weight people than higher income families .
The survey said that the low , income groups eat more junk food on a daily basis .
And junk food contains lots of fat and oil . There is one final reason why so many people are fat .
Nobody exercises any more-not even kids ! The average American home has the TV on for 6 hours a day !
Yeah , I guess so .
Hey , I started a diet and lost 10 pounds .
Well , I quit and gained it back plus 5 pounds .
The same to you , Joey .
It's very thoughtful of you . Wow , it is so beautiful . Could you tell me how American people celebrate Christmas ?
Don't worry about it .
I think you just need to get more sleep .
it ’ s so sad . They had been together for only two months . Do you know what the matter was ?
really ? I ’ m very surprised . He doesn ’ t look like a guy who ’ d ever do that sort of thing , right ?
maybe it is for the best . They are not suitable for each other because they have nothing in common and are completely different people .
he is an extrovert while she is an introvert . He likes parties while she hates them .
anyway , she was right to end things and she deserves better .
no , I don ’ t think so . I know Mary . Once she makes a decision , she won ’ t change her mind .
so do I .
Mine are wet , too .
She wished good luck to you .
Yes .
No , what happened ?
Really , what's going to happen now ?
Oh , hey ...
Actually , my office is right around the corner .
Yeah , yeah , it was really interesting . You know , I'm in a bit of a hurry , but here ’ s my card . We should definitely meet up again and continue our discussion .
You know what , this is really embarrassing , but your name has just slipped my mind . Can you remind me ?
Howdy folks , and welcome to today ’ s game ! You know , Rick , today is a key game between Russia and Canada . As you know , the winner will move on to the finals .
Maurice Richard has the puck now , and passes it to the center . He shoots ! Wow what a save by the goalie !
What an amazing goal !
I just found out that my husband is cheating on me .
That's what I thought . It seems that he's been seeing someone else for about two months .
I asked for leave and was at home when the telephone rang . I picked it up and a girl asked to talk to Mark . She then asked if I was his sister , and I said no , I was his wife . She hung up immediately .
Yeah , he first said it was someone from work . He gave me a lame excuse , and so I pressed him on it .
He kept trying to make stupid excuses , and then broke down and admitted to a small indiscretion .
Channel 24.It shows some cable networks and no commercial interruptions .
It was very good . I followed it right to the end .
Certainly.Go ahead .
I'm surfing the Net .
At the drop of a hat .
It ’ s a beautiful day to see two world class teams face each other and fight for their right to be called champions .
Roger Vargas is up at bat . The pitcher winds up and strike one !
The players are scrambling to get the ball . Vargas gets to first base and he ’ s still going ! The outfielder throws it to second ! Vargas slides ! He ’ s safe !
We have a runner on third and up at bat is Brian Okapi ! There ’ s the pitch , he hits it ! It ’ s going , going , that ball is gone !
You know , all I was trying to do was tell the truth but they obviously didn ’ t take it that way .
Yeah , I ’ m dealing with it . Anyway . Thank you , Mike .
I know she is quite an article , but I was not sure of her ability to cope with a boss .
But most bosses are fools for woman .
I am sorry too . I know we've been talking about this beach trip for a while . I should have told Bob I was busy this weekend .
thanks for understanding .
hey , what if the three of us go to the beach together ? Besides , you and Bob haven't seen each other for a while . I don't want my best friend and my boyfriend to be complete strangers .
I know Bob won't mind . You can bring a date , like that guy from the bar you keep talking about .
Tom , You're back , come in please.How are you ?
You'll recover after a good night's sleep .
That's all right.Would you have a cup of coffee ?
Don't mention it .
It's my pleasure .
Thank you.Thank you for the trouble you've taken .
It ’ s so sad . They had been together for only two months . Do you know what the matter was ?
Really ? I ’ m very surprised . He doesn ’ t look like a guy who ’ d ever do that sort of thing , right ?
Maybe it is for the best . They are not suitable for each other because they have nothing in common and are completely different people .
He is an extrovert while she is an introvert . He likes parties while she hates them .
Anyway , she was right to end things and she deserves better .
No , I don ’ t think so . I know Mary . Once she makes a decision , she won ’ t change her mind .
So do I .
Sorry . Were you trying to sleep ?
I'm sorry . You're right . I should have asked .
Well , I like to play the piano .
About 18 years , I started learning when I was a kid .
Sure , so , what about you ? Do you have any hobbies ?
In summer I go hiking , and in winter I ski .
No , not at all . Glad to have you .
Not so good . I have a terrible cold .
Yeah , you're right .
No , I haven't .
Ugh !
Ha , she is unstoppable . I'm learning so much from her .
She's demanding . But I like that . I mean , I know our timeline is tight .
You guys are working around the clock , I know . That guy Dave next to Zina never leaves .
A ETV ? Are you serious ? ETV ?
I don't know . I never went to one .
Many Americans have never gone to a ETV . It ’ s not an American thing to do .
OK , let's go .
Where did you say ?
Right .
Is she really ? I can ’ t believe it !
Good gracious . That ’ s incredible !
You ’ re kidding .
Really ? I ’ m surprised .
Are you thinking about a public school or a private one ?
Public schools are usually state funded , whereas private schools usually get their funding elsewhere .
One isn't necessarily better than the other . It depends a lot on the school administration and the teachers .
Yes , sometimes .
How many credits for each course ?
Thank you , sir , I'm sure I will .
That's okay . I can explain a little .
Don't worry . You can't lose all your money.because you won't gamble all your money .
Of course I'm right . I already told you the rule for Las Vegas . Remember ?
That's right . That's the best way to have control over yourself.You say to yourself . Tonight I will gamble fifty dollars . Only fifty dollars . No more.If you follow the rule , you can't lose more than fifty dollars .
But I won't let you do that . I will watch you .
So how much do you want to gamble ?
500 dollars ! That's too much ! You just said you are afraid to lose your money.If you're afraid , why do you want to gamble 500 dollars ?
That is a bad attitude to have , Karen ! If you think that way , Las Vegas will be really dangerous for you .
Cheer up ! Let bygones be bygones .
It seems you have to take time .
I ’ m so sorry I ’ m late . But Henry ’ s car broke down .
I don ’ t like your Rose . And I do love Henry . And I ’ m going to marry him .
Your Rose is a fool .
Why don ’ t you marry Rose , then ?
I'm sorry that I'm late . I couldn't find the room .
What are we doing ?
May I have a book ?
Fine ! How are you ?
I've come to tell you I'm going to the concert this evening.Will you come with me ? I've two complimentary tickets .
It will be held at the Music Hall .
It's a piano recital . I'm fond of piano , you know .
Me , too . I've heard so much about you .
I was looking forward to your arrival .
Yes , I watched once .
Well , honestly speaking , I went to watch it out of curiosity . I ’ d say it ’ s really a special art form .
Really ? Good for you .
What class are you trying to take ?
Well , there are only two classes open .
One class is on Tuesday and Thursday from 2 p . m . to 4 .
That class is from ten to twelve on Monday and Wednesday .
Yes , I am sure .
Very well then .
What ’ s up ?
America ? Did you get admit to MIT ?
Congratulations ! Susan . I ’ m so happy for you .
Really going to miss you .
Ok . Take care . Have a nice journey .
Look after yourself . Bye .
I am always on the look out for such girls .
Mark is one of them . He has trouble with a girl who turned out to be a dead beat .
Yes . I dare say it will be .
No . I don ’ t think that ’ s possible . Some places are sure to be open .
Mmm , you may be right .
No . We couldn ’ t possibly .
It will be summer . So it will be hot .
Yes . It could happen .
Cool ! Each contact comes in its own saline solution ?
Wow ! How high-class ... a new pair for each day ...
Cool . So are you near-sighted or far-sighted ?
not much . Last night I met this great guy at the bar and we had such a wonderful time that we decided to meet again tonight .
well , I didn't think so at first . But as we started talking , I found his extremely funny and witty . I couldn't stop laughing at his jokes ! We have so much in common . We like the same teams , music , a
there's nothing definite I think . I don't have a list or anything , but when I first meet somebody , I can usually tell whether or not that person is going to be a good friend . It seems I have radar h
I agree . You can't expect a close relationship with a dishonest person . Those are the people that will turn their back on you when you are in need .
Yes , I am studying in Eastern Asian language department .
I major in Japanese .
It's very helpful.the course has let me into a world of literature . i read so many great literatures .
It's going to rain .
no , we're not . We've been drifting apart for a while .
we did , but since she started her new job , all she does is hang out with her new friends from work .
I could , but all they ever talk about is work , so I always end up feeling left out .
I tried that a few weeks ago and she ended bringing a pal from work with her ! She's so busy these days that it's just impossible to hang out with her .
you're right . She would never talk about me behind my back or hold a grudge . But she just doesn't seem very interested in our friendship anymore .
I've given her enough time . I'm over it now .
I think I just have to accept the fact that it's time for us to go our separate ways .
Of course , I like flowers .
I like peach blossom , because I like spring .
Yes . How about you ?
You have a perfect taste !
Yes . It's snowing outside . Let's enjoy the plum blossoms .
I'm from Canada .
What are the movies that are playing ?
I've never seen a movie I don't like that had Harrison Ford in it .
Yes . What time does it start and do you want to meet me there ?
Great ! I have a coupon for free popcorn at that theater !
Wow , sounds chaotic ... two thousand people in the streets carrying picket signs and shouting slogans . What gave them the motivation to finally organize and call management on the substandard working conditions ?
So what kind of demands do they have ? What are they asking for specifically ?
Oh , why not ?
Oh , I ’ m sorry to hear that . Hey , don ’ t worry about the dinner . We ’ ll do it some other time . But you take care of yourself .
I think a mountain village is splendid !
It has fresh air , and it is nicer than a big town .
But I like the small mountain village . The big town is noisy . How charming it is when walking along the hill !
We're sorry you have to leave .
Certainly . Come back soon .
to be honest , I wouldn't .
not really . But it has puzzled me for a long time .
my husband and I prefer to have no kids , but my mother-in-law is very traditional and wants grandkids .
yes . It seems she can never accept a childless marriage . We had a fight last night .
but it's absolutely our own business to have a child or not .
you know , I often overhear our neighbor , the young couple , fighting about how to raise their kid and I really don't want kids to spoil our happiness .
I guess you're right . But I still prefer to have no child .
Why , this is the most interesting film !
But it's only a film .
Eighty-five dollars . If my bid is the highest after three more days , I win ! It's fun !
But they won't ! I checked the seller's history , and he got good reviews from other buyers .
You are so paranoid ! Not everybody is a crook , you know .
Give me a minute .
There you go .
What's wrong ?
What's so bad about it ?
Sorry about that .
Well , let me talk to my manager , okay ?
Sorry , madam . You have to wait your turn . The parking lot is full .
Madam , patience is a virtue .
I'm sure a spot will open up soon .
I'm worried , Tom . I haven't seen any other cars for almost an hour .
I told you we should have stayed in town today.The weather report said 100 percent chance of snow.Why did you want to come up here ?
Well , now we're stuck . What can we do ?
I've heard that when this happens , it's important to save energy .
We're stranded here , Tom . We may be here a long time.We need to conserve the gas in the car . The car's energy is what will keep us warm .
Yes , but the gas and the battery both have to stay working.We can't just let the car run and run.If we do , it will die soon . Then we'll freeze .
Turn the lights off.Then , run the car and the heater only about fifteen minutes every hour.That will conserve the heat as long as possible .
I wish we hadn't come up here . Now we'll probably be here for days .
Yes , it happens.That is what happens in big snowstorms . People get stranded for days .
Probably we'll survive.But turn the car off for about forty-five minutes . Then we'll turn it on again .
I don't really feel like a walk .
All right.That sounds more interesting .
I have had enough gin fizz and bloody mary . But I have no idea about Chinese cocktails .
That ’ s good .
Thank you . Oh , it tastes excellent .
The news goes so fast . Ah , yes , I haven't decided yet .
Maybe you are right . But the major is not fit for me . I like architecture more than computers .
Well , I know . So I am thinking now .
Thank you for your kindness . I will think about it carefully .
My mom phoned me this morning , and asked me to go back home to have housework chores .
God knows . Speaking of chores , I would rather do some washing than cooking .
I really hope that I could sleep like a log all through two nights . But ... Some one said that weekends are a bit like rainbows ; they look good from a distance but disappear before we get up close to them .
I am hurrying .
I can't figure out which dress to wear .
And you ’ re going to completely transform your eating habits , right ?
I ’ Ve heard this one before .
Well , I guess we ’ ll just have to wait and see .
Which one will you be going to ?
Sure , I've been meaning to visit that place myself .
OK , can I bring a date with me ?
Yes . that is a very good idea . It would be a shame if we could not find a place to sit .
I'll be there . Oh , is there a cover charge at the bar ?
I want to make sure I bring enough money for my date and I .
One last question.Is there a dress code there ?
Perfect . I wanted to have a casual evening tonight .
Okay . See you then .
Table tennis .
Not really , but I like watching .
Not at all , Sam .
It is very common in the winter in Ottawa .
What brand ?
Soda or water ?
All right . Please wait for a minute .
No . what's it like ?
Would you want to live there ?
What's your dreamhole like then ?
Would you want to buy an old cottage or build a new one yourself ?
Is that why you wear second-hand clothes as well ? Because they've got character ?
I see . If you lived in an old house , would it be decorated in a modern way ?
Of course . I can't live without it , so I always bring my CD with me no matter where I go .
Light music and classic music .
But I didn't get the ticket . And it is said that they were sold out yesterday .
Amazing ! I can imagine the feeling when I hear the smooth tune around my ears .
I ’ m so sorry , and I will pay much attention to it later .
I spend most of my spare time reading . And I subscribe to various newspapers , magazines and periodicals .
I am interested in science fiction .
Thanks to you . I'm totally pumped up .
I surely am . But still there is one single problem .
I eat more and more these days . And it puts even more weight on me .
I'd love to do that . What do you recommend ?
Do you think it's a good option for health and relaxation ?
I can so that .
How did it go ?
No . Actually I can stay longer . Dave called to say that there is a beautiful Chinese girl who ’ s going to pick me up at the school gate tonight at ten thirty instead of eight thirty .
Yeah . You know what Dave just said ?
He said I should put on something very nice , because this girl will be my next target .
He always makes fun of me . He always says things like that . You know the new coming teacher , a Chinese Canadian . He said she would really be my chance .
No , you ’ re kidding . I ’ m not taking it seriously .
What's the cause ?
I see why it lags behind other towns .
Yes , she is .
No , she is an English teacher .
You mean the man wearing jeans ? He ’ s her little brother .
I ’ Ve been to most of the countries in Europe , several countries in asia , china , Japan , korea , and Thailand , and to the united states and Canada .
no , but I ’ m planning on visiting Australia and New Zealand soon . I ’ Ve heard that they are beautiful countries . Which is the most beautiful country you ’ Ve been to ?
isn ’ t it really cold there ?
I ’ Ve been to other Scandinavian countries , but not to Norway . Perhaps I should go and do some winter sports there .
Nothing . He's just got a chip on the shoulder .
A friend and I are planing to go out , why ? what's up ?
I am afraid I can't I am going to be out all day .
I wish I could , but it's my mums birthday .
Much as I ' d like to , I am afraid i wont be free next week , I have a lot of work .
I am really sorry too , maybe I can give you a call sometime .
Fine , thanks . How's your boy , Jack ?
Poor boy . They work hard at school nowadays , don't they ? Does he like it ?
Yes , it does . Does he go to school by bus ?
What does he do when it rains ?
Yeah .
Oh , my mother is a German , so I can speak German .
Yeah , I'm eager to learn Chinese , but it is too difficult for me .
Very Good . I'd like to do that .
How about tomorrow night ?
Thank you.That ' s the result of exercise.By the way , do you work out ?
Fine .
Thank you . I just consider working as part of my life .
What's he like ?
You must feel very uneasy at his home .
Lizzy who ?
Of course I do .
You mean Mary ?
Sure . I know her elder sister Sue and younger sister Mary .
Yes , certainly . I know her mother and father , and brother and sisters , too .
Why do you ask me these questions ?
Yes . But I'm not used to eating American-style breakfast .
I saw yesterday that they rent windsurfers at the beach . I want to rent one .
No , but it looks fun . I always wanted to try it .
Sure . What ?
But I always wanted to try it .
Well , I will see . How was your day at the office ?
Don ’ t worry . I don't think you ’ re going to lose your job over one mistake .
But it wasn ’ t just you who was involved , right ? You were only doing what your supervisor told you to do .
Let ’ s think realistically about what might happen . How much money do you have in your savings ?
Well , you can't have everything . Let's just figure out what you will do if you lose your job . When is your contract up on your apartment ?
Well , that ’ s good . If you lose your job , you can just move in with me until you find another job . That will save you plenty of money .
If you lose your job , you just have to go for a few months without buying all the junk you usually buy . If you live frugally , you ’ ll save plenty of money .
Sure , what's up ?
Tell me which building it's in .
I know where the C building is .
Of course , which room number is it ?
I actually have a class right around there .
I can do that .
Snipers ?
So you're afraid someone is going to snipe your Buddha ?
Count me out . I can do without shills and snipers and turbo-bidders .
Well , I ’ Ve already got a job waiting for me back in my hometown .
I ’ m planning on living with my parents . Won ’ t you ?
You mean they ’ re kicking you out ?
Well , it ’ s not like my parents want me to live at home the rest of my life . They said that it ’ s ok if I move back home to begin with , but they want me to find a place of my own after a year or so .
I know I need to learn that myself , but I just don ’ t have the money for it at the moment . Living at home allows me to save up some money before I started finding a place .
I ’ d love to , but you know I ’ Ve got another appointment . I ’ m really sorry .
I ’ m afraid not , George . You gotta know something , I ’ m not available any more . but I know Becky has a crush on ya .
Well , we have the Thompsons , the Greens , and the Anderson , about twelve people total .
But that makes thirteen people ! We can't have thirteen people for dinner on Friday !
It's an old superstition . If we have thirteen people at the table , then it means bad luck . Can Andy bring a date ?
But we can't have thirteen for dinner !
Absolutely not ! I refuse to have thirteen people for dinner on Friday !
That's better .
I know what you mean .
Yes , he did the same to me .
Temple fair ?
Sounds interesting !
I just can't wait to see them . Which one do you choose today ?
Great ! Do you know how to get there ?
Couldn't be better .
I hope nothing is wrong .
What's the matter ?
Oh , no . Is it serious ?
Of course . I'm sorry for your daughter .
Not at all .
Yes , I hope so . I would like to register for Comp Lit 287 .
I know . I already tried to register for it by phone , but the computer won't let me .
But I'm a new student here . I thought maybe there was some way I could get into the class . I thought I should come and talk to you in the department office .
My name is Karen Huang . That's spelled H - U - A - N - G .
I'm a comparative literature major .
Yes , that's right .
That's why I'm trying to get into Comp Lit 287 . I know it's a required class.And Professor Cohen told me I need to take it .
Even if the class is full ?
Oh , I didn't know that .
Thank you . So you think I will be able to get in with this ?
Thanks .
Where ? Oh , that's Henry .
He's very nice , actually , but rather eccentric .
Yes , but he may be too eccentric even for you .
Well , haven't you heard ?
Well , apparently , he's been having an affair with his secretary .
According to Mary , he's divorcing his wife and there's a big fight going on about the children . I thought everyone knew .
Oh . Thanks . Look , I must just go and say hello to someone . I'll be right back .
That is a heavy raining afternoon . I was standing under the eaves of a shop to evade the heavy rain . It's getting dark .
I was trembling in the wind when he ran to me with an umbrella in his hand and asked , ' Where is your home ? '
Yeah .
He joked later that I was so poor that he had a kind of impulse to protect an ant .
I'm from Germany .
Yeah , but I can speak English , too .
A little French .
Gee ! You scared me !
Yes , Ma'am . No magazines during the office hours . I'm sorry .
It is about sports for white-collar workers , people like you and me .
Aerobic sports , for example , jogging , yoga , skating ...
Stretching exercise after sitting a long time .
Can I have my magazine back now ?
Did you watch NBA games before you came to the U . S . ?
What a pity !
Yes , of course .
Kobe .
Let's go to watch an NBA game tonight , shall we ?
Sure ! What kind of food would you like ?
I know the perfect place !
It's right past that last building on the left . Do you want me to go with you ?
Glad you asked me to join you . This will be fun !
Oh , what does it say ? Does it say water could still exist under the surface of Mars ?
Then could the soil on Mars somehow be fertile enough to Groh simple plants ?
Actually , we are doing a project in school that involves landing a ship and staying on Mars for an extended period of time . Does NASA have any type of portable habitats that could be used to stay on the planet ?
One of the most exciting things about Mars is that there could have bean life on it . What are your personal opinions on the life on Mars theory ?
But maybe there is a chance of gradually improving the surface and atmosphere of Mars so it may be inhabitable by humans .
I'd still like to hope that some day we could set up a human colony there .
Not a bad idea .
Well , let ’ s see . I ’ d like to go to see the Summer Palace .
Our science field trip is next Monday at 8 a . m . in the morning . Can you mark that on your calendar ?
That will be Monday , December 2nd . We need to start loading the buses half an hour early , so plan to arrive at 7 .
We will return 6 days later on December 8th . Will someone be picking you up ?
The return bus will leave the campground at 5 p . m . and return to campus 3 hours later at 8 p . m .
I am going to post all of that information on the geology club web page . Check it out when you get a chance . See you Monday !
Hi .
OK .
It's huge !
There must be about 50 computers in here .
Do I have to take gym ?
Tell me about it ! It's like the whole world is broiling .
I hope it's not gonna break into three digits
Well , I just hope it'll level off .
I guess so . What else can we do ? You can ’ t stay in the heat for long .
Well , I've been practising for 5 weeks .
No , once I did 32 .
I was away for my vacation .
Good . I wish I could have another vacation .
sure . Have you got anywhere in mind ?
that Italian restaurant in the city centre always has large portions . Do you want to go there ?
if you want spicy food , then I'd recommend going to a Thai , Indian or Chinese restaurant . How about that Chinese buffet on Cowley Road ?
you're right . Most of their dishes have sweet sauces . We could try that Indian restaurant just down the road from us .
the Taj it is then .
they'll still charge us a corkage fee .
don't worry about money . I'll treat you tonight .
no , I'll pay . It's my turn anyway . You paid last time .
Bob and I plan to play hockey in the morning .
Well , in the afternoon , after a long nap , we ’ ll go yachting with Nora .
How about you ? What are you going to do tomorrow ?
I ’ d stay over there , if I were in your shoes .
See your problem ? You get so restless when it ’ s time to calm down .
Joe ? I don't know what you mean .
Oh , I took a shine to him when we met for the first time . But it comes and goes .
Whew ! Thanks , Karen . That car almost hit me .
Those poor Egyptians slaves worked so hard and you want to give aliens all the credit !
OK , but don't believe everything you see on The X-files , either !
Yes . I moved here last week .
I'm Charlie . Nice to meet you .
Since we live in the same neighbourhood , maybe we can help each other from now on .
Thank you . I will .
From mid-November , snow started to pile up in Ottawa .
Although the weather here is very cold , the people are warm .
This really has been a wonderful holiday for us . Shall we take a walk around the pond or into those woods for a while ?
No , not really . I had thought we'd stay in Hamburg tonight , but we can't unless we rush it . Let's stay in Bremen instead . Tomorrow we can have lunch in Hamburg , then check into a hostel in Copenhagen and have dinner there .
Sure . We can walk around to that path that leads into the woods there . Hey , look ! There are some wild ducks over there in the reeds .
I used to go hunting with my uncle , that's how .
No . She was right . I was too nervous . I kept thinking , What if we blow it ?
She even stayed at a different hotel . She said I might be contagious .
Hello , Mary , where do you work ?
Is the pay good ?
Hey Matt . I'm going to ask Martha to marry me ?
I always knew she was the one , but I decided to pop the big question about 2 weeks ago . I'm just debating on how to do it .
So how did you propose ?
What do you think I should do ?
I never thought about that .
Asking her father in front of her . How do you think she will react ?
I think that's the idea I was looking for . Thanks , man .
On this occasion , most people do .
She is a beautiful bride .
Are you crying ?
Harris and Anne are perfect for each other .
You and Tom also make a great couple .
For the wedding ?
Try to catch this bouquet then .
I'm not sure.Let me have a look ... It could be a coffee grinder .
Yes , it must be used for grinding coffee beans .
Yeah . How's everything going ?
Just alive ? I guess you are some lucky guy . I heard you are going out with Jane .
Oh , come on . Jane is a very nice girl , someone you meet only once till lifetime .
Well , I really envy you for finding such a nice girl .
No , that's not right . I didn't order a coffee . I ordered a cola .
Waiter !
It's not that . There's an animal in my soup .
I've never been to such a dirty restaurant , and never seen such slow service .
I suppose I do .
You said it .
It sure is .
Well , If you live in other as long enough you love them just as much .
Me too . I ’ ll see you after work , huh ?
Sure . Meet me at five .
Oh , I'm hoping to take courses in my vacation .
thanks . This is my power suit . I have a dinner date tonight .
she's a friend of Amy . We met at Amy's birthday party .
yes . I hope it pans out . Cross your fingers , Lily .
oh ... so you buried the hatchet with Steven ?
then who will you meet tonight ?
really ? Are you sure this is a good idea ?
I know , but remember to meet in a public place and don't give out your personal information .
Yeah well it ’ s about time ! He ’ s been living with his parents for 40 years !
Who are those kids walking down the aisle ?
I just hope the priest makes it quick . I ’ m starving . I hope the food ’ s good at the reception .
Oh great ! Does this mean that the reception is canceled ?
Oh , no ! I can't have failed . surely ?
Whatever am i going to tell me parents .
What am I to do ?
The tall one ? Sure , that's Drive , he works with Lily .
I'm not sure , he is a manager I think .
Well , he has already taken you know , that's his wife right there .
Hello , my name is Paula . Nice to meet you !
Yeah , some places are very short of water .
You see , . This time I traveled to the West . When I looked out of the windows of the rain , all the lands that I could see are as dry as a bone .
Rich struck it rich in advertising . And he and Cath got married and just had a child .
Teresa Jones got a boob job .
I've got something . You saw Taylor Smith ? Looks terrible , doesn't he ? I heard he ...
Oh I ’ m learning very slowly . I think Chinese is more difficult than English .
Maybe , but I think people usually learn English more quickly than Chinese .
Maybe that ’ s why your English is much better than my Chinese .
Thank you . You're very kind .
Sure , honey , we ’ re talking now , aren ’ t we ?
Yeah . I know .
You know , I think you ’ re awesome .
Honey ...
Baby , I love you so much .
I love you . And I think you ’ re awesome .
Come on . Put the gun down .
How do you do ? Mr . Barker .
Oh , Parker with a P ?
Er ... I ’ m Barker .
Yes , with a B .
Thank you , Mr . Parker .
Better take the subway . It ’ s faster and more convenient .
We have a rather comprehensive subway system here . we can get almost anywhere rather quickly on the subway . Especially at this time of a day when the traffic is heavy .
Just give the man standing there three yuan and he'll give you a token . Then you slip it into slot at the turnstile and push the turnstile to get in .
Where can I get the subway Madam ?
Do I have to pay additional fare to change train ?
Is it horror movie ?
No way . I will be scared out of my wits .
Er , let me see . Romance , comedy , documentary , action , science fiction , cartoon and so on .
Yeah , It seems like we don't talk the same language as far as movies are concerned .
The Terminal is a movie of this type .
Yeah , I could hardly wait to see it .
Uh , yes .
Yes . I commute five days a week by train .
It ’ s really very good .
Well , trains are frequent and come on time .
I usually take the 5 thirty home .
No , I usually have to stand .
Yes , it ’ s reasonably fast but it certainly isn ’ t cheap . Fares have gone up25 % .
Hi , Don . What a surprise !
Have you noticed what has changed ?
Yes . I ’ m on a diet , but I ’ Ve not taken anything . I just eat less and exercise more . And it really worked in the past three months . I ’ Ve lost twelve pounds .
What kind of exercise do you think I do ? I just go to dance everyday after work . I ’ m taking an amateur dance class . I dance two hours everyday .
Sure . Join my class next week .
I'm doing business through Internet now .
Yes , very good .
It is very convenient . You know you can browse the website and send e-mails to your customers at any time .
Also it has low cost , and you know you only need to pay the fee of Internet , which is very cheap .
To be frank , sometimes it is not so safe as doing business through traditional ways .
Yes , but if you choose some good B2B websites , such problems can be avoided .
Of course , such as the Alabama , which is a famous website .
Cinct de mayo ?
Do we get a day off from school then ?
Www , man !
Cool ! Is that why we only work eight hours now ?
And then what happened ?
Yeah . She's a healthy beautiful girl .
She is tired , but getting a lot of rest now .
I'm just glad there were no complications .
It's been a week , and I haven't slept that well .
Yeah , but it's so hard . I have to work , and then go home and take care of my wife and the baby . I'm going to get sick at this rate .
That's true . I should make sure my wife and baby stay healthy during this time .
Um ... well , actually , we had a fantastic time last night . He was ... amazing !
He ’ s really good looking . he ’ s quite tall , around 61 , he ’ s in his early thirties , and he ’ s got the most beautiful dark brown eyes ...
You know what , this is the best part . David is a junior investment banker at Fortune Bank , so he ’ s got a great career path ahead of him !
Yeah ?
I have no idea yet . Do you have any suggestions ?
I'd like to .
OK , will do !
I don't know .
Yes .
It is not true .
Well , I confess . I did it , because I urgently need money to buy some medicine for my mother for she is badly ill . I'm ashamed that I did that .
I will .
I don ’ t know ! This stupid old car started spewing white smoke and it just died on me . Luckily , I managed to start it up and drive it here . What do you think it is ?
What do you mean ? My daddy gave me this car for my birthday last month . It ’ s brand new !
Ugh ... So how long is this going to take ? An hour ?
What ! How am I supposed to get to school or go shopping ? This is not happening !
Yes , a little breeze and a lovely moon .
Me , too .
That is a deadly risky business . He should have it coming on him .
I bet he is . He domed his own life .
Yes , I like it very much .
Where is it ?
Have you visited it before ?
Like what ?
Sounds marvelous .
Great . I will prepare some clothes and food for the climbing .
Frank has gone out with Lucy again .
Lucy is known as a social butterfly . She has taken many rich men for a ride , you know .
To tell you the truth , it's the most tedious course I'ever had .
It is still a mystery to me .
Of course . I always keep what I catch .
If it's within the legal limit , I prefer to keep it .
Thanks , June . But I think I need to be certified as a mechanic before I ’ m allowed to repair cars for a living .
I guess I never thought of that before .
Wow , you ’ Ve inspired me to do something !
Well , I have the day off from work .
Well , I ’ Ve been working so hard lately , so I ’ ll probably just take it easy .
Yeah , I ’ ll probably just stay in and relax . Maybe watch a few movies .
Sure . Any time .
Haven ’ t you heard ? Richard was fired by our manager .
Believe it or not . Everybody is talking about it in the company .
Me too .
It's very nice , I like it very much .
My pleasure . But I'm afraid I'm not much of a dancer .
Oh , really ? But you're doing the tango wonderfully well .
Thank you for your compliments . It's just that you are a good leader . Do you like the samba and waltz ?
Waltz is my favorite . I like it better than any other dances .
My pleasure . Let's go and have a drink .
I need to return a book .
I want to check this magazine out .
Why not ?
So what am I allowed to check out ?
I need to check out this magazine .
That doesn ’ t make any sense .
That's nice of you .
Wonderful .
Really ? I didn't realize it was so late .
I have no idea . Maybe I will sleep for the whole day .
Sounds interesting . Who are the other people ?
Gorgeous ! What should I bring on that day ?
You mean , we can do many other things after the picnic , right ?
What are we waiting for ? Come on !
I'm really into watching foreign films . what about you ?
camping for an evening is ok , but I couldn't do it for much longer than one night !
no , but I've always wanted to do that . I've heard it's a beautiful place to go .
do you have any photos of any of your camping trips there ?
that'd be great . What kind of camera do you have ?
so , you must be pretty interested in photography then .
actually , I do . I took quite a few photography classes at University .
yes , I was planning on going . Are you ?
that'd be great . what time should I meet you there ?
sounds great . see you then .
Well , I go to the gym a lot . I am a member of a gym nearby .
About three times a week if I can .
Not really . I ’ d really like to try golf , though .
Wow , that's great !
The day before yesterday . I only visited Montreal and Ottawa , but I had a great time .
That's hard to say ... I think Ottawa is prettier.It has better sightseeing , too . A lot of museums and galleries .
Montreal is more exciting . It has better shopping.The stores are cheaper and more interesting .
Oh , Montreal of sure . It has more restaurants and clubs.They say Montreal is the most exciting city in Canada .
You can't help learning when you're using it all day . You'll see . A few weeks ' study in the school will have a similar effect on you .
Oh , she likes keeping us on our toes by getting us use English throughout the class . She doesn't mind your making mistakes , though .
I accidentally knocked it off the table and it broke . I'm really sorry .
I'll be right back . I just need to mail this package .
Well , I studied French at school , but I ’ Ve forgotten most of it . I learnt some Russian while I was studying there and now I study Spanish in evening classes . Do you speak Japanese at home with your pa
How do you find studying a language on the internet ?
I bet you find the character difficult to write !
So , you can read and write much better than you speak and understand other speakers , right ?
In a way , it ’ s similar to your experience of learning Chinese . Some Spanish words are very similar to English ones . But I need to practise listening to native speakers and saying the words myself .
He quit
Is this absolutely necessary ?
Will you be able to make up the work you missed ?
Remember that I will only let you miss one class meeting per semester .
Could you e-mail me this week as a reminder ?
Make good use of that day off ; you'll only have one this semester !
The system of public schools is fairly uniform everywhere throughout the United States .
Most public schools in the United States are very good , and the majority of students attend the public schools .
Children needing special instruction . Children whose parents can afford to send them to private schools , and children whose parents want them to receive a religious education .
No , public schools can be very different . Even in the same city .
The public schools in the United States are free to everyone and there is no cost to the student . In most states , even the textbooks are free . There are no restrictions as to color , race , or religion.Any student wishing to attend the public schools may do so .
I ’ m afraid I ’ m already booked up for next Sunday . But thank you just the same .
What ?
Oh , how awful . What a terrible thing to do .
Well , maybe they've got a point . I mean , I suspect that they think the same about us .
I guess not . My view is that we should give in to their demands , so that innocent people can stop getting killed .
Well , that's probably true , but I don't think we should be dogmatic about it . A colleague of mine was kidnapped once , so perhaps I have a different view of things .
Well , it was in the Balkans during the war . He was only held for three days , and then they simply released him . It was a case of mistaken identity , and they just let him go when they found out he was no use to them . It was lucky they didn't kill him .
Fine , thank you .
Very well , thank you . I ’ m meeting my wife and daughter for lunch at 12 , would you care to join us ?
Oh , this ? I got it in Singapore . Here , do you want to take a look ?
Yes , it is , isn't it ? A bit too light , really . What make have you got ?
Wow , that's really old .
Why don't you get a new one ?
Really , what makes you say that ?
Sometimes , but I guess not very often . It's more for fun . Sometimes when I'm on a trip , for example , I can take a picture and send it to my kids . Or I can send a picture of a sample back to my office and get it costed up immediately .
Three . Two boys and a girl .
Oh , that ’ s alright .
No . Please don ’ t . I couldn ’ t let you do that .
He borrowed it from Nick .
He was too desperate to find some other way .
Yes , are you ?
You do know that it's absolutely freezing out , don't you ? I'd put a coat on if I were you .
Well , it's started raining since then . Look out the window ! It's pouring rain out there !
It does , actually . Maybe we should wait for it to clear up before we go shopping .
Ok . I'll go move the car if you turn the heat on . It's a bit chilly in here .
I don't know . The weatherman didn't say anything about this in his weather report last night .
I don't think we have anything to worry about . Do you want to put on a cup of tea as well ?
If I'm not back in ten minutes , come and find me .
Almost . I ’ Ve put up the decorations , and we ’ Ve decorated the Christmas tree with plenty of tinsel and baubles .
I ’ Ve prepared most of it already and we ’ Ve got plenty of snack foods-you know , crisps , biscuits , and things . Are you going to make the punch ?
I think everyone will be coming . Dave don ’ t come because he has to go to his parent ’ s home and they live in Scotland .
Yes , we do . I hope we have enough for everyone . Did you send out all your Christmas cards in time ?
I did the same . I spent hours yesterday evening wrapping presents . I hope I didn ’ t forget to buy anyone something !
That must be a long love story .
They have made it . Will our love last 50 years ?
I'm sorry . Am I keeping you awake ?
I'm sorry . I thought you wouldn't mind .
Pretty good . Where are you going ?
Wait . We have to return to our homeroom and wait to be dismissed .
Our homeroom teacher has to take attendance again to make sure that we're all here .
Yeah . I'm going to my locker to get my jacket . Catch you later .
What ? You have been in love for six years , haven ’ t you ?
What a pity .
Oh , it's really a drag .
Hell with it ! Nobody will give it an Academy award !
Sure . Speaking of photos , what type of film will be the best ? You know , I'm planning a tour to Jiuzhaigou Valley .
Thank you so much . You're an expert .
Well , I was born in Ohio , but I grew up in Texas .
In 1978 . I went to college here .
Drama . I was an actor for five years after college .
Because I needed the money . And because I was good at it . Look ! What do you think ?
Very well . We ’ Ve got everything taken care of already .
Neither of us is very religious , so we decided not to get married there .
Yes . The Palace Hotel . You have to be there .
I can't agree with you . She's pretty , but she always blows hot and cold .
She's my sister , you know .
Nothing . Maybe it is just the weather . Rainy days often make me feel a little sad .
Sure . But it is too cold today . I have to put on warm clothes and look stupid .
Thanks , Denise . Actually , I was really surprised . I mean , there were a lot of qualified people out there .
Thanks a lot . I expect to see your name nominated pretty soon , too . You ’ Ve been doing some great work !
There ’ s so much I want to do . I ’ Ve just finished sending lots of emails to friends and family all over the world . I just ran a search for music to download .
Thanks . That would be very helpful . I ’ Ve discovered that it can take a long time to find exactly what you want . There ’ s too much information on the net .
Yes , I did . There ’ s an anti-virus program with my email account that scans all attachments , so I ’ m sure I haven ’ t sent anything nasty to anyone .
That ’ s good advice . I should also be careful about giving out confidential information about myself , such as my password and credit car number .
How do I do that ?
That ’ s useful to know . Thanks . I ’ ll just log off and shout down my computer and we can go for a coffee .
Come off it .
Why not ?
Hum , I think there's enough for one more , yes .
Nice to meet you , George . I'm Irene .
I'm in computing . I work for Macrohard .
What do you do ?
It seems to be . How about you today ?
OK , I'll find the time to relax soon .
You know , if I can keep up my workouts , I think I have a chance in 2004 .
In gymnastics . I'm pretty flexible . Look ! I can even touch my toes !
I do back flips at the pool all the time .
When are you off ?
Well , good-bye . See you soon .
You said it . We ’ er breathing poisonous air every day .
I absolutely agree with you .
I can't come until next week .
Thanks , I'll see you around Wednesday then .
Oh , that's George . He looks very drunk .
Oh , he's really reserved , normally . But , from what I hear , he's got lots of problems .
Well , off the record , of course , but I hear that he's got terrible debts . He has his own company , and it's not going very well .
Really ? What makes you say that ?
I know , that's the problem . He can't find any customers . It's a pity , really , because his products are very good . Oh , that reminds me . Did I tell you about my new laptop ?
Oh , really ?
Yes , I'll have another cocktail .
Absolutely .
OK . I'll wait here for you .
When ? I saw him well last month .
How terrible !
That black sheep . It serves him right .
It ’ s too late .
Yes , it is . Kelly ?
Do you have a cold ?
Oh , no ! What about your presentation today ?
I understand . What should I tell Mr . Morley ?
Alright . Have you been to see a doctor ?
Do you think you'll be able to come in tomorrow ? Or should I call off your appointments for tomorrow too ?
It's rainy weather today . Maybe it's better if you just stay inside.Make yourself some chicken soup and sleep .
That bad , huh ?
Well , I'll cancel your appointments for today . And I'll tell Mr . Morley .
Hope you feel better .
I am on my way out to a New Year ’ s banquet . How do I look ? Is my make-up OK ?
Do you think I should wear a different dress ?
Thanks for saying . Do you have any ideas which necklace I should wear ?
Thanks for helping out . Now that I ’ m ready , what are you doing tonight ?
Sounds fun . Anyone I know ?
Sounds Like I'm missing out on a good time . Oh , well , there is always next year .
I'm not an expert , but that's the impression I have .
Needless to say , as a Westerner , it's bread .
Study English .
It gives me great satisfaction .
I don't mind the work . I think it's worthwhile .
Just okay .
Good idea .
No , I can ’ t accept it . Business is business .
It is , isn't it ?
What do you mean ?
She is a grow-up . She can make her own decision .
Hey , Julie . How's it going ?
Who were you talking to ?
You look so happy . I see a twinkle in your eyes .
Oh , you have a crush on someone , don't you ? Maybe those are wedding bells in your eyes !
Well , that's easy . Walk up to him and kiss him .
Steve , I was born ready ! I ’ m going to blow you guys off the treadmill today .
Let ’ s hit the whirlpool for a bit . It ’ ll help me loosen up .
Well , it doesn't seem like it.He must have forgotten .
Don ’ t think any more about it .
It ’ s really not necessary . I know your intention was good .
Yeah .
Yes . I bet my bottom dollar that he will get promoted .
Partly , and he's also a hardworking man .
Well , let's see.Why don't we go dancing for a change ? We haven't done that for a long time .
Hmm.Well , in that case , we could go to the movies .
Well , do you have any suggestions ?
It's OK with me , but we don't have any beer and things .
OK .
I'm glad too . Steven , I want to tell you that I'm going to divorce my wife .
We don't get along well with each other and fight a lot .
That isn't true . Actually , we have been separated for six months .
Thank you , Steven . I accept your advice .
I'm glad too . Steven , I want to tell you that I'm going to divorce my wife .
We don't get along well with each other and fight a lot .
That isn't true . Actually , we have been separated for six months .
Thank you , Steven . I accept your advice .
That's a good idea . You'd better hurry up before they've filled all classes . Many people are learning how to drive now .
I am not sure . You can search for them on the Internet .
Let me see . teetee Training School , summer program , 3,000 Yuan , learn how to drive within one month , and get driver's license within three months .
I think so . Let's see the next one , 3,500 Yuan , summer program . Forget it .
Search on the Internet then , see if we can find something more about it .
Don't worry . Let's check out some other schools .
Yes , reading is my hobby .
Many kinds of books . When I was a child in elementary school , I enjoyed reading fables and science fiction . When I became to a teenager at middle school , I was interested in detective mystery stories . Now I like reading romance stories .
Why ?
Well , maybe .
What does she like to do ?
Sounds like she has pretty pricy tastes .
Have you thought about going in Dutch ?
Not where , what . Dutch means you both pay your own way .
Hi Jack , I'm working on these documents . The manager wants them for half an hour .
Is there something you need ?
Yes , I have nothing to do .
I beg your pardon ?
Really ? well , ok , you're welcome .
Hmm , how about seven ? I can treat you to dinner .
OK.Then I'll be expecting you .
nothing really . I think I've had a few too many coffees .
it's the only perk of this job ! How's your day going ?
why is that ?
your boss is a real salve-driver , isn't he ?
that's not just your boss . No one is allowed to send personal emails from the office .
maybe your boss isn't so horrible after all !
try not to let it bother you too much .
ok , I'll see you in a bit .
The bank closes in 30 minutes and I need to cash a check .
Thanks . But it's necessary for me to buy a TV set .
You can take me to the bank if you want to .
That was the straw that broke the camel's back .
We've heard about that festival before . It would be quite helpful if you could give us some highlights of the festival .
What do you think we can see during the festival ?
I'd like to take the one that goes to the Wild Animal Park .
Wow , must be interesting to watch dragon boats compete a-gainst one another on the city river .
You're right . We're not really into used stuff .
There aren't many places that sell used things in Taiwan , besides auction websites .
Great ! I can teach you men a thing or two about shopping !
They aren't evenly matched .
Yet the Argentine attacker is worth a bet .
Yes , but I ’ m afraid it ’ s still a mess . I haven ’ t put anything away yet .
Don ’ t say that . It looks like a dump now . I can ’ t stand it .
Unfortunately , yes .
I took a long walk through the neighborhood this morning on my way to the train station . It took me 20 minutes .
I thought paying a lower rent would be better , but now I ’ m not sure .
Yes , if you consider 7-11 is a supermarket .
That ’ s right , or I ’ m going to spend a lot of time walking .
Are you a full-time student or do you attend part-time in the evenings ?
Will you be riding a motorcycle or do you drive a car ?
That permit will run twenty-five dollars ; will that be cash or credit card ?
Do you need a second permit for a car ?
Fine , here it is and have a great semester !
Aah ! Close your eyes . You aren't supposed to see this .
You can't peek ! This is a surprise .
Here's one little hint . If you don't go out right now , this won't be under the tree .
And please shut the door and lock it behind you !
Keep it . I'm buying tonight .
Sure I can , my treat .
I think I'm making good progress .
At first it was , but now I've got the basics.It ' s fun .
Thank you . But I ’ m sorry I ’ m in a bad mood at the moment .
That movie's just a lot of noise , same as Simon .
I had to go by myself , he couldn't make it .
Kitty's ? He sure gets around , doesn't he ?
His excuse was familiar . He said his car died again .
I know . Last week he gave me a lie about being too busy .
Well , I think it's the time to pull the plug .
Thanks anyway , but I'll do it , Rebecca . Let's get to class .
As a matter of fact , I have . I ran into him just the other day .
Not too well . He had to have four teeth pulled last week .
I think so , too .
I'll be sure to do that .
What !
Chill out . It's just Kenny from South Park .
South Park is a popular cartoon . You're so out of it , Jen
Okay . Take your time .
What are you reading ?
Didn't he sell worthless stocks to people or something ? He got arrested for that , didn't he ?
If I remember , he got off with a light sentence . Something like three years in a minimum-security prison .
I think the government fined him a small amount , and he kept the rest in his foreign bank accounts . He's still a millionaire .
I know . And some poor guy that robs a liquor store makes $ 500 at most and ends up in jail for five to ten years .
So what's Michael Milliken up to these days ?
How did he make a fortune ?
Yeah , I quit .
I'm fed up with his boring lectures .
Of course we have . It's on the seventh day of the seventh lunar month .
It is said that the Cowherd and the Spinster , the lover stars in heaven , can only meet on the seventh Eve , so this day has become the Lover's Day .
Maybe you can't be so sure .
But some people use this occasion to create trouble . Have you heard of the Black Friday Virus on the computer ? It is designed to break out on every Friday the Thirteenth .
Well , going to a cinema , visiting the galleries , exhibitions and museums , finding and meeting old friends , exercising in the health club or mountain biking . There are so many good choices .
Why not start with the most interesting one ?
Toss a coin to decide then .
Yes , it's really a surprise . How are you ?
Oh , he is all right . But busy as usual . Well , why don't we have a good chat at a bar ? It's been long time since we met each other last time .
Yes , of course . This is a really wonderful party with interesting people and great food .
Thank you for the invitation .
Yes , I ’ d love another glass . You ’ re a wonderful host . Thank you for everything .
Sure , I think that would be possible . Where is the fundraiser ?
Would you need it for both Saturday and Sunday ?
I think that would be OK . Who will be driving it ?
Could you drop it off on Sunday night ?
Yes , that would be fine . Just make sure that everything is returned by Sunday night .
Morning , Lee . How are you ?
It ’ s my pleasure . I enjoyed working with you .
Then keep up the good work .
I don ’ t know .
Oh , I see .
It ’ s Saturday , a great weekend .
Don ’ t be angry with me . I have a bad memory .
What day is it on earth ?
Would you recommend some materials on the World War Two ?
Yes , but I don't think they are enough for me .
That's a good idea . Thanks a lot .
Yeah . They take the advantage of other people's hospitality and generosity .
You are still wet behind the ears . You should have seen through her .
It was terrific . I really enjoyed it .
I was there for about three weeks .
Yes , most of the time . But it snowed a lot in Chicago .
Oh , that's difficult to say . But I guess I liked Nashville the best .
Thank you . I have been working on it for several years .
It also helps that I have strong team members , such as yourself . You really know your stuff !
it was fantastic , but I'm glad to be back ! Being a tourist is really tiring !
because it's off-season , we got a really good package deal to Paris , so we went there .
that was the first thing we did . I have a few pictures . Do you want to see them ?
oh , that's a picture of me on our fourth day of travelling . I'm standing next to a famous foundation in the centre of the city .
no , by that time , I was sick of sightseeing . I had had enough of art galleries , cathedrals , fountains , statues , and palaces !
we spent that afternoon walking around a flea market . We had a few coffees , watched a movie , and went for a swim in the pool at the hotel .
of course ! You can't go to Paris without going to their famous art gallery ! I was surprised by how small the Mona Lisa was though .
She works as a teller in a bank .
Yes . She goes three times a week .
She wants to be a manager .
She takes classes in accounting and business .
Oh , never mind about that .
No , I won't hear of it .
Well . I am breaking up with Cathy .
No . She is really a very nice girl ...
Well , you are right . But sometimes she is too caring . Well , no ... she ’ s just possessive and I kind of want a break ... you know ... for some room for myself .
I've tried , but it didn't work .
Maybe tonight . I don't know . I don't know how to tell her .
I know ...
It was a good thing I had enough on me .
Mary told me that she had seen you with John last night . I got to know the fact that you are playing the field .
This is the specialty of our restaurant , sir .
Thank you for appreciating it .
What ? How happy you life is ! I do envy you .
Maybe you are right .
No , of course not . Just in case . Nothing to worry about . Don't you also do this in China ?
Oh , then it's my honor to be here with you . I can see now why you've been so curious about the bar . You like this place ?
Yeah . Other than that , the real feature is the excellent drinks . Can I have your ticket ?
Well , with the ticket , you can get a free drink . What would you like ? Orange juice ?
I'll show you how . The bar tenders know whose turn it is . And also , I can snap my fingers to catch his attention .
Oh , fresh juice , I love it . Well , I heard American people love hanging out in bars . Is that true ?
Interesting . Hey , look over there . The dance floor is already packed with people . Oh , the girl in red dances great .
Maybe later . I wanna take some photos first .
Thank you .
Yes . I'm leaving tomorrow . I came here just because I want to say good-bye to you .
I'll miss you too , my friends .
Really ? I thought he loved his wife very much .
He deserved it .
It's an excellent one . I like it very much .
It includes a lot of useful words and phrases .
Oh , yes please ! I'd love a gin and tonic .
Oh , just olives please . What music is this ?
It's great ! Where did you get the CD ?
Yes . I buy a lot of stuff from there . It's a good shop , isn't it ?
Why not ? I'd love to !
Just for a few weeks . I need this vacation . You ’ ll be all right . You know the project we ’ re working on , and you ’ re a good scientist . Don ’ t worry . I ’ ll be back as soon as I spend or gamble all my money .
Las Vegas . I find gambling relaxing . I don ’ t take it seriously , the way some people do . Besides , I love the shows and the all-night atmosphere of the town . The casinos never close , you know .
We are going to climb a cliff on the Colorado River .
It is a very difficult climb because there are not many places to put your hands and feet .
We rappelled down the side of 300 - foot cliff . It was very exciting .
Well , you should come this weekend . I think you could do the climb .
O . K . See you .
I guess the first thing is the price , the second is the size , and of course the color will play a role too . But I have to be honest . It is our today ’ s responsibility to take care about our environment . Therefore , I will also pay attention to the fuel consumption of the car . You know , the rise in gasoline prices is huge . So I would rather to consider a smaller car with smaller engine . For which I can also save some tax . Last of the list , I also consider the safety .
Well , I do prefer the lower emission cars as long as it doesn ’ t cost much . Some environmentally-friendly cars are really expensive .
I know what you mean , it leaves a lot to be desired .
Have you found anything yet ?
You should be able to find something comfortable in town , though that would be kind of far from school .
But the parking might be .
I'm sick . I think I've got the flu .
Don't mention it .
Yeah . You said it .
I ’ Ve done that . The doctor advised me to cut out smoking and drinking .
I like studying English , and I can read well , but speaking can be difficult .
Can I ask you a question ?
I have my book from class here . How do you say this word ?
Sorry , I don't understand . What does that mean ?
Yes , I think so . Can you say it again ?
Laptop . Did I pronounce that correctly ?
Thanks . And this word ? How do you pronounce this ?
Thanks so much . You're a good teacher .
Yes , I find jogging does good to me , so I keep on doing it .
I think so , too .
Believe what ?
You don ’ t believe that ? Everyone interprets the Bible in a different way . To some people , the Gospel 5 is a source of much comfort .
To tell you the truth , I don ’ t know if I ’ m a Christian or not . Christians don ’ t often share the same belief . But I believe that we all possess , by the grace of God , the potential to create fantastic changes on this earth .
No , all religions are essentially based on the same ideals , so no one is really better .
When I ’ m home in the States , I go , but not in China .
What has caused you to make such a decision ? Didn ’ t you used to go with Helen ?
Oh . That ’ s really annoying when seeing a film .
Howdy folks , and welcome to today ’ s game ! You know , Rick , today is a key game between Russia and Canada . As you know , the winner will move on to the finals .
Maurice Richard has the puck now , and passes it to the center . He shoots ! Wow what a save by the goalie !
What an amazing goal !
Nanometer is a length scale . It's one billionth of a meter , roughly ten times the size of an individual atom .
Well , let's make it this way . For comparison , 10 NM is 1000 times smaller than the diameter of a human hair . There are as many nanometers in an inch as there are inches in 400 miles .
All my relatives are getting together at my house .
Who can't make it in your family ?
That's too bad . So , what did you ask for Christmas this year ?
I want some computer games also . I gave my parents a really long Christmas list .
So what does your family do on Christmas Day ?
Our family is a little different . We go to church on Christmas Eve instead .
Steve ! Haven't seen you in ages ! How long's it been ?
how have you been ?
yeah , I remember the neighborhood . Have you found a place yet ?
well , maybe I can help . Remember my neighbor ?
yes , her daughter's having a baby , so she's moving in with her to help out . I think if you are interested , you can come over and have a look .
I'll ask Mrs . Thou when she's available to show the apartment and let you know . Has your number changed ?
Not good . I lost my wallet .
No , I think it came out of my pocket when I was in the taxi .
Can I borrow some money ?
About 50 dollars .
Thanks . I'll pay you back on Friday .
What are you going to do now ?
If you wait a minute I can go with you .
Really ? Well , thanks for saying so .
Sure . Why not ?
OK .
I don ’ t know whether I am a Barbie Doll or you are one .
Well , I am not going to flog a dead horse . Let get down to our brass tasks and tidy these things up .
Um ... well , actually , we had a fantastic time last night . He was ... amazing !
He ’ s really good looking , he ’ s quite tall , around 6 ’ 1 ” , he ’ s in his early thirties , and he ’ s got the most beautiful dark brown eyes ...
You know what , this is the best part . David is a junior investment banker at Fortune Bank , so he ’ s got a great career path ahead of him !
Yeah ?
I love swimming and cycling . On Saturday morning I usually ride my bike around the city or the country road for almost two hours .
Sure , they do .
Because it is convenient and good for environmental protection .
That ’ s what I can do .
Sure , I've picked up a few things from travelling around for work . Why ?
Did you bow back ?
Well , Japanese businessmen and women typically bow to greet each other in Japan . She might have been offended by your strong handshake .
Things are different in Japan . You know , in some countries , making eye contact with others is considered rude .
I think it's highly possible , yes .
That's a good idea . When you don ’ t know much about other cultures , the simplest thing can offend someone .
Oh , no ! Not again .
I had no idea how seriously that country takes soccer !
Okay . In the middle of their streets there are parks , big soccer fields as far as you can see .
That's not all . They use them ! Every night men , women , children all out there till 3 and 4 a . m .
I don't know how they function the next day ! It's like they eat and breathe soccer !
I took more than 10 subjects including Theoretical Economics , Political Economics , Western Economics , Statistics and so on . In addition to the courses of my major , I took minor courses too .
I took computer science and English courses as my minor subjects .
Well , I'm not sure . Maybe it means we can buy something through the Internet .
It must be very convenient and pretty quick .
If I were on as many steroids as he was , I think I ’ d be powerful , too .
Those drug tests don ’ t mean anything ! He probably took some other drugs to mask the steroids .
OK , OK . I ’ m feeling a little dehydrated . Let ’ s get something to drink .
I think I ’ ll stay in on Saturday and rest .
Ah , I ’ m going to the pub to watch the football .
Sure , you ’ re more than welcome . I ’ m meeting everyone at three o ’ clock .
Yes , it will take about four hours . We can leave about noon and get there by supper time .
All right . There will be three of us going so we will each pay a third .
There won't be many other expenses expect food .
It's Ellie and her friends .
She's my little niece.It ' s her birthday.They ' re singing " Happy Birthday " .
She's ten .
Oh , yes.Ellie was playing games all day yesterday.By the way , Alice , when's your birthday ?
Today ?
Well , imagine that ! How old are you ?
Very much.What time ?
I'll be at your house at about five thirty.Happy birthday .
Yes , that's right , around five nine five ten .
I'm not sure . Medium I suppose . Maybe a little on the heavy side .
No , I don't think so .
No .
Black or dark brown .
Straight , I think , and about average length
Are you crazy ? The papers make everybody listless . I don't think you are the exception
I'd better exercise my body too.My limbs are rusty now .
Oh my gosh , how exciting !
Sure , I will . How can I miss that ?
Oh , don't . I'm sure you'll be the loveliest bride ever !
Yes , I did , I thought it was a failure .
Well , maybe so . But I still think everyone has their rights of their own opinion .
Of course . I stay online for four hours at least every day .
Millions of things . I surf the Net , check my e-mail , and most importantly , I chat with my friends .
No , I am not . And I love to meet new people in the chat rooms who share a lot in common with me .
I wish I could , but I can't .
Well , I am up to my neck in work . I've got to finish this report . Sarah needs it by noon . I don't want to be scolded if I can ’ t finish my work by the deadline .
There are hundreds and hundreds . English is particularly rich in idiomatic expressions .
I'll look up the rate . To look up doesn't mean to look high into the sky or to look at the roof . It means to search for and find some information .
That is just a natural , grammatical English expression . It has a direct translation in other languages .
No , it might be dangerous there .
I'd like to , but I'm tied up with my paper .
No.Why ?
Oh , really ? I go to the rye every day .
The same to you !
We're having some friends over.What are you doing ?
Stolen ? No , why ?
Criminals are clever ? They're only successful when people are careless .
If your uncle had an alarm system , then it wouldn't have happened .
Didn't anyone stop them ?
Wow , they were good . I guess criminals aren't that dumb after all .
He does , he started five years ago and now ends up the richest among us .
It seemed to be useless to study well when we were young if we examine his case .
Not yet , Grandma , What's the matter ?
I'll finish soon .
But it's so thin . There's no way that it comes with a CD-ROM .
What other features are listed ?
Totally cool colors !
You do ?
But I find Japanese ones better .
Not good . The doctor told him not to smoke again , but it just rolls off him like water off the duck ’ s back !
I hope it will be of some use .
Didn ’ t I tell you ? It ’ s over !
It was a few things . The first thing that happened was that we were supposed to go out for a romantic dinner for our one year anniversary , but she stood me up !
No , but I ended up finding out later that night when I saw her with another man at a club near my home !
I wanted to , but I knew that if I spoke to her , I'd just blow up at her , so I decided to just go home . I called her later that night , but she didn't answer the phone .
I know . I still haven ’ t heard from her . The good thing is that I ’ m so angry with her that I don ’ t feel sad about not having her around .
I guess so . It would be nice to know why she did this though .
I don't know . Well , my contract here is for one year , and I don't know what I should do after that . Maybe going around for a while .
Actually , I am learning that now . But it's too hard for me . You know the four tones and the stuff . It really freaks me out .
You hit the nail right on the head .
What is it ?
Awesome . I've been giving this a lot of thought . When can we do this ?
Ok , cool .
No problem .
What is it ? What happened ?
No , it can't be . Really ? Who ?
What did you do ?
Did he leave when you left ?
What did you do ?
That's about five blocks . And around corners too.So he was definitely following you .
Actually , I don't think you can call the police . Not yet at least.He hasn't done anything . And probably the police will just ignore it.But if anything happens again , then maybe you should call .
Of course you can call the police if you want . That's not what I mean . I'm just saying that they probably won't do anything .
Listen , Carol . Don't let this bother you too much.Probably it's nothing . Just keep your eyes open when you go out.If you see him a third time , and if he follows you again , then I think we should go to the police.But for now , just try not to worry .
Hi , Ben . Come in . Diane's not ready yet , so you'll have to wait a few minutes .
Hi.It ' s a wonderful wedding , isn't it ?
Mary's father is a rich man , isn't he ?
Will Mary and her husband be ready to leave for their honeymoon ?
Oh , I'll try to catch it .
French dressing , please .
Oh , French dressing .
We still prefer French dressing .
Who's your manager ? Tell me ! Would you ?
Yes ? Anything I can do for you ?
Ok .
My house was robbed last night and the thieves stole all my furniture .
Yes , I have . But I have to wait .
Well , I'm leaving Japan and I'm going back to London , tomorrow .
Yeah .
Well , I do feel quite down because I am going to miss Japan after being here for 9 months , in Japan . I am going to miss it so much , cause I've had a great time here .
Oh , I am going to miss the people , the food , the night life . Especially the nightlife .
Well , I really like dancing . And I enjoy going out to night clubs and to restaurants and eating Japanese food also and I'm really going to miss that because it's very different to London .
Well , here there are many different clubs you can get into , for free , you don't have to pay , some of them . In London it's really expensive for drinks and an entry fee .
How about taking a walk in the park ?
Oh , it's so quiet here . We have the park to ourselves , only you and me !
Oh , I see them . Some are doing Taijiquan , some are performing swordplay , some are practising the Chinese Wushu .
I know . I have to prepare the supper for the whole family before I leave .
The housework is really a big problem for me . My husband is on a business trip to the U . S . now and I have to take care of everything myself .
I've asked my parents to live with us for a while , so they can look after her for me while I am at work or in the class .
Me too . Sometimes I do want to give it up . I can't deal with so many things at a time .
It's close coming up at the end of this month . That will be no more than 15 days from now on .
Why don't you take the CPA exam ? You are already a good accountant , having so many years of experience .
Next week .
My father failed in business .
Maybe it is the most difficult period of my family have experienced .
No , not now . I have found a part-time job . So perhaps I can help my family to come over the difficulties .
Thank you .
To tell you the truth , it was completely accidental .
I don't think so . Michael .
Pleased to meet you , too , Shirley . So , what do you do ?
I live here . I was invited by George-he's the tall guy over there . He looks a bit drunk , actually ...
Yeah , the air is really fresh .
Because it rained last night .
It sure did . It was a heavy storm , with lots of thunder .
Well , it may rain again later today .
There may also be a strong wind coming in .
Maybe not . Dust is no longer a big problem in Beijing .
We've been planting trees for many years .
But the summer isn't . It's scorching in the summer .
Spring is warm and short in Beijing .
You got it . Oh , by the way , it may be really cool in the evening around this time of the year . Don't forget to put on more clothes , or you might catch a cold .
You're welcome .
Yes , it would be my first trip overseas . Actually , it's going to be my first time leaving the country .
No , I have never vacationed anywhere exotic . But even if I don't get a chance to travel on my personal time , at least I can travel on company time !
Yes , it wasn't too hard to get . All I had to do was fill out the paperwork and pay the application fee .
My flight departs at 7 am . I have everything except for my luggage ready .
That would be great ! Thanks a lot !
Sure ! You should do anything you can to improve your English .
Of course it is.In fact , I'll even take the course with you if you want .
Do you have the phone number ? I need to call for registration .
That's OK . I can get it from you later .
All right . I know a great restaurant near here.But , it's a little expensive and I don't have much money with me .
Thank you ! I'll be sure to return the favor after our first class , OK ?
Good job ! This is going to be a great night !
Probably nothing .
Romantic ? I can't remember what that word means .
Ha , ha ! Those days are long gone .
Yeah , everyday . And there ’ s only one choice.All the other buses are going the other direction .
Oh , yeah , it ’ s terrible . I will tell you the funniest thing I have seen in China . It ’ s when so many people try to get onto one city bus , and the last guy is squeezed in so tight that the door is tightly pressed against his butt .
What happened ? Were you having a hard time getting on a bus ?
Hmm . Good exercise , uh ?
And it ’ s so much fun . One day , the bodies were so tightly packed that some girl ’ s behind was pressed against my front . I was afraid to put my hands down for fear of accidentally groping her .
What do you think ? I ’ m a good boy .
Of course . I can eat a horse now .
Where shall we go now ? A Chinese restaurant or a local one ?
Yes . What about you ?
Then your salary must be high .
Is this time one of them ?
Really ? We have only one chance every year .
Do you think it looks good on me ?
You won't believe it , but it was really cheap .
Nothing doing .
I go jogging , how about you ?
Oh , that's fantastic !
Neither can I .
You ’ Ve been using it for two weeks without paying .
I'm falling in love .
That girl in my econ class . She is so hot .
No . I didn't even talk to her yet . But I think I'm in love .
I don't think so . I've been following her around campus and I haven't seen another guy .
I plan on running into her in the cafeteria when she's alone . I think I'll ask her then .
She's the only thing I can think of all day long .
Aright . I'll talk to you later .
Willing to help , maybe , but not as helpful as you think .
Last night he told the children a cliff-hanger story and both of them were scared out of sleep .
Yeah . But he soon feel regretted for it .
He is more nice than wise .
Not really . To be honest , it's very cheap . I only spent $ 100 .
Yes . I bought it in Johnson thrift store .
Yes , it is .
What ? How happy you life is ! I do envy you .
Maybe you are right .
I'd love to go out with you , but I'm sorry I'm busy tonight , but I'd like a rain check .
What's another Japanese art ?
Tea Ceremony ! Tell me about Tea Ceremony .
I see .
How do you learn that ? Is that something that your mother would teach you ? How do people learn that ?
Thanks . Now , I have to find a job .
I ’ d like to conduct some scientific research into genes . It would be wonderful to make a medical breakthrough .
Many companies and universities investing resources in genetics , because there are so many possibilities . Few people know where next discoveries will be made .
New York Times . I read it everyday .
It's too biased . I just don't agree with their one-sided reporting .
Yes , they have a good reputation for fairness .
I know clearly at the bottom of my heart . I just can't set my mind at rest because of the child . She's little . She cannot understand us and accept such truth .
I see . OK .
I ’ Ve been playing computer games .
It ’ s called Counter Strike . It ’ s a first person shooter game . It ’ s awesome . It ’ s a multi player game where you can go online and compete against players from all over the world .
My laptop is on my bed . If you think it ’ s so easy then get on line and try to beat me .
Damp it ! How are you killing me with a single shot ? It ’ s not fair ! I don ’ t want to play anymore ! Let ’ s go get something to eat .
Oh you ’ re exaggerating . I ’ m never really good at making hairdo .
Thanks for saying so , but my husband thinks otherwise .
What ?
Cool ! I wish I could have been there !
Yes . But if I have any more soup , I think I'll die .
Yes , she does . She works at home .
Oh , no . Most of the time I do these things . She is a writer .
I like current affairs programs and documentaries , especially wildlife ones . How about you ?
I agree . People often criticize Tv for showing too much sex and violence .
Right . You can ’ t blame the tv stations for showing popular kinds of programs . They need to make money from advertisements shown during and between programs .
That ’ s great idea . But don ’ t the Tv station lose a lot of money because of that ?
Not as far as I know . We have so many advertisements . the interruptions are unbearable sometimes ! That ’ s one reason that many people prefer satellite or cable Tv , where you pay a fixed amount each month .
Well , there ’ s a wildlife documentary on Tv in a few minutes . Shall we ?
Well , George . I guess I am . Why do you ask ?
Yeah , definitely ! Thanks for inviting me .
I really wanted to watch the Star Wars on the opening day , but the pre-sale tickets were sold out . How did you manage to get hold of them ?
You paid 50 dollars for each ticket ? That's a huge premium over the regular price .
Wow ! I am really honored you went through all this trouble just for my sake . I really appreciate that . So , what time are we going ?
8 pm , that's fine with me .
So I'll see you tomorrow then at 8 .
Ok , George . Bye !
Look out , honey . Let's come to the shoal waters . Follow me !
Honey , listen to me . First , you should learn how to breathe in and breathe out .
Do be patient , Honey . Let's do it slowly and correctly .
Come on , sweetie , you've done very well . It is the first step that is tough .
Yes , well done . That's the way to go . How clever you are ! You've got it .
Exactly , next , you should hold your legs together and extend your arms above your head .
That's the way to go . Now , you are flying , my boy .
Nothing .
Just get out of my face !
Leave me alone !
I don't want to talk about it .
I blew the finally exam .
No , I'm not .
Certainly .
Several years ago .
Yeah .
Nice to meet you guys .
Who's that guy who's handing out beer to everyone ?
He sure is !
I don ’ t think so .
That ’ s should be fun .
Hello , Jack . It ’ s Mary . What are you doing in your office ?
Would you like to come and have dinner with us on Friday ?
What about Saturday ?
Will you come round next Tuesday ?
What do you say next Wednesday then ?
Okay . Bye .
Easy come , easy go .
Yes , I found a very good job down there .
I'm going to miss you folks , too .
OK . I'll drop you a line as soon as I get there .
Don't ask me .
I'm not sure . I have to check my schedule . Where are you going ?
Jack ?
I will never go out with him anymore .
last time when we had dinner at the Smith's , it was a horrible experience . He had no manners at all !
he made a lot of noises while eating . He talked with his mouth full and sipped loudly .
it is true . Everyone kept looking at him . It was so embarrassing as I was sitting right next to him .
I have no idea . He seemed to enjoy the dinner very much .
oh , he really should .
Congratulations . That's great !
When do you start ?
You're going to have to put in a lot of hours you know .
I bet . You must be stoked .
Sure . It's on you right ?
I don't know . He's a little depressed . He's having a hard time finding a job right now .
That sounds like a good idea .
And you ’ re going to completely transform your eating habits , right ?
I ’ Ve heard this one before .
Well , I guess we ’ ll just have to wait and see .
Yes . I am a bit confused . My sociology class is supposed to read a chapter in a book called Sociology and the Modern Age . According to the syllabus , the book is in the library , but I haven't been able to find it .
Yes , uh ... I put it in the front of my sociology notebook . Oh , here it is .
I'm sorry - I still don't understand .
So , will I be able to find this book ?
Okay . Thank you . I understand now .
No ! I am on my way to the reserve room . Thanks again !
I think it is unemployment that gives rise to such social problems .
You are right .
Bill and Betty have already grown up .
Look at that big tree over there .
Do you know that I fell in love with you at the first sight then ?
But you agreed to go out with me at last .
So do you feel happy now ?
Of course , we are the happiest family in the world .
Morning Sally ! What's up ? you seem many hurry !
Don't worry , I'll drive you .
How are your cases coming along ?
Wow , Good for you . It sounds like a lot of work . I'm proud of you ! Is this the red of building ?
You're welcome . Good luck , bye !
Thanks , Mr . White . That's very kind of you .
I am sure it will . It'll be of great help in carrying on the work I have done so far .
It is free on weekend .
Here is a guiding plan .
Why are you so kind to him ?
So that's how it is ! Now he ’ s in trouble , but I belive he will rise to his own feet again .
I need a passport .
When can I do that ?
That would be great .
What else do I have to do ?
How long will it take ?
Thank you . That ’ s perfect timing .
I wouldn't say that . It looks fine to me .
Oh , come on , as long as it looks good on her .
You ’ re darn right . I am out of style . So what What's the point of keeping yourself in style
I'd love to , but I'm broke . Maybe after payday .
Why ?
I hear it's Chinese Valentine's Day ! Don't you know ?
It's not too late . Go to buy some now .
It's hard to say . Perhaps swimming is my favorite . I like swimming because it helps improve my lung capacity . In the scorching summer days , there's nothing like a cool swim . Currently , I go to the pool twice every week .
Well , it costs an arm and a leg — 30 yuan per person . What a costly sport ! That is why I have to refrain from even thinking about it . And I find jogging a very agreeable substitute .
You know what ? You won't get a rush from it until you fully understand it . It is a simple sport and doesn't require skills of any sort . This leaves room for me to enjoy the beautiful suburban scenery while jogging . Fresh air caresses my face and blows into my chest , which translates into inspirations . Inspirations are really good stuff for a writer like me . Sometimes , I even come up with a verse or two .
Do you attend school during the day or only at night ?
Do you drive a motorcycle or an automobile ?
Great , the price for that permit is thirty dollars ; cash , check , or credit card ?
Do you need to buy a duplicate permit for a second vehicle ?
OK , here is your permit ; enjoy the next semester .
It's OK .
Don't be silly .
All right . Next time you will treat .
Oh . it ‘ s a case flowers . It ’ s very kind of you .
I love flowers you know . Thank you very much .
I'm sick of it , too .
It's no use complaining.If we had got enough money , we wouldn't put up with it !
Let's just sit in the back . We can still hear the service from here .
They're probably up front . The preacher's about to speak . Let's listen .
Oh , how I wish this all wasn't happening !
Can you say it again slowly ?
Oh , I see . I'll have to sink about it .
Oops . I meant , " think "
I know .
With this ring I thee wed . Wear it as a symbol of our love and commitment .
This one ?
Oh , right . This one , right ?
Okay , Okay , I got it ! This is the ring finger !
Is he living in the new housing estate in Killington ?
Do you mean the one near the health centre on Old Slate Road ?
His house must be worth millions ! That is one of the most beautiful areas in Oxford . The surrounding area is really peaceful , and getting into the city centre from there is very convenient . How can he afford that place ?
Did he know that his grandfather was so wealthy ?
What a lucky man .
What's that ?
The poor thing . It must be difficult being him .
Are you sure of that ?
They may have some difficulty in doing it .
What was wrong ?
I didn ’ t mean to hurt anyone .
I'm off to Barcelona for a week .
yes , here you go . I don't need a visa to go to Spain , do I ?
that's good advice .
are there any seats available by the emergency exits ?
ok . I'll take that one then .
I like to travel light so I just have this one .
yes , please . That's a fantastic idea . Which gate do I need to go to ?
I agree with you , but that's easier said than done .
Don ’ t worry about it .
I think you just need to get more sleep .
I'm terribly sorry to be so late . I had an article ...
I can't afford to .
Yes , thanks.Before I start , I'd like to thank Professor Smith for all his help in giving me unlimited access to his research materials .
Sorry , I'll try to speak louder .
Nothing important . I've been working overtime lately .
12 hours , including 5 hours overtime .
I don't care . I need money .
Yes , I think so . When I work overtime I'm paid time and a half .
But jobs with a lot of overtime are quite limited . Employers usually don't like to pay for overtime if they can manage .
Most people like football . More boys like football than girls . A few girls play it really well . Some people like playing basketball .
More and more people like it now . fewer people play table tennis than before . Many people like swimming , because it is fun and keeps you fit .
Extreme sports are only for a small minority of people . Several people from my university enjoy them , but most of us just watch . No one I know plays golf .
A great deal of people follow rugby in my country .
Yes ! Yes ! And yes ! Jared , of course I ’ ll marry you !
Oh , Jared ! I can ’ t wait for our wedding ! I hope you don ’ t mind , but I ’ Ve already chosen a date ! Six months from now in the summer ! Melissa saw you buying the ring last month so I ’ Ve had plenty of time to start planning !
Oh don ’ t worry , sweetie , I didn ’ t know when you were going to propose . It was still a nice surprise ! As I was saying , I ’ Ve got it all planned out . There ’ s almost nothing left to do ! I wrote up our guest list and we will have roughly four hundred guests attending .
No need to sweat it . My parents agreed to pay for most of the wedding , which is going to be low-budget anyway . So roughly four hundred people , which means that the hall at Northwoods Heights will be our reception venue . I thought it would be nice if we had the wedding at your parents ’ church and my uncle of course would be officiating . We ’ ll meet with him soon for some pre-wedding counseling . The music for the wedding ceremony was a no-brainer . My step-sister and her string quartet will take care of that . My cousin will be the official photographer . I thought it would also be nice if his daughter could sing a solo . Did you know that she ’ s going to be a professional opera singer ?
And then of course the ladies at the church would love to be our caterers for the banquet and we ’ ll get the Youth Group to serve us . I was thinking that your friend ’ s band could be our entertainment for the night . though they might have to tone it down a bit . Or we could hire a DJ . Your sister ’ s husband could get us a discount with that company that does the decor at weddings . what ’ s their name again ? I was thinking that we could have an island paradise-themed wedding and our theme color would be a soothing blue like Aquamarine . And there will be a huge seashell on the wall behind the podium where we ’ ll make our toasts ! What do you think of small packages of drink mixes for our wedding favors ? Who else am I missing ? Oh , your uncle could be our florist and his wife could make our wedding cake !
See ? It ’ s going to be wonderful ! Oh this wedding is going to be everything I ever dreamed of .
Yeah . He's the most experienced athlete in the field .
Good boy !
I'll be leaving on the fifth of August for the vacation
I'm taking two weeks now . but I want to save the other week and take it sometime during the winter .
To the beach
Oh , I don't need to do that . I'll be staying with friends
Just think , in a few days , I'll be swimming and lying in the sun and just taking it easy .
Yes , summer is coming .
I'd like to go to Tianjin .
Yes , of course . And what's your plan ?
That's great .
Believe me , you really look much better than before .
What happened ?
That's great . I thought you said you didn't get the job .
I bet . That's great news . I'm very happy for you .
Sounds good .
Coffee , please .
Yes , of course . I can't go through a day without coffee in the morning .
I totally disagree . The other day I read in a book that a number of recent studies suggest that it can be a highly beneficial drink . Researchers have found strong evidence that coffee reduces the risk of several serious aimed 3 ' including diabetes , heart disease and cirrhosis of the liver .
I don't think so . Coffee helps me wake up , keep alert , and improve my short term memory .
Maybe you are right to some extent .
Maybe I could have a try .
OK . What time ?
It's 60 yuan , please .
Sure . That'll be 40 yuan , please .
I really do not have time to deal with some lovesick computer geek .
Sorry , Dave , I didn't mean you . I am just not in the mood for this . I have work to do .
No , I am the only child in my family .
Do they live with you and your parents ?
You mean Lily's boyfriend ?
Well , he is a hard case . Everyone would feel headache about him .
Nothing special . I just want to get plastered .
YY's ? That place is boring . How about Xara's ? It's real classy , and they keep the place spin and span .
On second thought , I think I'll join you .
Wow , they really went to town on this place !
Sure is . Waiter , bring us two drafts , please .
When in Rome , do as the Romans do .
Much better today .
It's a girl .
Sure.She is a peaceful child .
So they say .
Well.The doctor said I have to remain here for at least two more days because I'm rather weak after childbirth .
Cookies ? You just ate an hour ago .
Well , why don't you have some fruit instead ?
Yes , a little .
I tried before . There are no buttons on the air conditioning .
I think it is centrally controlled . They control it at the main desk .
I'm going downstairs for more drinking water . I will ask them .
They said it is centrally controlled.All the rooms are the same . They can't change it .
You can wear more clothes .
hi . I ’ m feeling very nervous . I just had a test and I ’ m not sure how well or how badly I did .
that ’ s true . I really should go home and prepare for the next test , but I ’ m feeling tired .
ok . I feel like sitting down and having a chat . How have you been recently ?
that ’ s a good idea . I usually just sit at home alone and get increasingly moody .
perhaps I ’ m being too shy . I should go out more too and not spend time worrying about tests !
Waiting for someone .
You're right . He is so funny and I think I'm in love with him .
I know , but I keep thinking of him every day . And I get really depressed when he's not online .
Well , this might be silly . But I just can't get him off my mind . And I can't help missing him .
Yes . He said I'm his dream girl .
I know . I can't tell whether he's serious or not so I need your advice .
I know what you mean , Carol . I ’ Ve had nothing but trouble with it . They say it ’ s supposed to be easy !
Sure . Why don ’ t you sit down for a minute ? You haven ’ t taken a rest all morning .
No , I first came here 1995 .
Well , I am from Canada . Actually .
That ' ok . That's happens all the time .
How do you know that ?
Oh , I see . But I think you are making a fuss . They will make it up . Bet it .
Well , if you want to look professional , serious and more conservative , a blue dress , white shirt and not-too-high shoes would be the best choice . But sometimes , very formal clothes will keep you at a distance from your colleagues . It depends on the company ’ s dress code .
Whatever you choose , make sure they are neat and clean .
They're my family
Yes , I'm the third child .
Yes , I'm going to the cinema , dad .
Oh , I won't be back so early . The film will be over at nine . Can I have the key to the bicycle ?
Oh , dad , I'm not a child . I'm 17 already . I'll come back as soon as the film is over .
I will . Thank you , dad .
Speaking .
Of course . How're you ?
I'm sorry , Karen , but I can't . I have to work late this Thursday .
Yeah . I really like Lesley .
Well , I can't make it on Friday either , but I'm free on Saturday night . What time does it start ?
That sounds perfect.And let's go out for coffee after the show .
See you at seven fifteen , Saturday .
Sure . Do you want to go first , Sally ?
OK , here's your question What movie won the 1996 Oscar for Best Picture ?
Well , along with Jurassic Park ! Nice going , you got the right answer .
Really ?
Sounds great .
How nice .
Good .
Oh yeah , it was great ! He took me to an Italian restaurant and we had an amazing conversation . I told him about how many kids I want , and how my parents will be so excited to meet him .
Yeah ! I called him after I got home to arrange our next date , but unfortunately his grandma is sick so he has been busy every night visiting her in the hospital .
Yeah , I think so . Oh , by the way , I need to ask you something .
Could I get back the sweater you borrowed ?
My boots ? Er ... Sure , ok .
Not if you pay for it . For example , if you download from iTunes and pay with your credit card , it's legal .
Awesome . You'll see that they are really catchy .
Not at all . I ’ m an agnostic . Do you ?
I think everything has a scientific explanation rather than a theological one .
I ’ m sure that science will explain everything eventually . I think that the strangest thing about religion is that so many religions people act in ways that their religion claims are wrong .
Religions preach tolerance , but many wars are caused by intolerant religious fanatics .
It's all yours .
Well , I hope it's comfortable enough for you .
You have a phone on the bedside table that you can use .
Kind of . It leads to my bedroom .
Pretty good . Mary , I was wondering if you would like to come to a party on Friday night ?
Fine . It will be at my house . Do you know how to get there ?
I can do that . Do you have anyone that you would like to bring with you to the party ?
Oh yeah , I remember Jake . That would be fine .
Just bring along whatever it is that you and Jake would like to drink .
Thanks a lot .
Elvin Dixon . Who are you ?
Easy stuff . But thanks . And the admiration is mutual .
You're selling invoking subscriptions like nobody's business . And we don't even have a working demo yet .
Selfishness is one human beings instincts . It is very difficult to get it out root and branch .
His mother , not me , should do this .
I ’ m very sorry I can ’ t .
I ’ m afraid I have some business to attend to .
I ’ d love to but I have to help John with his math problems right now .
No , thanks . His home is not far and I can walk there .
Ok , thank you .
Thank you.Thanks to the baker , I benefit a lot from him .
Yes , it is . Are you looking for housing for this semester ?
It is , but I can put you on a waiting list , if you would like .
Yes , here is a catalog that is put out every year with locations that meet campus requirements for As .
The individual landlord's numbers are next to each entry . You can call them with any questions you may have .
Hi , Shirley . I'm Sophie . It's nice to meet you .
Please come in .
I really appreciate it .
I will . Actually , I am worried so much about the security of this community because my house has been burgled twice before .
Really ? That's good . Is there any supermarket in our neighborhood ?
That's terrific !
Yeah , and we can get to know each other at the party .
Which ? Zina ? What time is it ?
What note ? I can't see . I just pulled an all-nighter .
And ? What does it say ? Isn't there a name ?
Don ’ t worry . Everyone knows you ’ re getting your feet wet . I ’ ll show you how . I bet you ’ ll be proficient at this in five minutes .
Relax . I can hold my own . Now , point your skis toward the bottom of the hill . Easy does it !
Here . I ’ ll just give you a little push ...
There . Now , wasn ’ t that fun ? As soon as you get a second burst of energy , we ’ ll ...
No , why ?
Sure I like shopping . Who is organizing the party ?
What's the occasion ?
That's easy , how about a cowgirl ? Oh I know even better , a Canadian Mountie .
Leave it to me . I know exactly where to find it .
Excellent , come over at ten o'clock and we will start at the shopping center , the one around the corner from my house . They have just the shop we need .
I try to picture the Lord's face in my mind .
Yes .
I don ’ t know . I didn ’ t really feel like going out . I guess I ’ m feeling a little homesick .
I was . It ’ s just that the holidays are coming up and I won ’ t be able to home because I can ’ t afford the airfare . I ’ m just longing for some of the comforts of home , like my mom ’ s cooking and being around my family .
I see what you mean , but I ’ m still bummed out .
You know , I could really go for that . You don ’ t mind being my wingman for tonight ?
Great ! I must warn you though , whatever happens , don ’ t let me go on a drinking binge . Trust me , it ’ s not a pretty picture !
Yes , of course . I need your student ID please .
Okay , Susan . It says here that you are a business major and you are in your second year . Is this information correct ?
Sure . That ’ s not a problem . Do you have the list of courses you want to take this semester ?
Yeah , that ’ s perfect . What about the subjects for your minor ?
Wow , you are going to be busy this semester ! Okay , here you go . You are registered now , you ’ ll have to make your first tuition payment before classes start .
She means business , for sure .
We'd better get back to work .
Well , that's life .
Sorry , I was delayed by something and stuck in traffic .
Nope . I guess something might have come up .
I don't know . I hope it's nothing serious .
Oh ? What happened ?
Is she fine now ?
Oh , poor Alan ! His sister is the only one he has left since his parents died last year .
Actually , my mother made it from scratch .
Sure . Take a seat , please . What would you like to know ?
A Bachelor is awarded to a student who successfully completes over 120 units , including general and specific requirements , for his or her undergraduate major and elective courses .
Normally it can be completed in four years .
Don ’ t say things like this . Please be confident . I think you still have the chance to win her love , unless you don ’ t love her anymore .
In some way , she is more modern .
If you really think so , in my opinion you should give up this feeling completely .
My watch says half past five .
Oh yeah . It loses only a few seconds in the whole month .
Think nothing of it .
Neither have I .
Yes , we must . What have you been doing since I last saw you ?
I've been learning Japanese every evening .
I hope to visit Japan next year .
Yes , let's go into the dance-hall and ask if we can take dancing-lessons .
I saw a lot of teenagers when Alan and I were there yesterday .
Speaking of that trip , Alan bought a shirt at a department store , but the sleeves are too long . Do you know a seamstress or tailor who can shorten them ?
Isn ’ t that complicated ?
We ? Do you want to go with me ?
What do you do there ... hang around , like the kids ?
Well , he's very tall and handsome .
He has big blue eyes and long blonde hair .
Down to his shoulders . It's beautiful , like gold .
He's a very creative painter . His paintings sell well .
He's quite a patient teacher , too .
You're going to like him . Everybody says he's a nice guy .
Wow ! I'm so happy for you .
Whoa , whoa , take it easy , relax . Geez , you ’ re sweating like a pig ! What ’ s going on ?
What are you talking about ? It wasn ’ t more than a month ago that you were rambling on about how you are tired of living the life of a bachelor and how you envy your friends that have a family !
Let ’ s think this through . First of all , you cannot leave Amy at the altar . Not only will she be humiliated and kill you , but she is the woman that you love and the woman of your dreams ! Why would you want to end that or jeopardize it like this ? Second of all , you are just getting cold feet . You know deep down inside that you want to marry her , so cut the crap and do it !
Great ! Phew ! That was a close one ! You had me going there for a minute I thought I was gonna have to slap some sense into you .
Was it quite special ?
Did you hurry back to the bedroom ?
Oh , your classmates took you in .
Thanks . Wendy . There will be an important dinner party tonight . So I must make me the focus of my friends .
Yeah . I'm really looking forward to it .
They're pretty similar , but in different ways . I really can't decide . How about you ?
Does that mean work isn't that great ?
But work is a huge portion of our lives . I'm looking forward to making it fun .
I hope you're right .
No , not yet . I'm really worried .
Maybe you're right . But I'm still worried .
No , I was out . Was it worth watching ?
Oh , really ? So , Spain is through to the next round ?
Good ! They have expanded and are doing better than they were last quarter . It's nice to see some improvement for a change .
Yes , especially with so many of our executives going back and forth from here to Japan . The only problem is , they may have trouble when they go to open up business here .
They aren't too familiar with doing business outside of Japan . There are a lot of cultural differences to account for .
Have you ever been to Japan ?
Hi there Mr . Anderson ! How are you on this fine morning ?
It sure is cold this morning , isn ’ t it ? I barely even get out of bed !
Did you catch the news this morning ? I heard that there was a fire on Byron Street .
Did you happen to watch the football game last night ? The Patriots scored in the last minute !
Oh . . . By the way , I saw you with your daughter at the office Christmas party . She is really beautiful !
Sir this is the 56th floor ! We are on the 70th !
Yes . We just had a basketball match with Class Two .
They did .
Seventy to sixty-seven .
Oh , I thought I did a good job .
Anyway , I have to face the music this time .
I ’ m returning a book .
I also need to check out this video .
Just the video .
I have it right here .
I will .
I get it . Thank you .
Everything's great . And you ?
No , I haven't had a chance to . But I have been watching a Chinese TV scries called " Chinese-Style Divorce " .
Yeah . I found it is so close to our life .
You said it . You know , the divorce rate has been on the rise in recent year .
I know a couple who divorced a week after getting married .
That's true . It's said the short-lived marriage is typical of the post - 80s ' generation .
Definitely.They don't take relationships and marriages very seriously .
I think , as the saying goes haste makes waste , it is the same with marriage .
My choice would always be tea .
Last year when I visited China .
Not cash . But if our launch goes well , my stock options will pay off , big time .
I don't have to worry about rent . I live right here .
Right here . Me and my PC . Home sweet home .
Sorry , I'll bring them to you right away .
We are short of staff today .
What's wrong ?
They were delivered this morning .
I hope we can make great progress in this new semester .
I hear we ’ ll have a new English teacher this semester .
I am sure we will .
Are you certain that that is what you want to do ?
Why do you think that this would be a good move ?
Yes , there are always pros and cons to making a career change .
I think the slight pay decrease might be worth it . The benefits are much better .
I think you should definitely apply for the position .
I'm a teacher .
Mind your own business .
He doesn't mind . As a matter of fact , he's very pleased .
Well , if not gymnastics , then mountain biking .
Since 1996 it has been . And I bet I'd be pretty good at it . I ride my mountain bike to work almost every day .
It ’ s quite an interesting place to live . The best thing to do in my city is go shopping . There are several indoor and outdoor markets , department stores and shopping malls .
Not really . Cars are not permitted in several parts of city centre , especially in the main shopping areas . The public transport system is pretty good .
There are restaurants with food from all over the world . We have a small china-town near the city centre . There are many Indian , Thai , and Italian restaurants all over the city centre . There are many sports events in my city . We have several sports venues for football , rugby , and cricket-even ice-skating and ice hockey .
There are several good clubs near the city centre . Many people in my city prefer something more ’ cultural ” , so we several theatres and venues for classical music concerts and operas .
It is . I hope you ’ ll have time to come for a visit soon . You really should come during the summer , when the weather is better and there ’ s more happening outdoors .
On the fourth Thursday of November .
People cook turkeys for Thanksgiving dinner .
Besides the turkeys , we'll also have other delicious food . Such as pumpkin pies , puddings , mashed potatoes , bread , a lot of fresh fruits and vegetables .
Yeah , really .
Hi , I ’ m Susan Marshall.You can call me Susan.Nice to meet you .
Well , I ’ m a college student.How about you ?
I work for the Bank of China , in the International Section .
I sure hope you didn't trust anyone with your credit card number .
Easy ? Ha ! ! It was easy for them to cheat you ! !
I'm tired of your cut-and-dried opinions . Who do you think you are !
Why not ?
Where are you going ?
Again ? You just went last week ! You spend more time at the nail salon than you do here at home ! Honestly , why do you need a manicure every week ?
Why ? I don ’ t want to have nail polish or anything like that !
Yeah , sounds like something I should definitely do .
Well ... alright . I guess I have a minute .
I've heard about it , but I don't really know about it .
What about beer ?
That's pretty cool . How much of a discount ?
And all these other things , pizza and movies for instance--how much of a discount do I get on that stuff ?
Alright , alright . Let me look at that pamphlet.Hmm . Alessio's Pizza Parlor . That's cool . I go there all the time.And Cosmo's Club . And 4 - D records . Alright . How much does it cost ?
Whoa ! That's expensive ! It should be cheaper .
Yeah , maybe . Alright . Give me an application form .
I'm just responding to Sue's letter . Do you want to help ?
that's kind of boring . Don't you want to tell them anything else ?
you've been promoted ? when did that happen ?
congratulations ! That's really exciting ! Let's get out a bottle of wine to celebrate !
ah . That can wait . Your promotion is the best news I've heard in a long time !
ok , you're right . I'll just tell them how round I am of you for getting a promotion and then I'll thank Sue for her kind letter .
that's thoughtful of you .
that's right ! I almost forgot about that .
we do balance each other out well . I guess we were really made for each other !
I would like to return these books .
I dropped it , and the cover tore off .
How much ?
That ’ s not too bad .
Here ’ s the money for the book .
You are very welcome .
Why do you say so ?
Maybe all of us are the same .
I didn't sleep much last night .
You know Miao Li-my roommate , he bought a computer last month . He has turned his computer into an electronic playground . He plays football , rides horses , drives racing cars , and does a whole bunch of other games . Every night he keeps me up .
I usually get a lot of information on the computer and use E-mail to send messages to my friends .
Don't you think it's a sheer waste of both time and money ?
Yes .
In the summer it gets very hot.the temperature is often between 37 and 40 centigrade.when it is hot we often get rains.the winters are drier .
What are the temperatures in winter ? in my city it is about 15 or 20 degrees .
Yeah , we do . in the middle of summer there can be thunderstorms every day usually in the afternoon . i heard your city has a lot of fog , is that true ?
Yes , they are . like i said we have thunderstorms.but each one usually only last a few hours.then the skys are clear again .
My grandmother said there was snow once when she was a child.but my parents and i only see it outside of our city .
As you know , my city is on the coast.the water is also not clean.but people still go swimming all year around . i prefer to sand bath on the beach when the weather is hot in sunny .
You did ?
What do you think now ?
But I still say Americans spend a lot more money on useless things than we Chinese do .
Didn ’ t you sleep well last night ?
Don ’ t worry . It ’ s only a cold .
You're right.The air is so warm and everything looks so fresh and green .
Marvelous idea ?
Well , I like others very much , but I really don't think much of this one .
Yes , but I don't like the story .
It would be good for both if they lived separately . My parents want to live apart from us .
Young people ought to carry out their responsibilities . If it's needed , they would live with their parents .
You need a child first , and that's your duty , too .
It is just too much . Don ’ t you feel it is an exaggerating style to decorate offices in that way ?
Wow , I doubt that .
Oh yes I am . I have always wanted to go to the States . I love meeting new people and making new friends .
Well , there is one thing .
I am a little worried about my host family . You know , in the agreement , I have to do some cooking for them .
Well , I am just afraid they won't like my Chinese way of cooking .
Oh , let's hope so .
Well , I think this Star Wars episode is an excellent piece of work , but not as good as the previous ones .
Why do you think so ?
You are right . The special effects were amazing . And I like the fact that they created so many fantastic settings and otherworldly costumes , weapons and creatures .
Yeah ! It reminds me of the previous Star Wars scenes .
I thought the overall plot of the movie was very interesting , but I don't think the character development was that strong .
No , the casting is great and the actors were excellent . They just didn ’ t have a lot of funny or meaningful dialogues . The writing was also a little weak .
I liked him too . He is so cute ! You know , even though I was slightly disappointed , I can't wait for the next episode . I wonder when they ’ re going to start making it and when it ’ s scheduled for release ?
I hope so , too .
Okay , let's go !
Well , it ’ s not like that . We just e-mail , it ’ s really nothing . On top of which I am definitely thinking about stopping because it ’ s getting ...
Confusing . But not , because it ’ s nothing .
Oh , listen , I can ’ t even remember . Ok , on my birthday , I wandered into over 30 rooms , for a joke , sort of and he was there , and we started chatting ...
Oh , books , and music , how much we both love New York . Harmless , harmless , meaningless . Bouquets of sharpened pencils . Oh .
Forget it . We don ’ t talk about anything personal , so I don ’ t know his name or what he does or where he lives exactly . So it ’ ll be really easy for me to stop seeing him , because I ’ m not ...
Why ?
It's July 7th . Chinese Valentine's Day !
I thought you had trouble with Clive !
Poor guy ! It's not fair . You forgot it too .
Wow ! Good timing .
Come on . Two is company .
It's Valentine's Day . Come on . Just go .
Yes , certainly . How can I recognize him ?
Is there anything else ?
How old is he ?
Well . I shouldn ’ t have any trouble recognizing him . What time does his flight arrive ?
Oh , Steven , I made a big mistake .
I really wish I hadn ’ t done it .
I got caught cheating . I feel so ashamed . The teacher saw me and told me I failed .
You know my father . If I fail , he'll kill me . I have to do well .
I know ... I know ... it's all my fault . I feel awful that I didn ’ t study , and I cheated , and I got caught .
I'm fine , thanks . And you ?
Oh , nothing much really . And how is everything with you ?
What have you been doing ?
Really ? Good luck for them .
They're both very well , thanks .
I'm going to do some shopping . Why don't you come with me ?
It's been nice talking to you .
Thank you . Good evening , Mr.Dean .
I'm Helen Baker .
Glad to meet you , too .
I'm from New Zealand .
I'm a teacher .
What ? You ’ re tired ? But we just started about twenty minutes ago .
What ’ s the matter ? Didn ’ t you sleep well last night ?
Then when did you go to sleep ?
When ?
Oh , Susie . Didn ’ t I tell you over and over again that you wouldn ’ t be able to climb the mountain unless you got enough sleep ?
This is a one-day trip . We ’ ll have to keep going and try to reach the top by noon or give up right now and go home . Which one do you choose ?
So , make up your mind quickly . Whether to keep going or give up .
Yeah , it ’ s pretty nice , but its so red because of air pollution .
Yeah , the smog from all these cars gets into the air and turns the sunlight red .
Yeah , more people need to take public transportation or carpool .
Yeah , it ’ s your turn to drive next week . Don ’ t be late picking me up .
Well , give me a call if you can ’ t make it for some reason .
Thank you , same to you ! Lee , have you got any plans ?
How nice ! Have fun !
It ’ s none of my business .
I don ’ t say that . But it seems to me the housewife should do that .
Hum ...
Really ? I thought his wife couldn ’ t have a baby .
Oh , what a coincidence ! I bet Bobby must be very happy about it . He likes children and always wants a child of his own .
Oh , right . Now I know why they would want to see our boy . It ’ s hard to imagine the wonder ! Are they expecting a boy or a girl ?
Oh ! You mean she doesn ’ t have to work now ? It ’ s hard for young parents not to overreact , isn ’ t it ?
Yeah , the new ones can be tricky . What are you trying to buy ?
Are you ready to go ?
The money goes in the slot over there . It has to be smooth to go in .
Just remember that you might have to feed the money in a couple of times to get it to work .
Make your selection and hope for the best . Vending machines aren't all that reliable .
You seem to have it down . Have a good day !
Hello , Mr . Clark . You ’ re early for lunch . It ’ s only eleven o ’ clock .
What would you like today ?
And would you like salad ? The salad plate today is lettuce , tomatoes , and black olives .
I couldn ’ t find the book I was looking for .
I checked .
It should have been , but it wasn ’ t .
Will you be getting another copy anytime soon ?
Would you be able to reserve it for me ?
Thank you very much .
sure , I am a total internet junkie , I can't survive without internet .
well , there are a lot of things , like reading news , email , shopping , etc . but mostly I chat online . You could say I'm addicted to online chatting .
well , basically it's similar to face-to-face chat , but you type instead of talk . You should try it at least once .
to people all over the world ! I have a lot of net pals . See , the magic of internet is that it connects people from all over the world . You can chat with someone thousands of miles away as if they were
well , my suggestion for a newbie like you is that don't get lost in the cyberspace . You know internet won't do the filtration for you , so you still need to use your judgement . There are a lot of per
I am reading a book about money management .
Everyone wants to earn a lot of money . Don't you think so ? What's more , I am interested in money management .
Oh , I see . But a proverb says " Money makes the mare go . " I think it will be better if you have more money .
Thank you for your caring . I will .
Yes , it is .
Take it easy . There is still one more week left before the exam begins . Have you prepared for it well ?
Then shall we make preparations together ?
All right . But I am very poor at math . Would you like to help me with my math ?
Pity I haven't . If I can afford it , I'll certainly take a trip abroad .
How about going to italy next summer vacation ?
The cat has eaten my fish , I'll kill it .
I'll beat him .
Oh , thank you so much .
I really appreciated it .
It was so kind of you .
You ’ re a real friend in need .
Sounds good .
Just a minute . It's ten to nine by my watch .
What's the hurry ?
You've plenty of time yet . The railway station is very close . It won't take more than twenty minutes to get there .
Yes , I'm still working there . But I really find my job boring . I'd like to change my job .
I think I'm quite fit for a driver .
I don't care .
I haven't told them . Maybe I'll make them know after the vacation .
no . please sit down .
are you also going to Beijing ?
I'm taking a vacation to visit a friend there . Have you ever been there before ?
really ? What did you think ?
was it that crowded ?
oh , maybe I can take the bus or even rent a car .
thank you very much !
Yes I do , usually .
I don't like spending time on commercials.There ' re too many commercials on TV .
But the semester just started ? Why the rush ?
How often do you meet ?
What days , do you know ?
Okay , count me in .
His girlfriend dumped him , and he is tearing his heart out over her .
Love is blind , you know .
Nothing ' doing .
I haven't decided yet . What about you , Andy ?
But I don't know how to play basketball .
Oh , thank you so much .
I really appreciated it .
It was so kind of you .
You ’ re a real friend in need .
Hi , Linda . I have two concert complimentary tickets . Will you go with me tonight ?
It will be held at the Central Music Hall .
It ’ s a piano solo . I'm fond of piano , you know .
Let ’ s meet at the park at 6:00 .
So am I .
Of course not .
Laura .
I don ’ t think it ’ s very nice . And my father doesn ’ t like it . But my mother likes it very much . So we often come here .
Well , we come here almost every month .
It ’ s my mother . She ’ s fond of swimming . And the man beside her is my father .
No , I hate swimming . I prefer playing tennis .
Oh , you may call him Uncle , or Henry .
He's checking bags.He ' s an official in the customs .
We went to Malaysia and Thailand .
Well . We went bungee jumping when we were in Malaysia .
A little , but the rush was worth it .
We jumped off a bridge and fell 500 feet before the bungee cord caught us .
Yeah , It was scary but exhilarating .
Yes , the weather sure is nice today .
That sounds like a good idea.The sky is clear , the sun is shining and there's a nice cool breeze , so it is not too hot .
Hey , this spot in the shade looks really comfortable .
I don't think so . I say the weather report last night , and it said the weather should be fine all day .
Yes , I did .
I don't think much of the film .
Oh , I'm not sure I agree with you . It was not a good one , but it was not the worst one . Actually , it wasn't too bad .
What's more , some scenes were good , much fit for the children .
Really ? Who did you hear that from ?
Did you come late ?
Why is that ?
Oh , okay . Well , here you go .
Oh , wait , here are the rest .
Don't mention it .
Sure . Do you think that the total is wrong or that you got something marked wrong that should have been marked right ?
Let's just go over all of it to double-check .
Here is the answer sheet . Do you see a place where I marked something wrong that should have been right ?
OK , now that we've gotten those straightened out , let's total the score .
Well , if I total that like this and divide by this number , I get this total . Do you agree ?
Well then , we are all straight . Have a good day and thanks for bringing that to my attention .
What kind of movie is it ?
Oh , I've no interest in such films .
Yeah . I could not stand living here . There is always much noise in the neighborhood .
You know , on weekends when we wanted to have late rise in the morning , our neighbour started to raise Cain .
He's very strict with us .
Indeed . He's strict with himself too . We can see every lecture of his is well-prepared .
What--is tomorrow night something special ?
I don't need to drink every weekend . I could be happy just staying home , you know .
Do you feel like dancing ?
Alright.At least that's better than sitting in a bar with your alcoholic friends .
No , maybe they're not . But they're close .
Let's go to the Latin Club . I think they will have a Brazilian band there this weekend . Maybe it's Friday night .
The New Bar is all techno music on Friday night.You really want to dance to that ?
No . But they play techno all the time . It drives me crazy after forty minutes.And anyhow , if we go to the Latin Club you could actually learn some Latin dance steps.At the New Bar you'll just shake yourself around for an hour.And then you'll get sick of stand you'll want to go get drunk somewhere where the drinks are cheaper . I know you .
Oh . You mean Jerry's , over on the east side.That wasn't my idea going there .
It's true . I would never go there again either.Country music is a nightmare . So is it the Latin Club ?
Well , it seems you'll have to learn some Spanish too , won't you ?
Definitely . I need to have enough time to have a rest on this weekend . We worked like bees in the whole working days .
Let me think . Oh , awful ! I still have not finished the chart which was assigned by Mr . Wharton on Friday . So that task will make my busy .
So what ?
20/350 .
Oh , yes , it is .
You'll find out when we're in the woods and you have to go to the bathroom ...
Let's just say I'll have it easy ...
Oh , yes ?
Mmm .
Really ?
Oh , yeah , that's embarrassing when that happens .
I stayed up all night writing a report .
Terrible .
I ’ Ve got a fever and really a bad headache .
I ’ Ve already tried some but it didn ’ t help .
Yeah , I guess I should .
Thank you very much .
Are you sure ? Who told you that ? I highly doubt that they would take the step to merge into one company ... They're supposed to be bitter enemies , the strictest of competitors.It must be a rumor.It can't be true .
The competition must have been too stiff for U-Tunes.Otherwise why would they allow themselves to be taken over by their sworn enemy ?
Of course , I'd like to .
What is in it ?
Do you get along with your roommates ?
Which floor are you on ?
Oh , you can climb the stairs as a workout .
Wow , your roommates are cleaning the room .
Oh , no . I don't think I'm in that good form .
To where exactly ?
That's still too far for me .
If you gotta go , you gotta go .
I'm sorry , Steven .
I know . But I ’ m not ready for married life yet .
Your way does touch my heart .
I want to think of it for some time .
No , she's wearing my Chinese zodiac sign .
Yeah , are you surprised ?
Let me see . It's five minutes to eleven .
I think so . I see it by the radio this morning .
It ’ s hard to say . Language isn ’ t like other studies .
I ’ m not kidding . Learning a language is a question of forming language habits and that takes time .
No . You just have to stay here long enough to get some orientation . Then you go on practicing and learning outside . A lot of learning depends on your personal motivation .
You said it .
You can say that again . The sunny shining and there ’ s pleasant raise . it ’ s so lovely
That ’ s correct . we have four seasons of spring
What makes you say that ?
But everything has been so easy .
Yeah , you never look at the positive side of things .
Er ... no , go ahead .
Nice to meet you , Karren . I'm Tim Wang .
How can you be so sure ? You haven ’ t been together with her , have you ?
Then try it yourself .
I'd be glad to tell you what I think .
If I were you , I would change the beginning . You should write about your education first because we like to judge a man by his abilities .
I think it's too short . You'd better say something about your work experience .
Very good . But you should talk about your family , too .
There ’ s an interesting interview with a top fashion designer about the latest fashions . I enjoyed reading her thought . The which ? section is very interesting this month . They tested facial cleaners . T
Which tests do you mean ?
Oh , I see . I like to do those tests , too , but I don ’ t take them seriously .
You ’ re right . It ’ s sometimes hard to tell which pages are advertisement and which ones are articles .
But whenever we play , you just sit on the sand , drink beer , and watch the girls !
To be honest , I don't think you could even win a gold in hopscotch !
I'm sorry , but I have an appointment this evening.How about tomorrow evening ?
Very interesting !
How about going to dance ? There is a very good nightclub nearby .
I'm glad you like it.The band is called " Four and One " . They are especially good at playing rock and roll .
Then you must be interested in disco dancing , aren't you ?
OK . Let's disco .
That's a waltz . Would you like to try it ?
All right . Let me get you something to drink .
Right . You're right . But she's just evil . Someone should drive a stake through her heart .
I'm OK . I'll be fine . I'v cool . I'm cold . I'm like ice . She won't know what hit her .
I would like to check out a book .
I don ’ t have a library card .
Sure . That would be great .
Okay . Here you go .
Here you go .
Thanks . Now I ’ d like to check out this book .
Why not ! It ’ s a classic ; in fact , it ’ s one of my favorite novels .
Don ’ t judge a book by its cover . Do you Kwon what it ’ s about ?
First of all , it ’ s a romance novel , set in the early 19th century .
It ’ s basically about a father who tried to marry off one of his five girls .
Since he doesn ’ t have a son , he hopes that one of the girls will marry a wealthy man . That way , all of his daughters will be cared for .
No , that ’ s the problem . Though they are well-off , once he dies , his house will go to his cousin . So , when he dies , the girls will have nothing .
So , are you going to read the novel or watch the movie ?
That ’ s probably because she wants you to read the book first .
How about this . When you finish the book . I ’ ll get the movie and watch it with you .
I don't know , what's wrong ?
Maybe you should ask him openly .
There are hundreds and hundreds . English is particularly rich in idiomatic expressions .
I'll look up the rate . To look up doesn't mean to look high into the sky or to look at the roof . It means to search for and find some information .
That is just a natural , grammatical English expression . It has a direct translation in other languages .
Good morning , Miss White . You are half an hour early .
Come on over . This is your desk , and this is your time card . Be sure to clock in and out before and after you work .
One more thing , keep your desk neat . It's the rule . There is no exception , even the art designers have to keep their desks neat .
Not belong . You can use them as long as you work here . When you quit , you ’ ll have to return them to the company .
The operator will put all your calls through . You don't have to worry about that .
Of course you can . Every one has his personal matters to deal with more or less , but don't chat over the phone . What's more , don't let it hinder your work and the company's business .
When you settle down , I'll show you around and introduce you to the department managers .
Please come in , Mr.Jackson .
What do you mean ?
I think the Romans do what everyone else does .
And Roman really loves life . He knows how to enjoy himself .
Really ?
By air of course .
what about renting a restaurant and treating the employees to a nice dinner ?
okay , let me think . What about a party-and-movie night ? We can rearrange our reference room , invite a band to play some music , order in some food and watch a movie later .
well , we can ask people to make small contributions .
BYOB ? What's that ?
so we're just going to have a party where they bring their own drinks and we just give them some snacks ? I don't know how well that will go over .
oh , that sounds like fun !
It's convenient . People in network go everywhere by subway if they don't drive .
What's the difference ?
What can you see from a tram or a double-decker ?
But they are not as convenient as the subway .
Well , maybe you are right . We'll be more amused in a tram or a double-decker than on the subway .
What about the tickets ? I've already bought them .
What news ?
You know what we will get ?
What docking station ?
Another big step forward in saving on our office equipment , I don ’ t need a desktop anymore . A laptop is enough .
Go ahead .
Come on . Don ’ t hesitate .
Sure ! What exactly do you have questions about ?
Well , let me take a look at my grade book . How do YOU think you are doing ?
Well , your scores show that you could do a little better . What do you think you could improve on ?
Fine ! Please remember that regular attendance is the most important way to begin .
I'm sure you'll do fine .
That's fate .
Maybe this is God's will .
good morning , Gav ! Did you sleep well last night ?
that's great news ! You look much more relaxed than you did yesterday .
what's that ?
that's annoying , but nothing to worry about .
just breathe deeply when you feel yourself getting upset .
is there anything else bothering you ?
do you have any other plans this weekend ?
try not to take on more than you can handle .
OK . Are you sure it's funny , though ?
OK .
I see .
Oh , that's funny !
Oh , sorry .
A car door ? You mean just one car door ?
Well ...
I am always on the look out for such girls .
Mark is one of them . He has trouble with a girl who turned out to be a dead beat .
How about going to the theatre ?
Well , what do you like doing ?
I like painting , sailing , watching football and talking to you .
Do you want to go to an Exhibition ? There ’ s one of xinghai exhibitions hall tomorrow .
Young people enjoy pop songs more .
But you don't have such a problem as to pop songs .
Well , the first year of our marriage , we had great difficulty getting along . The things that are important to me are not important to him . We had a lot of conflicts .
And now we have a two-year-old boy . We ’ re very happy that he ’ s healthy and smart .
Right now he speaks mostly Chinese , and he can say a few English words . But he will learn .
Yes , people surely can . He ’ s whiter than the Chinese kids , and his hair is a little blonde . My husband says his eyes are very Chinese though .
Thank you . I am very happy to have this opportunity to learn something new . You know information and knowledge in this field update very fast .
Yes , according to the agenda , there will be a seminar on these issues at the very beginning of the training course .
I will do my best .
Yeah . Well it's quite some days since we were together last summer.How is everything going ?
Congratulations !
The ceremony will begin at 9 0 ' clock . After the ceremony , there's a reception . By the way , do you know why they have chosen September 9th for their wedding ceremony ?
As in English , Chinese also has some lucky numbers . The number 9 stands for perpetuity in Chinese .
Oh , Mike . How are you doing ?
Well , I prefer yogurt to all the other drinks . Have you ever tried a kind of yogurt with old milk in it ? It tastes great and very healthy too .
Why don ’ t you go ahead of me ? I have more items than you .
You ’ re welcome . It was good seeing you again .
We export some coal to European countries , but our biggest exports is copper , which we export to Europe , north America , and China .
We import a little oil from Venezuela , but we are fairly self-sufficient . We import some iron and a lot of aluminium from neighbouring countries .
Yes , that ’ s right . So far , only small deposits have been found . Engineers in my country are focusing on drilling for oil . The government is keen to exploit our natural resources to get money to improve our country .
Yes . We need to put the money into long-term projects rather than wasting it on short-term ones .
It's ages since I went to see a film .
But now I would stay at home watching TV .
Dinner ? Where ?
What kind of food do they serve ?
Oh really ! That sounds lovely .
We'd better have a heart-to-heart talk with him .
Of course not . Let's talk to him in a very friendly way .
I didn't really like it .
I found it very disappointing .
I wasn't happy with it .
It's us .
Well , you always say you're busy .
And you often go back to live with your parents and leave our son in the room by himself .
Oh I remember , I cut terrible calls , and you didn't say anything about it .
Totally not . Perhaps it's about our marriage .
Yes , we're all proud of her !
Cheers !
So ?
You mean finally Henry bought the broken car himself .
Not really . I wasn thinking of maybe going to a movie . Do you want to go with me ?
Have you heard of Hot Fuzz ?
That's the one . It's an actioncomedy . What do you think ?
What do you have in mind ?
Isn't that the chick flick with Kate Hudson and Owen Wilson ?
Not really . Do you like biographical / drama films ?
Anne Hathaway is in a new movie called Becoming Jane which is based on a true story about Jane Austen .
It's on at 8 pm at the Phoenix Theatres . I have a membership there , so I can book the tickets ahead of time .
Sounds good . I'll see you then !
He has no sense .
But Joe won't you .
Not much . Joann . Do you want to hang out ?
Me , too . What would you like to do ?
I have , actually . How about the movie , Million Dollar Baby with Clint Eastwood ?
We could , but it looks like it ’ s going to rain soon .
I ’ d really rather not . I ’ ll be too tempted to buy something that I can ’ t afford !
I don ’ t know . Do you want to go bowling at the new bowling alley on 1st street ?
Let ’ s see . Do you want to go to a bar and sing some karaoke ?
Doesn ’ t sound like that ’ s be fun , then . Do you want to come here ?
Goodness , we ’ re not having much luck here , are we ?
No , but I could take the bus .
That sounds great ! Have you eaten ?
Perfect . Are you prepared to give me all your money ?
Oh , right . I suppose so . As long as you promise to lose !
See you soon .
Yes , it is .
No , she ’ s average .
They ’ re dark gray .
It ’ s blond .
I don ’ t know .
My father failed in business .
Maybe it is the most difficult period of my family have experienced .
No , not now . I have found a part-time job . So perhaps I can help my family to come over the difficulties .
Thank you .
Thank you .
She has been admitted to Yale with a scholarship .
Thank you .
To Australia . I'm going to visit my uncle in Brisbane for three weeks .
By air , of course . It takes over two weeks to go by sea .
Why ? Did you feel frightened ?
What did the pilot do ?
Did you land safely ?
Yes . To be frank , I really love him to death .
Why do you say that ?
You really think so ?
I sure hope so .
I think you must have heard wrong.The truth is we are going to be taken over by Trusten.We are being bought out , and our company will be merging with our largest competitor.It ' s not good news at all ...
Probably.The new owners will be coming to start alignment meetings nextweek.One of the big question is what to call the new conglomerate company .
It's not only the name of our company that will change ... I expect that after this acquisition , there'll be a ton of things up in the air .
I'd like to , but I've got to write a term paper . It will be due by this Thursday .
I know it is no good for my health if I am staying in the classroom all day . But how about my paper ?
I'm terribly sorry I can't go with you . Shall we find some other time ?
Yes , all of us have naps .
No , not at all .
Pretty good . How's your business going , Kevin ?
You look great ! However , I think you are a little over dressed for dinner .
Yes , but not the Ritz Carlton , the " Ritz " is a pizza place with peanut shells on the floor .
I'll wait right here for you Superman .
Can we go to the Carlton next time and can you wear that fabulous suit ?
What did he aim at ?
How could he have such an ill intention ? I think your father can see that through .
Are you sure ? He is quite young , isn't he ?
Really ? He looks so young .
Really ? My name is Gretchen Hammer . What is your name ?
Jacob Hammer . He is originally from Holland .
It's really a small world , isn't it ! The Hammer family isn't very big .
I always make time for family .
How do you pay for it ?
Tell me if you need help .
Okay.But our baby has fallen sleep .
But where's the switch ?
I ’ m looking forward to seeing Westminster abbey , where many historic figures are buried , like Isaac Newton , the great mathematician and Winston Churchill , the great wartime leader .
Women have often played an important role in british history . Queen Elizabeth I built a navy strong enough to fight off the Spanish armada in 1588 . more recently , Margaret thatcher transformed british
There ’ s a lot to see there . Perhaps we should go tomorrow .
I ’ Ve seen them before . They ’ re quite incredible . If you want to see historical figures in London , there ’ s one place you have to go .
There you can see british leaders , entertainers , criminals , and royalty .
It ’ s all my faults . I forget where I put it .
That's true . Her husband is a fat cat .
She is only after his money .
But many girls nowaday do want to marry a man filthy with dough .
So what ?
Wow , I like concerts .
No , have they have another fight ?
You must be joking.Those two .
So when did this happen ?
Well , I believe it now , and when are they are getting marry ?
I can hardly believe it .
The reason is that he once was bitten by a dog .
That's right . They always talk about a need for new , progressive tactics , but they haven't done anything to stimulate new jobs .
The worst part is that the inflation hurts the poor more than the rich . It also leads to more unemployment in the long run . I don't know what a good solution would be to make the economy more vibrant again ...
Thank you . My wife would be very happy to hear this .
You bet .
What happened ?
That's serious .
So now Mexican pesos are worth about half as much .
Wow . I feel sorry for the Mexicans . But it's good for us .
Yes , and you know what ?
I don't really like this hotel that much.So tonight , now that we are so rich , tonight why don't we stay in the most expensive hotel in town ?
Yeah . I like it , Dad .
Really ?
Why don't you ask your husband to help you with it ?
What ’ s the matter ? What annoy you ?
That's right . But feeling sorry for someone is one thing , and sticking to our principles is another . We must make a clear cut between them .
Ha ha , right . Sounds to me like you ’ re more excited about the dumplings than seeing your Grandma .
Son , firecrackers aren ’ t toys.they ’ re dangerous !
Whoa , don ’ t you remember ? Last year when I set off the firecrackers , you covered both your ears and hid behind your mother ?
Ahahah ... really ?
Hey , I offered last year ...
Well , I have them in my bag . I'Il put them on right away !
Thanks !
No , I haven't . I've tried hard to remember and I'm quite sure I've memorized the rhythm correctly .
That's my cousin Hubert . He likes smiling .
Sure , he's ready to be friendly with anyone .
Excuse me.What did you say ?
That's incredible . I cann't believe it .
How amazing !
I am worried .
My exam .
I feel very nervous about it .
I think most people treat animals well , but we are often cruel to animals . When we raise animals for food , the conditions they live in are often poor .
What would you do with all the animals ? You couldn ’ t just let them go . Besides , some people would still hunt them . Meat has become an integral part of our diet .
That ’ s true . I think zoo are a good idea , because they allow people to get close to animals . I think it ’ s good for kids to see wild animals .
I read that the number of animals being used in experiments is falling dramatically as new techniques are being introduced .
Sometimes you read about people who have been cruel to pets or other animals , but those stories are rare .
Yes , I have . They do an excellent job .
Yes , I've been thinking about visiting you . I hope to get some advice from you .
My field is electronic engineering . Which country do you think I should go ?
Which university should I apply to ?
Oh , I see . Thank you very much .
Great !
We go way back.We ' Ve known each other since we were toddlers .
Yeah , We're buddy-buddy still .
Well , he is , but he can be conniving at times .
Well , I know that he would never stab me in the back.But I've seen him double cross other people .
Don't get me wrong , I'm not saying he's like that all the time .
Well , I think you should decide for yourself .
Okay , Okay.You can trust him . I was just trying to give you a hard time .
Actually , he's the most dependable person I know , and he would never turn on anyone .
Oh , it seems there is nothing that evening .
I'd like to , where ?
When ?
I'll go in time , thank you .
Yes . I'd like to borrow these books .
Thanks .
What happens if I'm not finished with them in a month ?
OK . Thank you very much for your trouble .
Yeah , I've been working so much overtime lately .
My boss gave me a big project . I had to have it finished by this morning . It was so difficult .
I know , but hard work pays off . You know .
Maybe now I'll get that promotion I was hoping for .
I like it . It's a beautiful country .
The best island of Korea-Jizhou island .
Attractive scenery , pleasant climate , these make it charming .
What do you mean ?
Yes , you are right .
Dress casually .
I am just casting pearls before swine .
Yes , I saw one . Believe me .
They have moved to Chicago .
Mr.Smith has changed his job .
We went to the coast . It's really a nice place for camping , really good time around the fire singing and dancing .
There were six of us .
Yes , we got wet through . But we still enjoyed ourselves .
Sure , I'm heading out myself . Enjoy your evening .
Thanks for the warning ! See you tomorrow !
Where else haven't we been to yet ?
Sounds great ! How many kinds of folk collections do they have ?
Private collectors ! They must have excellent collections . I'II go and see each of them . What kinds of collections can I see ? Come on , don't keep me in suspense !
Enough ! I can't wait anymore .
Number 7 and 9 of the Row 11 in the stalls , aren't they ?
What a nice theatre ! I guess it can seat hundreds of people .
Look . It's begin .
It's so interesting , I like it very much .
I appreciate what you have done for me.Everything I have seen here has left a deep impression on me . I really don't know how to express my thanks to you .
Will you be kind to say " Thank you " to Mr.Zhang and other friends for me ?
Of course , I will.Well , it's time for me to say goodbye.The plane will take off soon.Hope some day you will come to America for a visit .
Goodbye !
Well , I wouldn't swim in it - but the water is much cleaner than it was a few years ago .
Yes , but it must be treated in an effluent treatment plant first .
This is very beautiful . Though I have to confess , I don ’ t know the first thing about farming !
What was that ?
And that ?
What was that ?
You know what ? I don ’ t think I can hack it here out in the countryside . I ’ m going back to the city !
Yes , sir ?
I used to play football regularly when I was at university.And I used to do athletics in the summer .
I was a runner_a long-distance runner .
No . I'm afraid I haven't had time since I got married .
Certainly , sir .
Thank you . I wasn't sure if it looked okay or not .
I'm glad that you think so . I thought it might be a bit too revealing .
I got it on sale down at the department store .
I was just there a couple of days ago . You know , you should go down there too . They have a lot of stylish clothes on sale .
Anything you want . They have both casual and formal styles .
That's a good idea .
Yeah , she has a lot of homework .
Right . So in some way we are happier .
What are you doing ? Is anything wrong ?
Oh , yes , of course . I'm sorry-I wasn't thinking ...
That's unavoidable , but think , How would you keep up to date without television ?
Look , you can still learn a lot from watching television , you just need to be smart when you're watching . Filter the information and decide if you believe what you are hearing or not .
Really ? Why ?
Again , you need to think carefully . If you don't trust others online , have nothing to do with them .
I beg your pardon ?
What did he say ?
Oh dear ! What did he tell you to do ?
Ten days ? Would you please repeat it again ?
You can say that again.The sun is shining and there is a pleasant breeze.It ' s so lovely .
That's correct . We have four seasons of spring .
Well , a lot of the games were pretty silly . I don't know how much it helped us to be a better team , but i think everyone had a good time .
Yeah , I guess you're right . I think the trust game was my favorite . I think in order to have a strong team , we've all got to learn how to trust each other more .
Yes , it is . Are you here on business ?
I ’ m going there for a tour , too . Is this your first trip to China ?
Why don ’ t we go together ? I can show you around . I think you ’ ll have a better time .
Great , let ’ s go !
I think that , as more people use the Internet for both work and pleasure , it makes more sense as a tool to connect with people , and the stigma of meeting someone online is reduced .
I would say do not make the e-mail exchange too long . A lot of times a connection via e-mail creates almost a false sense of intimacy . Quickly make sure there is a connection in the physical world .
I'd suggest you not give out too much personal information , like your home address , until after several dates . Just keep up the same guards you would keep up if you were meeting any stranger .
Well , for a site like ecrush.com , since their debut in Valentine's Day in 1999 , of the 1.5 million people who have joined ecrush.com , 300000 have actually matched .
Yes , the couple that I highlighted at today's show met on Match.com and they're getting married this summer .
Well , you don't seem to be interested in getting a real job , either .
Yeah , and every high school student in town is banging on your door , right ?
You're such a dreamer ! You think that you can spread the word of jazz in an underpass ?
Was it ?
Thank you.It was really a challenge to speak before such a large audience , you know .
He would get very angry if anyone criticized him .
If only he knew it .
It sounds cool . The rhythms look really difficult .
Well , black people are supposed to be great dancers .
Ha-ha ! You got me there !
I won't do it again . Please forgive me .
Well , it's OK , I suppose . We get about the equivalent of six months ' salary .
Maybe . But you'd be amazed at how little's left after the credit companies have deducted their share from my account .
Well , you're lucky that you're still able to make your payments . I missed a credit payment last month . Now my bank account's overdrawn , and the company is threatening to take back my purchases .
A new home health monitor .
You're kidding !
That's something else ! Maybe I'll return it to them .
I really liked living in Australia . I was an international student and I studied education at the university of Sydney . And living in Sydney was fantasticbecuase I could go to the beach anytime I wanted and there was a great nightlife in Sydney . There are lots of great clubs . And people were very , very friendly and easy-going and I met a lot of international people in living Sydney .
I was there for almost a year .
And I travelled a little bit in Australia . I went up the east coast . Up to Frasier Island . Which is a world heritage site . And I saw dingo running along the beach and sharks in the water . We climbed cliffs and went through a rain forest and went camping and then we went up to the ... , which is a but north . And the further north you go in Australia , the hotter it gets . So we were able to go swimming in the ocean and I went diving for the first time but it was a little bit risky cause I didn't have a diving license , so I went on an introductory dive and I saw a giant clam that had a really purple spongy inside that I was able to touch and then the clam closed up really quickly .
Almost .
Exactly .
I'd like to go and live there for at least another year . Probably I'll go back to Sydney or maybe I'll go down to Melbourne because it's a really interesting cultural city . They have lot of museums and parks .
For example ?
You have done excellent work .
Really ? How did you get the chance ?
My warmest congratulations on your entering the Oxford University .
Thanks , Miss . Wang .
Really ? I've already opened it . Great ! And it is exactly after my fancy . Thank you very much .
I don't know . Who ?
The Canadian rock singer ? But I heard you had a part-time job yesterday . How did you see her ?
So you're a big fan , eh ?
And she was in a movie once again , right ?
What was your impression of her when you saw her in person ?
Did you take a photo with her ?
Crazy !
I'm glad you came . I hope you enjoyed it .
Grades are based on many things
Actually I look at all of it and let's not forget class participation .
Homework , attendance , and quizzes are sixty percent ; the mid-term and final are worth twenty percent each .
I will allow one unexcused absence ; after that you need to contact me ahead of time .
You will be able to track your progress during the year .
How did you get that ? No need to show you my hand , I lose.This is not as much fun as the music concert we just saw .
They're quite popular now . Wasn't her voice good ?
Janet Jackson is more pop music.Shania sings country music . Celine just seems to hit all the right notes .
Yes , l have two of her Cds , l'II lend them to you if you like .
I hope you have a good stereo .
Because you have to hear it really loud to get the full concert effect .
My grandmother just passed away .
A couple of days ago . I just go back from the funeral .
No ... not really . The sad thing is that I wasn't there when she died . I really wanted to be there one last time .
Yeah . She died in her sleep .
At least she didn't suffer .
I know . But I miss her .
Yeah ? That's what I was thinking too . Thanks .
You're right ... I should eat something . Let's go .
It's hard to say , I like interesting and significant ones . I don't care whether they're blockbusters or not .
Very good , What's on ?
0kay . Dinner's on me .
Well , have you thought of getting an MBA ? I heard it does wonders in getting you to the top .
Nonsense ! The business schools measure your ability through a test called GMAT .
Graduate Management Admission Test , it contains three parts
Up to you , you could have a one on one session with a tutor or group sessions , you can also use free or private computer software . Going to church might help as well !
Umm . . . That's the spirit !
fine , thanks . How are you ?
oh , my lord . I haven't really started them .
I know but I was busy with my part-time job the last few days .
to be honest with you , Jason , I don't think I'm doing a very good job of balancing my schoolwork with my job . I'm always two steps behind . I've got to get back to the dorm and continue writing tha
Yeah of course ! Although , don ’ t you ever wonder what could have been ?
Well , sometimes I think of how things could have turned out if I had done things a little differently .
Like for example , if I hadn ’ t studied architecture , I would have become an artist like I wanted to .
You see ! Everything happens for a reason ! We wouldn ’ t even have met if I hadn ’ t been in that car accident ten years ago !
I ’ ll drink to that !
Well , I just saw a horror movie last night . It almost frightened me to death .
I don't care for a detective film . It also makes me nervous .
No , I don't think comedies today are natural or cheerful .
No , romance is boring .
Let's go to see a war movie , shall we ?
Certainly . Is there anything wrong ?
Okay ! What do you suggest ?
Is that so ? Why not ?
What's on ?
That sounds interesting . Which is the nearest ?
What time does it start ?
But we won't have enough time for dinner .
Ah ... I fancy going to the later show .
That's Okay , I think .
Out of the frying pan and into the fire .
Yes , he was 29 then .
See you . Have a nice day !
Are you deaf or what ?
Coco Lee .
Sure , here you go .
Of course . There you are .
Sorry , not yet ! can you help me to select the dress ? i don , t what i should wear to fit thinner party .
How about transom ?
Oh , i nearly forget it .
It's us .
Well , we used to talk to each other before we were married.Remember ?
Oh , yes , but we used to do so much together .
Back to live with my parents.That ' s something else I used to do before we were married.Remember ?
Oh , I know . When is it ?
What's on the test ?
Well . I think I'm going to fail my chemistry exam .
I'm not being pessimistic . I'm being realistic . My chemistry is so bad .
Thank you . That's very nice of you .
Yes , I am .
I actually transferred here from another school .
I transferred from PCC .
I love it here .
Don ’ t get me wrong . I like it here , but PCC is better .
Because I got my AA and now I am going towards my bachelor degree .
You are not the gray train , I guess . But bite the bullet and you'll soon be in the chips again .
But the darkest hour is the nearest dawn . I bet you'll soon turn the table .
Who was it ?
She never cares about others .
Her new boyfriend , right ?
I was also interrupted by her last week because of such a thing .
why ? Did tom pop the question ?
let me guess , your parents want you to marry a Chinese man , right ?
I used to have the same problem when I was with my ex .
I just let it go and continued dating with my Korean boyfriend . But finally we broke up .
simple . We had personality clashes and there were too many cultural differences .
he hoped to live in the Korean way and asked me to give up working and stay at home to take care of the family .
yes , he said it would be batter for me and for the whole family . But I simply can not quit working .
not really . There are many successful mixed marriage around us .
You look a bit pale , don't you ?
You should get plenty of sleep .
If I were you , I wouldn't drink too much .
You better do some exercise every morning .
Why do you worry about your future ? You're very young , and you'll make great contribution to the world . I hope you take my advice .
Emm ... yes . But I wasn't too impressed . I found her a little stuck up .
Tom ... you are her boss , you kown.Of course , she's helpful to you .
I don't think so actually . She never even says " hello " to me .
Huh ? Me ?
Why should I do that ? It's only a piece of garbage . Why should you care ?
Listen , I really don't know why you're making this into such a big issue . It's only a small piece of garbage in a large space . It's not like there's garbage everywhere . Besides , someone will come along to clean it up at some time or another .
Ok , whatever . See , I'm putting it in the garbage can .
I don't have any plans .
Well , yes , I ’ d like to , if it ’ s not too much trouble .
That ’ d be fine .
I've never really thought about it before . I guess it doesn't bother me .
I guess so . I usually buy name-brand clothing , shoes , and electronic goods . How about you ?
I know that advertisers are experts at persuading people to spend their money , I think brilliant items are usually higher quality than ~ grounds .
Do you have a brand preference for anything ?
What do you think about the " impossible is nothing " billboard on the high street ?
I think it's a brilliant advert ! It really grabs my attention !
I sat through about half of it but they lost me after that .
Not really , to be honest . Some of what they call fashion looks terrible to me .
All the rage with whom ? I never see anyone wearing these designs on the street .
What , it keeps coming back ?
Flares ?
It's too complicated . I'll just stick to the plain clothes .
That ’ s really a good phenomenon to see .
I know that . I met her last week , and she looked as pale as death .
That ’ s too bad . She ’ s been so kind to us all .
I want to see all places of renown in Suzhou .
By bike , of course.You don't want to miss the beautiful scenery , do you ?
How terrible !
I really don't want to go into the world , I feel afraid of it .
I know .
I know I'm late . I'm sorry . I tried to call you to tell you , but your phone seems to be disconnected .
Yes . An automatic message says your phone is not in service .
So I couldn't get through . I knew I'd be late because my car wouldn't start.It was too cold I had to warm it up in the garage with a heater . That's why I'm late .
About what ?
Well , the only thing you can do is tell the phone company and hope they fix it fast .
No . I hate cell phones.But you could go to a neighbor's house and use their phone .
Yes , of course I can drive you.So you don't want to get your phone fixed right away ?
Alright , let's go .
I'd like to very much .
Who's playing ?
Do you know what they are playing ?
And who is directing ?
I have an opening . Do you have an add sheet for me to sign ?
After I sign it , you must take it to the Admissions and Records Office to add the class . Do you know where that is ?
When you cross the quad , the office is right in front of you . Go inside and follow the signs to the correct line .
It should be easy to find . After you add the class , check with me in a few weeks to make sure that you are on my roll sheet .
Good , just make sure that you do the same thing if you ever need to drop a class . Good luck !
Let's plan a surprise party for him !
That's easy . Anything else ?
Won't he be surprised !
That's O . K . Maybe his wife will spill the beans !
Women in particular . They are anxious to get rid of those thick and clumsy winter suits and put on their new fashionable spring dress .
That's true . In summer , the first place people want to go is a spacious room with air-conditioning or a quiet river or swimming pool .
In autumn , almost all fruits are ripe and all crops are waiting to be harvested .
Well , winter is a season for relaxation , do you agree with me ?
Maybe you are right .
As a matter of fact , I am a bit upset . I just came out of a meeting and it didn't go very well .
No one would listen to any of my suggestions . Instead , they just kept arguing with each other .
Bob .
That's exactly what happened ! He kept interrupting everyone with his own suggestions and did not want to hear what others had to say . Then he expected everyone to agree with him .
We were trying to come up with ideas to streamline the office's workflow to make it more efficient .
Exactly . I had tons of ideas that I wanted to share , but they just wouldn't let me finish . What should I have done to get my point across ?
Short and sweet ? But what if I have to explain something complicated ?
That's a good idea , I think I will try that at the next meeting .
Good idea . Is there a good movie on ?
All right . But it'll be difficult to buy tickets I suppose .
What time does it begin ?
I'll come for you at about eight .
It would be very hard work . Are you sure ?
Running a farm would be totally different to you current job .
You ’ d need a lot of training before becoming a farmer . It ’ s not something you can just walk into .
Well , I ‘ d certainly come and visit you . It would be great to take a working holiday on a farm . I ’ d love to get away from hustle and bustle of the city for a while .
Yes , sir .
Excuse me , sir . This air compressor doesn't work .
Yes , I have .
Thank you .
Really ? When did that happen ?
Have they set a date for the wedding ?
Are you trying to lose weight ?
You don ’ t have to starve yourself to lose weight . I think that ’ s where you ’ re going wrong .
Not really . You should try to not eat foods high in calories , salts or saturated fats . Stay away from oily food and artificial flavors .
Yes ! You can also try to reduce your intake of carbohydrates and foods that are high in cholesterol . You can have steamed veggies or increase your protein intake found in chicken or fish .
Don ’ t count on it .
Which song ?
No , I've never heard of this song before . It's beautiful ! Who sing it ?
No . How about going to karaoke tonight ?
Fine .
Oh , I have been with my uncle for a week .
He is an accountant . I have been helping him for a week .
Yeah . How are you these days ?
Oh , Diane and I went for a drive in the country on Saturday .
We drove to the lake and had a picnic . We had a great time ! How about you ? Did you do anything special ?
That old thing ! Why don't you just buy a new one ?
So soon . Why don ’ t you stay a little longer ?
Oh . It ’ s pity you have to leave .
I'm glad you enjoy it .
Oh , I ’ m sorry . It completely slipped my mind .
Definitely , I ’ m really sorry .
But I ... I don't agree with that , because computers weaken kids ' ability to think , because kids don't learn basic skills .
They can't spell , they can't add , they can't subtract , they even don't remember any more.that ' s because they rely on gadgets .
Well , black is a better color than pink . Pink ’ s for girls .
Because ... oh , all right . You win . Let ’ s pay for them and go .
Sure , what's up ?
Good question . I have to think about it .
France ? Is he crazy ?
Well , how do I put this ? France is a terrible team .
Nice to meet you .
I ’ m Rose Teller . I think I ’ Ve seen you somewhere before ?
Yes , I was . You work for 3M , right ?
Good .
I ’ m a fashion designer . Next month , I have a fashion show . I ’ d love it if come . I can get you a couple of tickets . So you can bring a friend if you like .
Thank you .
Doctor Butcher .
No , not at all.it ' s about how to keep fit .
That ’ s the ratio of the circumference of a circle to its diameter , I think .
It ’ s approximately 3.14 , but the number continues forever . What ’ s the diameter of your circle ?
Ok . My next problem is to convert 10000 british pounds into us dollars . What ’ s the exchange rate at the moment ?
That means that 10.000 pounds will buy me 18.500 dollars .
Fractions . What ’ s a quarter and an eighth ? That ’ s three-eights . Easy . The next question is “ what are prime numbers ? ” .
So , 1,2 and 3 are prime numbers , but 4 isn ’ t because 2 * 2 = 4 .
How many seconds in an hour ? 60 seconds multiplied by 60 minutes equals 3600 seconds altogether .
Perfect . Couldn't be better !
It's just what I wanted .
I'm really pleased with it . Thanks .
It's super .
Don't worry about it , Lin.That ' s no big deal.You know , Americans appreciate China's rich culinary culture . Just excuse me for a second while I check the number here and figure out how much to give the waiter.Hmm , by the way , what do you do about tipping in China ?
No tipping ? Now that's what I call a civilized system .
What about cab drivers and porters ?
You'd have a revolution on your hands if you tried to introduce that sort of system here .
Oh , I took up a new hobby .
No , Frank . I'm much more interested in collecting stamps now .
It certainly is . It's so much fun .
Absolutely . Through all kinds of stamps I am able to learn about the world .
You're right . And I also meet many new friends while collecting stamps .
Sometimes we even spend hours discussing our collections .
Yes , it's really amazing . I got to go now . I'm meeting with some other collectors .
See you , Frank .
Don't be scared.Bite the bullet and everything will be right again .
It sure is.The Grand Canyon is truly masterpiece . No man could ever make anything like this .
It is the Colorado River . You will go down the river in a boat if you wish .
There is a beautiful state park here . I can see why so many people come out here to camp .
It definitely is a nice change from the polluted and crowded city .
What ? That would be to cut off your nose to spite your face .
Call the police .
After six months , my college life will come to the end . The following trouble will be the job-hunting . That's really a headache .
It sounds reasonable . Maybe I should look on the bright side .
I am worried .
My exam .
I feel very nervous about it .
I didn't make the soccer team .
Don't brother me !
Sorry , Sally , it's not your fault .
I drew a blank on ~ about the test .
Yeah , but nothing was clear during the test .
I'm thinking of dropping out .
I'm dead serious about this , Sally .
No , I can't agree with you . She's one but not the other .
She's my wife , you know .
No , what's up ?
You're joking !
I ’ m not in the mood .
I was told my girlfriend was speaking ill of me . That ’ s a real let-down .
But she did and made me disappointed .
But she means a lot to me .
Oh . I just can ’ t forget it .
I'd be glad to tell you what I think .
If I were you , I would change the beginning . You should write about your education first because we like to judge a man by his abilities .
I think it's too short . You'd better say something about your work experience .
Very good . But you should talk about your family , too .
It's hard to believe that we're really leaving . The past two weeks was like a dream .
And the people were so friendly !
Do you still remember the small restaurant at the corner of the street ?
I ate so much that I wasn't hungry until afternoon the next day .
Maybe we can come here again next summer .
Hey , what's the time ?
Don't worry . We can call a cab . It'll be alright .
No , they live in Shanghai , my hometown .
Once a year .
I missed it . I watch a live show of a concert .
Love Music Woman
Wow , what a lovely cake .
Oh , they all went out ! Did you make a wish ?
Better luck this time .
What is it ?
Do you mean you want to sell up your company of your own ?
That ’ s not a bad idea . Bet after all you should get some sound financial guarantee .
Summers is hot and usually lasts a long time . Winters are short , but cold , wet , and windy . I love the summers in my city , but I hate the wintertime .
We usually get a big thunderstorm every two weeks , but apart from that , summers are dry . Thunderstorms make the air fresh again , so most people don ’ t mind then .
I like spring because flowers bloom and trees grow leaves again . In spring , the weather is very changeable-sometimes cold , sometimes warm . It ’ s usually windy with some rain . Autumn is usually sunny an
Do you usually go on a summer holiday ?
I usually go on holiday during the spring or the autumn . I try to go somewhere where the weather is more reliable than in my city .
oh .
sure .
the train ? Will I be flying back then ?
will the train be very crowded ?
when is the first meeting then ?
where will I be staying ?
that's very sensible . Would it be alright if I left early today to prepare for the trip ?
I'm sorry . I forget all about it .
It's leap my mind . I really feel terrible about it .
I'm really sorry I let you down . I'll make it up to you somehow .
You know that is tempting but is really not good for our fitness .
Do you really think so ? I don't . It will just make us fat and act silly . Remember last time ?
I suggest a walk over to the gym where we can play singsong and meet some of our friends .
Sounds great to me ! If they are willing , we could ask them to go dancing with us . That is excellent exercise and fun , too .
All right .
Well , to start with , Markweed Inc . has a reputation for being one of the best employers in the field .
First of all , they have an excellent benefits package for all employees , even the maintenance staff have health and dental coverage .
From what I hear , they are very reasonable . A lot of the prestige the company has built is because they have attacked some high profile employees with their incentives .
It's a great place to work . They give you fair pay and benefits , and a lot of room to grow . I think if they off you a job , you should definitely take it .
Fortunately , there is no person died .
Yeah . Earthquake is one of the most badly natural disasters in the world .
Well , China is located on the Eurasia plate , where earthquakes happen frequently due to the earth's plates knocking against each other .
Yeah , we've experienced the 8.0 magnitude earthquake in Wenchman .
Right . But people at that time only know two words , " save " and " assistance " , they will never don't lift a finger . Life is the most important compared with anything else .
You can renew the books over the computer .
Don ’ t be fool . I ’ ll always side with you .
Yes , I played with Tony and John .
We all went swimming .
No , we aren't . We're going to help Mr Smith to plant some flowers .
Yes , we are . We can neither play football nor do our homework today .
Yes , we certainly are . But Mr Smith is going to pay us for all the work we'll do .
Hi , Malia ! What a nice home !
How long have you lived here ?
Well , it is very beautiful .
Good ! I am really thirsty . You know it really is hot outside !
Mango juice would be perfect . Thank you !
There is some , but my country is not amongst the leading producers . The oil and coal deposits are in the north of my country . Your country is a big oil producer , isn ’ t it ?
We have some too . Do you have a lot of coal ?
There are a few in my country . We have deposit of gold , but they are very small .
That ’ s right . A few people go panning for gold in rivers .
It ’ s a natural resources that we hardly use . Government policy is to conserve those forests .
Is your country ’ s environment being damaged by the oil industry ?
Why not ?
So what ? His father is in prison , not he .
just after 2 am .
nope , actually I was waiting for you . I have something big to tell you .
I have an offer to work for a company in your city today ?
I haven't accepted the position yet and with the upcoming holiday I think it's the perfect chance to visit the city and take a good look at the company before deciding . If you have time I think we c
me too . But I think I am going to bed now . my head is getting heavy . Have a nice day there !
talk to you later .
I know . I know . I don ’ t smoke too much , though .
About a pack , more if I drink .
No , I ’ m not . My father smoked two packs a day for forty years .
Yeah ... you ’ re right . I really should stop smoking .
I didn't like her butting in where I didn't want her . She's a chatter box .
I know . But I just can't stand her butting in when I was trying to emphasize a point .
Hello !
Yeah , my name is Nandu .
Yeah , my name is like N-A-N-J-U .
I'm from Madras .
I'm sorry .
Isn't there some way you could work your schedule out to be here ?
How are you going to catch up ?
If you miss this class , you will have used up your quota for the semester .
Make sure to remind me right before you are absent .
Enjoy your day off and don't forget to study !
Is it formal or informal ?
In that case , formal suit with a nice tie will be better .
The brown leather shoes are OK .
Don ’ t mention it .
He's the nicest boss I've had .
What's more , he said I was the hardest working person in the office !
I hope so .
Yeah . Water pollution has for a long time been a major concern among the environmental issues .
They could generally be divided into two categories , direct and indirect contaminant sources .
Yeah . They are emitted directly into urban water supplies .
Indirect sources include contaminants that enter the water supply from soils or groundwater systems and from the atmosphere via rainwater .
Sure . It's an issue asking for everyone's participation .
But to me it's really enjoyable .
Maybe so .
Why don ’ t you find a new career where you can do what you enjoy , being outside working during the day ?
Maybe you have two choices . You could attend school during the day , or you could get a position that provides training .
What time are you leaving ?
Take care and give my best to your parents .
Don't forget to call us if you're in Tokyo .
How many members are there in your forum ?
I think we can visit West Lake . The landscapes are attractive . It is said that just as there is paradise in heaven , there are Su Thou and Hang Thou on earth .
What can we do next after locating the place ?
When is the last time you talked to you parents ?
Are you going to see them soon ?
OK . And who are you more like , your mother or your father ?
Alright , no problem .
Wait a minute . Cal's bar ?
That's a gay bar .
I thought he was maybe gay , but I wasn't sure.Anyhow , you don't expect me to go into a gay bar , do you ?
Why doesn't he meet us outside ?
Yeah , but who wants to go in ? I'm not gay , you know . Why should I go in a gay bar ?
I just wouldn't be comfortable .
No , never .
Well ...
No , I don't . But I never went into a gay bar before .
Okay . I will try it . I suppose it isn't reasonable for me to refuse to go in.After all , gay people aren't afraid to go into normal bars .
Fine .
Bite your tongue ! I ’ m already at the end of my rope . Some nights I don ’ t sleep at all . John manages to sleep like a log even when the babies are screaming at the top of their lungs .
I wouldn ’ t say that I had the time of my life but at least everything went without a hitch .
Yep . The steaks and chicken are marinated and I also bought hamburger buns .
Yeah , good idea.We can put some lawn furniture outside next to the grill . I also set up the tent outside so we can hide from the sun if it gets too hot .
This is gonna be a great barbecue !
It ’ s still touch and go . We don ’ t see how she can make it .
Yes , it is.It ' s wonderful after the downpour .
I hope it stays nice like this for a long period of time .
You're right.We don't know what is going to be like tomorrow .
The weatherman predicts a fine day today .
Good morning ! Can you help me , please ? I'm looking for some books for my mother .
She's very fond of detective stories ?
Oh , yes !
I'm not sure , but she probably won't remember if she has ! She's very forgetful !
She's eighty-seven .
Thank you . That's a good idea.she likes exciting books . Can you suggest another one ?
No , you don ’ t have to . But I think you ought to .
As you know , China has a single-child policy . Therefore , there ’ s just my husband , my daughter and I . What about in your family ?
Not anymore . They live with my brother now . and yours ?
No , I have two older brothers and one younger sister . What about you ?
How long have you been married ?
I've been married for about five years . What do you think about divorce ?
If my husband cheated on me or treated me badly , I would get a divorce .
( ha ha ) I ’ ll keep that in mind , but don ’ t tell my husband .
Yeah , I think it will be wonderful .
I love dogs . They have been used as guards for centuries . Nowadays , they are often used to find illegal drugs and bombs by the police and customs officers .
Horses are useful to people too . We use them for sports and recreation .
Can you ride a horse ?
I can ride too . Perhaps we could go horse riding together at the weekend ?
I'm in a good mood today , actually . How about you ?
What's wrong ?
I see ! Do you want to ask her out ?
You can ask her out for drink after work .
Then you've got a lot of homework to do . You need to get her notice first .
You can start by meeting her at the bus stop and saying hello to her .
That's something you need to overcome . Men should make the first move as most of girls prefer being chased .
Good luck .
We'd better go out for a walk .
Spring .
I dislike it most .
Because the hottest season is summer in a year .
I went to Croydon .
No , I went for an interview .
Yes , I got a job as a Management Trainee .
Don't you know that he has been carrying a torch for Mary for years ?
Of course not .
Really ? Why would you worry about me ? I ’ m just fine .
No way ! I like my apartment , and I like to be independent .
Not at all . I see you and your family twice a week , and I enjoy seeing my own friends . I ’ m too busy to feel lonely !
Lily broke up with me last week . In fact , she dumped me .
She said it was because we had very different ideas about life .
Of course not . I knew she had fallen in love with another guy . It is difficult to see her move on so quickly .
Thank you , Steven . You are really a good friend .
Yes , I do .
But I can't sing it well .
OK , I'Il go with you . When shall we go ?
It's too early . Let's make it seven , OK ?
I'll have us ready for Stars.com by the end of next week . After that , I don't know .
Let's just say there could be some big changes around here .
You'll see . Oh , yeah , you'll see .
What are you talking about ?
You said it . Many parents just don ’ t understand know how to educate their children .
Hello , Helen . This is John . How are you ?
Fine , thanks . I ’ ll have a party next Sunday at home . I ’ m calling to ask whether you can come or not .
Okay , now you are a famous star .
What ’ s wrong with you ?
Okay .
What time dose it start ?
Then we'd better get started .
OK , a moment , please .
For which one ?
Yes , of course .
Sorry . No . You should go to the other counter .
Sorry , this biography is over the deadline . You should pay extra for it .
3 Yuan , please .
You are welcome . See you next time .
Hello , my old friend . Long time no see . How are you doing ?
Not so well . To be honest with you , I broke up with Tom .
sure , thanks . I brought you a bottle of wine as well .
should I take my shoes off ?
this is a very nice place . How long have you been living here now ?
sure , what do you have ?
I'll have a glass of red wine please .
so how many people are coming for the dinner tonight ?
oh , I thought there were going to be eight . who isn't coming ?
that's too bad.They ' re such good company .
excuse me while I go and get that .
No , but I have to type my paper tonight .
You got it !
Certainly . I prefer the winter and I love plum blossoms much more .
Seeking plum blossoms with stepping on the snow ? That's a good idea . Let's go !
Take care ! Don't slip down to the ground .
Yes . Very wonderful .
Yes . It should be the fragrance of plum blossoms .
License and registration please . Have you been drinking tonight , sir ?
Step out of the vehicle , please . Sir , what do you have in the back ?
Don ’ t take that tone with me . Do you have an invoice for these items ?
You are under arrest , sir . You have the right to remain silent . You better not pout , you better not cry . Anything you say can and will be used against you . You have the right to an attorney . if you cannot afford one , the state will appoint one for you.do you understand the arrest to you ?
That's correct .
Well , the state will benefit a lot , I suppose .
Ah , it ’ s hard to say .
He's been out of work for a couple of days .
He has a bad cold .
Thanks . I'll tell him .
There will probably be a book list in the bookstore . Do you have your class schedule handy ?
To get started , take that list over to the bookstore . Do you know where the bookstore is ?
When you pass the gym , it'll be the first door on the left . Do you know how to sell your old textbooks for money ?
If you give your used textbooks to the person at the booth outside the door , he will reimburse you . Can you go over there today ?
I am free at 1
I'll catch you later then . Have a wonderful morning .
Thanks . I finally got rid of that old Nissan that got me through college .
No , it ’ s last year ’ s model .
$ 14,500 . It only has 10,000 miles on it , so it ’ s like a new car .
Well , sometimes , I think it ’ ll be nice to drive to work instead . We ’ ll see . Want to go for a ride ?
Come on .
I'd like to hire a bike . I think it would be a good idea to do some cycling on Sunday .
I am sure it will be . It's been good so far this weekend .
Thanks . That would be really helpful .
Yeah . It's boring . I'd rather read something more exciting .
Is he ? He ’ s never been healthy .
I ’ m afraid he won ’ t make old bones .
I ’ m afraid what you were told is not quite right , if you could meet him in person , and you ’ ll know he ’ s very agreeable and capable .
I don't find it very exciting .
I can't wait !
Nine ... but I'll be ten on May 1st.When is your birthday ?
Are you going to have a birthday party ?
Professor Donald , are you giving your advanced geology course again next semester ?
I wonder if I could enroll in it . I know it is a graduate course and I ' m a junior , but ...
I know , but geology of the American west is my major interest and I have done a large reading in the field .
Oh , thanks , professor Donald.this is very nice of you .
Good evening , Mary .
I'm doing fine , thanks.What ' s new with you ?
I'm wondering whether you could come over for a pizza sometime next week ?
I'll call you .
Have a great day , take care , bye .
I'm not sure . I promised to help my sister move Saturday .
I might be able to do that . But I don't think I can do it well .
OK . I'll talk to you later .
No , that ’ s not all your fault .
There ’ s no need to apologize.Forget about it .
I am not surprised , you eat too much .
No , I wouldn't think so .
Well , why don't you go on the diet ?
Perhaps you should excercise more . Why don't you go to an exercise class .
Not bad . We had a get-together with friends from college . I haven't seen many of them since graduation . How about you ?
Sounds a good weekend . You know it always amazes me that two people as different as you and Jo can become such close friends .
That's great . I know people who can't stand each other for even five minutes .
It seems you two bring out the best of one another .
Yeah , you are so lucky to have found each other .
I had a bad day yesterday .
I went to the library and lost my bag .
I went back for it . But it was already gone .
I ’ m afraid I ’ m busy tonight . I ’ m having dinner with friends .
What about tomorrow ? Are you doing anything tomorrow ?
Shall we go out tomorrow then ?
I prefer a package tour , and we don't have to worry about accommodation , meals or that sort of trivial demanding things .
Thanks .
Actually , I could you some help . Thank you so much .
There ’ s a possibility .
I mean if you don ’ t sell your shares now , it ’ s quite likely that you ’ ll end up losing your shirt .
Absolutely . Take my word for it .
No , I ’ m not sure I ’ m going to .
No , thanks . I am okay .
Well , actually , I am thinking about living off campus .
I know it would be more expensive . I think I could handle it though . It ’ s that this dorm is so noisy that I can ’ t get anything done .
I ’ Ve got to think it over some more .
I enjoyed myself , too .
Yes , if it's not too much of a trouble .
That's great . Let's go !
Hello , Xu Hua . I'm Paula . I'm American .
Thank you .
No , not yet . Why ?
Oh . I am not his fan .
I don't recall .
Oh , it ’ s almost eleven twenty .
You ’ re welcome . The rain is quite heavy , isn ’ t it ?
I have one . We could share it . Which way are you going ?
I am going there , too . We can walk together .
This Friday evening ?
Thank you for the invitation . I'll be very happy to go .
What time should I arrive ?
Fine . See you then .
Well , do you think I have to ?
Please look at the sky.Don ' t you see the dark clouds ? It's going to rain soon .
But I don't think it's so nice .
The weather report says it's going to rain for a whole week .
Yes I can . I speak it very well .
I lived in England when I was a child .
Well , I know a little Italian .
Those tow games are quite different . First , there ’ s the size of the teams . In football , a team has 11 players . In rugby there are 15 players on each team . The biggest difference is that in football , only the goalkeeper can use his hands . In rugby , the ball is usually carried forward by players , though kicking is permitted .
That ’ s right . However , players can only pass the ball backwards . They cannot pass the ball forwards to their team mates . That ’ s a foul .
If a team carries the ball over the goal line , they score points . A team can also score points by kicking the ball between two tall posts at each end of the pitch .
Yes . Players usually need to bring a player down to stop him from moving forward with the ball . This is called ” tackling ” , as in football .
Yes . It ’ s not perfectly round like a football . A rugby ball is oval in shape . There ’ s a match on TV this afternoon . Why don ’ t you watch it with me ? I ’ ll try to explain the rules and tactics while we ’ re watching .
Yeah , why not ? We haven't been out for dinner for quite a long time . A new French restaurant has just opened in our neighborhood . We can go there .
No need for that . It's not usually busy on weekdays .
Why not now ? I'm hungry .
Well , I like others very much , but I really don't think much of this one .
Yes , but I don't like the story .
Hm ? Oh , that's Alice . She's totally mad . Don't get yourself in a room alone with her .
Yes , I know , but she's dangerous .
Well , I'm not one to gossip , as you know , but rumor has it that she sued her former boss for sexual harassment .
Well , this is just between ourselves , of course , but he was her lover and he wanted to leave her , so she got revenge . I heard him say she was a dangerous woman .
Oh , while we're on the subject , what happened to you and your secretary ?
Oh , come on . Everybody knows .
Oh , sure .
It is a new film , ' Transformer ' .
I expected too high from that movie , but I was a bit disappointed about it .
Box office can't explain everything . I do not think it is cheerful or well-made . The plot is old and the female character is not pretty .
What's it about ?
I prefer the tragedy . It is moving and makes me ponder about my life .
We can buy the popcorn before entering the cinema .
Fine ! How about you ?
I know . Maybe you will get the air if you go against her .
And it takes two to make an agreement too . You have no guts , I am afraid .
It ’ me . Susan Taylor
On , what ’ re you doing ? You look as busy as a bee .
Really , that ’ s cool . Let me see what you ’ Ve done .
That ’ s all right . Let me see , oh , that lace looks so unique , and it ’ s so creative to make a picture display here . How did you get that idea ?
Well , it depends .
No , I think the music is too fast .
It sounds nice .
Yes , I think so . It's very emotional .
Full of energy and hope .
Certainly it is . It's worth an Academy Award .
Thanks for inviting me . Actually , I've never been anywhere with so many black people before . It's different .
Great ! Is your , too ?
That's a black fraternity , right ? So we should see some dancing !
Sure . We love each other and take care of each other .
My grandpa . He has the final word about almost everything . My grandpa is “ President , ” and Grandma is “ Vice-President . ” My parents , uncles and aunts try to arrive at a consensus on important questions .
No . Not anymore.Mine is highly educated but traditional family . Most South Korea families today are a lot smaller . In traditional families , the old people are well respected and taken good care of . Ho
Of course there'll be a room for you !
Yours is a modern family . I'm sure your dad loves you and would want you to stay for the summer . You just need to try your best to get along with your new stepmother and her boys .
It will be a new experience , and you might as well learn to adjust to changes .
It is good to have goals in life . If California doesn't work out , come and visit me in Korea , OK ?
We could share a room ! It would be fun . And we could do some traveling around Korea . You could see for yourself what life in a big family is like !
Hi , Peter . I didn't see you last night . Where did you go ?
Did you play network games the whole night ?
What are you going to do now ?
Oh , I'm afraid I'll be busy tomorrow evening .
OK.Thanks for asking me .
I'm glad I was able to help .
Don't mention it . It was the least I could do .
Thank you .
It was a pleasure .
I'm just in the mood to act goofy .
I guess I'm glad exams are over .
Cut what out I ’ m not doing anything .
Fine ! By the way would you mind not slurping your coffee every time you have a cup !
You ’ Ve got to be kidding me ! You ’ re complaining about me talking on the phone when you go out for a cigarette break ten times a day to shoot the breeze ?
Fine . Let's call a truce . I'll try to more considerate and to keep the noise down .
I don't think dieting is good for you . It's much better to eat a balanced diet and to never get overweight to begin with !
they need to eat healthy foods , but they also have to increase the amount of exercise they do every day . They don't have to cut out fattening foods altogether , though .
sure , they can eat some chocolate . As long as they are exercising and eating mostly healthy foods , there's nothing wrong with having a small desert .
many people gain weight by drinking far too much soda . Soda should be a treat ; there's simply no nutritional value in it whatsoever . If you want to lose weight and you can't stop drinking soda , try
my mother used to make me take vitamins every day , but I don't take them anymore . Vitamins are good as a supplement , but they don't do much good if you don't have a well-balanced diet to start .
you might not believe this , but I used to be twice the size than I am now !
Congratulations !
No . But I am going to apply for some vocational schools . I like fashion design and want to study it .
I don't mind at all .
To tell you the truth , I'm not married . I'm still single .
I don't know . It's still up in the air .
No foot gives out scent .
Never mind , the odour of my feet will quicken their eating speed .
Don ’ t pretend you are a good God .
I've never experienced such a kind of feeling .
I'm planing to go bowling tonight . Tomorrow I was hoping to see a movie . What about you ?
Why not ?
She wears her heart on her sleeve .
Good afternoon , Mary . How's business ?
that depends . What is it ?
I'd love to help you out , but I'm a bit short on cash this month as well . I had to get a new engine put into my car , and that ate up my savings .
let's see , I've got about $ 50 to get me through the weekend . I can only spare about $ 20 . I would give you more if I had it , I just don't have much money to my name right now .
that'd be great . Thanks ! What time should I come over ?
see you then !
I'm sorry . Has it been bothering you ?
I'm sorry . I meant to ask you .
Why don't you run outside ?
Yeah , I suppose . I guess it isn't healthy to run in this weather .
Wait for me a minute . I'll go over to the gym too .
Yes , why not ? Just let me get my gym clothes together .
What do you mean by that ? Everyone can exercise !
No , not at all . I was on the swimming team in high school.And I'd like to do some weight training . They have decent equipment at that gym .
Are you laughing at me ?
Maybe not . But I want to start . I need to get in shape . I feel these past couple months that my energy is low .
So I need to do something too .
I know . But I want to start today with a little weight lifting.Then I'm going to buy a new swimming suit and goggles , and every other day I'm going to go swim laps in the pool . How does that sound ?
What ?
Who cares ?
I'm looking forward to going to America .
Next week .
There certainly are a lot . Can you choose a favorite ?
Is there anything as good as a hot fudge sundae ?
I don't like ice cream with too many different flavors in it .
I saw garlic ice cream on the menu once .
I think I'll stick with a more traditional choice today !
it will be a rock and roll band probably . He ’ s a very good guitarist .
I can play drums , but I haven ’ t played for a while . I ’ m not sure I ’ d be good enough to play in a band .
nowadays , you can be a DJ . You can mix dance music . You don ’ t need to be able to play musical instrument or sing .
you know , you could probably get a computer program that would help you . You already have a computer , so you could use that to help you mix some music .
Wow , what a great burd !
She's a real turn-on our rights .
Yeah , I noticed . She must be really loaded .
Lucky her . Anyway , I think that is just as beautiful .
Well , that's my opinion .
Oh , there is no comparison . Now we are talking but ugly .
Any idea when you'll leave ?
Let me know when you find out .
Cindy ’ s husband is Ron .
They have two children-one son and one daughter-as well as one daughter-in-law and one son-in-law .
Yes , they have three grandchildren-one girl and two boys .
Yes , she gets along with them quite well .
Their family is very similar to Cindy and Ron ’ s family .
I feel confident of his ability to cure my daughter's disease .
I can tell from the way he spoke to us .
I live in an apartment downtown .
Not much . But there is a lot of traffic . I can't stand the noise sometimes ! Where do you live ?
Oh , I bet it's really quiet . But is there much to do there ?
Hey . Let's trade places one weekend !
Really ? Can ’ t you stay a little longer ?
Be seeing you then .
Fine , just fine . Thanks .
Well , as a matter of fact , I've got a lunch date with Bob Thomas .
You can say that again .
I agree ...
Just now we both thought it would be fine .
Believe me , you really look much better than before .
I certainly did . Do you want to come in and give me some feedback about your weekend ?
how did the business trip go ?
I understand . The last time I went on a business trip with the boss , I didn't even have enough to eat !
our company is quite conscious of the environmental problems that frequent flying causes .
I can ask the boss about giving you the day off today .
no problem . Did you bring any gifts back for your department ?
Is that the box-office ?
I'd like to book two tickets for the film ' Jane Eyre ' for this evening , please .
What a pity ! How about tomorrow evening ?
Wonderful , I'll take them .
Wang Min . Telephone number is 13811658 . Can I pick the tickets this afternoon ?
Thank you very much .
I'm glad you like it .
Not at all .
Oh , I'm glad .
No problem .
For what ?
If you don't know it by now , you might as well not bother studying .
My roommate invited both of us to dinner .
Yes ! The first time I saw her I knew we would fall in love .
It ’ s exactly twelve minutes past seven .
Begin at 9 o ’ clock sharp .
So you are .
I feel exactly the same way with you .
What ? You don ’ t love me ? Me , either .
No .
I know , I know . Well , is there some , is there someone else ? Oh , that woman on television , Sydney Ann .
Sure .
I don't mind helping .
So that's four plates , four forks , four knives , and four spoons ?
Don't be silly ! I know how to use knives and forks .
Until when ?
No problem .
What kind of movie is it ? I don ’ t like many of his movies , actually .
I like thrillers and I like Julia Roberts , so it might be interesting . I read a review today and the critic didn ’ t seem to be very impressed .
He didn ’ t say it was bad , but he said that it wasn ’ t as good as it could have been , particularly as there were some good actors and actresses in it .
Good . Dinner is nearly ready and I ’ d like to watch the news before we go . The Oscars were last night and I want to see the results .
Oh I forgot ! I'll run home real quickly and bring you the money .
I'd hate for you to think I was lazy in returning your money .
I like collecting stamps .
Yes , you're right . What do you like to do in your spare time ?
Do you play basketball well ?
Shall we have a game together some day ?
Great , the lamb stew tastes incredible .
Yes , the food here deserves its reputation . Chinese food is one of my favorites 。
Sure , I'd love to . I heard Sichuan cuisine is very hot , I think I definitely love it .
Well , let's finish this great dinner first .
Oh hi Jim . No I just got back . I thought you were on vacation now .
Oh wonderful ! Have you been there before or was it your first time ?
I'm so jealous of you . I've never been anywhere in Europe . I've always dreamed of traveling around and seeing the sights .
It is . It ’ s got pictures of interesting building from all over the world , with brief descriptions of how they were build , their purpose , and so on .
They don ’ t now , but most of them did originally . There ’ s picture of the pentagon in the United States . It ’ s very distinctive with its five sides .
Yes . Usually only towers are cylindrical in shape .
This is the world ’ s largest sports stadium . It ’ s a massive oval .
It says here that it ’ s mainly used for big football matches and athletics meetings .
According to the book , it is . I ’ Ve never seen a building that is a perfect cube . Look at the building . From the air , it looks like a square with a semi-circle attached to each of its four sides . What kind of building is it ?
I hate to complain , but this soup is too salty .
No , the galaxies sit more or less passively in the space around them . But not too much . As the space between galaxies expands , it carries the galaxies further apart - like raisins in an expanding dough .
Well , the universe is a chaotic place , and the gravity from one galaxy , or from a group of galaxies , may disturb the motion of its near neighbors , causing them to collide . However , on average , when you compare two large enough chunks of space , the galaxies in one are moving away from the galaxies in the other .
You're welcome .
I swear , I ’ m going to kill you for this .
Oh , yeah ! I had a blast ! I love sweating like a pig with a bunch of pot bellies who all smell bad . Sorry , I ’ m just not into this health kick .
I am wiped out . Thank you .
Never ! But thank you for inviting me .
But I like its color .
I'll take one , too .
Yes . I like gardening .
Yes , follow me . Here it is .
Thank you .
Yes , I do .
I don't . I like the work .
Yeah . I just can't find it anywhere .
Let's get it back .
Morning . Can I help you ?
All you need is your student identification card to check out books .
Yes . I have three sons . Actually I also have a grandson .
I understand . I was in your position before . At that time I couldn ’ t depend on anyone taking care of the children for me . My husband seldom stayed at home .
Yes , she did a little . But you see , Americans are different from Chinese . You can ’ t depend on your own mother to be a full-time babysitter . She could baby-sit only once or twice a week . That ’ s it . I had to care for them most of the time .
Don ’ t worry . You can take night classes . I did that when I had kids . And soon your child will be old enough to attend kindergarten . Then you could find a job and work .
No . You see , I went back to school to get my Master ’ s Degree when I was in my thirties . You won ’ t be older than that .
Hey , Daddy , today I had really a fantastic history class .
We've learnt the story of Zheg He Sailing to West Ocean . He is a real great navigator .
Yeah , he , with his fleet , came across the Indian Ocean , and arrived at the east coast of Africa .
Of course , that is from 1405 to 1433 , which is in Ming dynasty .
Not yet , you know I have a lot of homework to do .
OK , great Daddy , after supper , I'll embark on it .
Is it about Captain Jack Sparrow , who wants to find the treasure on the sea ?
I won't tell you , unless you promise to let me watch it with you .
Two . French and Spanish .
Well , French was my best subject at school . I can read and write it pretty well .
Well , it's not as good as my French . I can speak it reasonably well , but my written Spanish isn't very good .
In that case , I'm fit for the position I think .
So he always sits above the salt when there is a seminar about it .
You got it .
And he ’ s always busy with his pictures and roses .
But as for his business in the city ...
He sounds more like an artist than a businessman .
Morning , Mike .
I ’ Ve already got your certificate for sick-leave . How do you feel today ?
Have you received the reading material handed out yesterday ?
I will explain it in detail in the next class . Could you preview it ?
I beg your pardon ?
To a historic coffeehouse . It's got a little Mafia story to it .
Oh , yeah , while he was eating , and he was a pretty famous Don .
Sure . In fact , nowadays , you'll see more tourists there than Italians . There are Mafia tours nowadays that go there to eat .
Didn't I tell you ? It's over !
It was a few things . The first thing that happened was that we were supposed to go out for a romantic dinner for our one year anniversary , but she stood me up !
No , but I ended up finding out later that night when I saw her drinking with another man at a club near my home !
I wanted to , but I knew that if I spoke to her , I'd just blow up at her , so I decided to just go home . I called her later that the night , but she didn't answer the phone .
I know . I still haven't heard from her . The good thing is that I'm so angry with her that I don't feel sad about not having her around .
I guess so .
Of course . You see , almost everyone has some kind of hobby .
I like taking photos out of doors .
Yes , I usually develop and print all my own photos .
Yes , simple as it is . It does work .
Yes . So what else to do now ?
I see . How do you like the game ?
Who do you think do better ?
Exactly . He is unbelievable .
They were really tough .
I can't agree more . Okay , time is up . Let's do the last thing .
Would you like orchestra seats ?
Not unless you want the matinee .
Like how ?
What did you have in mind ?
Do you know how short you want your hair to be ?
That's pretty short . Are you sure about this ?
I'm going to do it , but you have to be sure you really want me to .
Fine then . Let's get started .
As far as I'm concerned , staying at home is more comfortable than going to the movies .
Have you thought about it seriously ?
Ok , did you find a new company ?
Good for you , but your leaving will be a great loss to us . It is so nice to work with you .
Oh , Mike . How are you doing ?
Well , I prefer yogurt to all the other drinks . Have you ever tried a kind of yogurt with old milk in it ? It tastes great and very healthy too .
Why don ’ t you go ahead of me ? I have more items than you .
You ’ re welcome . It was good seeing you again .
It ’ s a program about islam . It ’ s very interesting .
They are muslims on a pilgrimage to mecca . Muslims call this pilgrimage “ haj ” .
Muslims believe that every man who is able should go on a haj at least once in his life . Mecca is the spiritual centre of the muslim faith .
That ’ s right . Unfortunately , so many people go on the haj each year that there are often stamped and people get killed .
That ’ s right . That ’ s when accidents often happen . The Saudi government tries to limit the number of pilgrims , to reduce the chances of accidents .
Yes . In England , Christian pilgrims might go to Canterbury and many Christians go to the Vatican on pilgrimages .
I think that place is Lourdes . There are many stories of people being healed after visiting there .
Personally . I think that people believe they will be healed and that faith causes a change in their mind that cures them . I don ’ t think place is magical in any way .
I want to enrich my knowledge in management . The United States is an ideal place for me .
Before I work in the office , I was a teacher . So if possible , I'd like to come back to some school to pass on my new knowledge to more people .
Yes . You know , English is my present working language . Besides , I scored very high in TOEFL .
I will support myself . In recent years , I have saved enough money for my study in the U . S .
I will be there for three years .
It's really there ? This all seems so surreal-like it's all one big nightmare .
Poor Femi . Taylor's death must have made her realize that she still cared for him .
It's already half past four . We should go and pay our respects . Taylor's family will be there .
I love you , too .
Oh . My God ! Are you serious ?
No ! I have been expecting this moment for a long time . I mean my answer is ' yes ' .
I trust you . We'll be happy .
It's so beautiful .
What ? You're suddenly some kind of coffee snob now ? What's a ristretto anyway ?
Sounds like it must be just full of caffeine . I want one of those instead !
Can you tell me something about the Spring Festival ?
Christmas is also a special time for us to have the family reunion and to express our best wishes to those we love and those who love us in the coming new year .
What are the children doing ?
I heard one of the purposes to do it is to frighten the devils so they will not come to do any harm to people in the next year .
Who will get the money ?
I ’ m very sorry I can ’ t .
I ’ m afraid I have some business to attend to .
I ’ d love to but I have to help John with his math problems right now .
No , thanks . His home is not far and I can walk there .
Ok , thank you .
I really couldn't understand him .
We'd better leave him alone .
Yes , are you ?
You do know that it's absolutely freezing out , don't you ? I'd put a coat on if I were you .
Well , it's started raining since then . Look out the window ! It's pouring rain out there !
Have a look outside for me . Does that look like hail to you ?
That's a good idea . But maybe we should move the car so that the hail doesn't dent it .
How long do you think this hailstorm is supposed to last ?
Maybe we should turn on the news in case it's supposed to get worse .
Good idea . That will help us to warm up .
Alright . I'll have a cup of tea waiting for you .
Yes . All international ping-pong tournaments have become a demonstration of Chinese supremacy in the sport .
In the first place , I think the whole nation is just fond of the game . It is well grounded with the mass . With huge numbers of people playing ping-pong , we can always spot a handful of potential world champions .
Sure . There is a careful mechanism for selecting players from provincial teams , and those lucky dogs have to observe strict rules .
They are subject to hard training . And you know what , for a player on the national team , personal affairs are supposed to take a back seat to training and competitions . They are not even allowed to talk relationships with each other .
Well , ping-pong is our national sport , and we just have to keep winning one honor after another . That's why many people think such rules acceptable . After all , they are funded out of taxpayers'money .
Why not ! It ’ s a classic . In fact , it ’ s one of my favorite novels .
Don ’ t judge a book by its cover . Do you Kwon what it ’ s about ?
First of all , it ’ s a romance novel , set in the early 19th century .
It ’ s basically about a father who tried to marry off one of his five girls .
Since he doesn ’ t have a son , he hopes that one of the girls will marry a wealthy man . That way , all of his daughters will be cared for .
No , that ’ s the problem . Though they are well-off , once he dies , his house will go to his cousin . So , when he dies , the girls will have nothing .
So , are you going to read the novel or watch the movie ?
That ’ s probably because she wants you to read the book first .
How about this . When you finish the book . I ’ ll get the movie and watch it with you .
Hi , Jenny ! Jason here . It's great to hear your voice again .
It's pretty nice , but I'm going to start looking for an apartment soon . Hotel living is not for me .
How about you ? When are you leaving for Berkeley ?
So soon ! Well , I'd really like to see you again before you leave . Would you like to go out with me on Friday ? I'd like to take you to dinner and maybe a movie or something afterwards .
Saturday is fine . I'll make dinner reservations for 7 o ’ clock . Is that ok ?
Great . I'll pick you up at six thirty .
How about next Friday ?
How do you feel about hiring that clown to come and entertain the kids ?
That's what I was thinking .
Do you feel like a king in your castle ?
Take it easy , honey . It's just raining cats and dogs .
Honey , it's just windy and raining outside .
me . too i like the festival best of all .
And special TV programs , fire crackers and the games to play .
Such as ...
Why ? to welcome the new year of course .
Really ?
Oh , that's why my parents never scold me that day . they always try to avoid tears and quarrels .
What ? No kidding !
I can't believe it !
Yes , she's been like this for two weeks .
So am I.The doctor says she'll get over in a month .
what's that ?
have you read it yet ?
go on , read it out loud .
when did you send her a letter ?
I didn't know anyone did that any more . Ok , go on .
that's fine with me .
well , skip over all of that and read me the rest .
are we going to see them in June or are they coming to see us ?
oh , I guess I missed that .
I think the campaign is a blockbuster .
Finally 100 candidates ran for one seat .
It's hard to say . They all had an active campaign to round up the votes .
Maybe . Who knows ?
Yeah . That's just what is troubling John .
This situation isn't easy to handle .
It's 8 sharp by my watch .
Me , too . I overheard someone say Taylor has a brain tumor .
That could explain all his stomachaches . He's trying to hide it from us .
No , but someone said he was in the men's room puking . Follow me !
Hi , Don . What a surprise !
Have you noticed what has changed ?
Yes . I ’ m on a diet , but I ’ Ve not taken anything . I just eat less and exercise more . And it really worked in the past three months . I ’ Ve lost twelve pounds .
What kind of exercise do you think I do ? I just go to dance everyday after work . I ’ m taking an amateur dance class . I dance two hours everyday .
Sure . Join my class next week .
I feel like something good to eat .
Hey , that sounds a good idea .
The pleasure is mine.Happy birthday and many happy returns of the day !
Don't be silly .
I'm looking for it , but you see , the market is hard up for jobs , too .
Don't worry about it .
No . Don't be silly . I wouldn't dream of letting you do that .
Off hand , I'd say the Reader's Digests is my favorite .
It's instructive and inspiring .
No , it's a semimonthly .
Yes , it's so popular that it's sold out as soon as it reaches the bookstores .
How are you ? I haven't heard from you in ages .
Pretty busy.So are you back for good ?
Well , I'm not working on the weekend , so we could grab some beer , ice and our fishing rods , and head out to the river .
Same here .
Well , some people use a standard set of words , but many couples today write their own wedding vows .
It wasn't . It was birdseed . We don't throw rice anymore because someone discovered that birds come along and eat the rice and have trouble digesting it .
Wait until you see what happens next ! The bride is getting ready to throw her bouquet . Let's go over and watch .
She ’ s my friend ’ s ten-year-old niece . I guess there won ’ t be another wedding in this family for a long time .
Whose name did you pick ?
Booze !
Actually , I had a perfect plan for this afternoon , but it is totally ruined by the sand storm . I woke up this morning and found it was sunny . So I called Lucy and asked her to go shopping with me . We were going to look for a new purse . Now it turned out to be like this . Neither of us wants to go to outside anymore .
What ’ s wrong with climate ? Anyway , I think the sand storm happens more frequently these days than the years before . Can ’ t people do something to stop it ?
My new plan is to wait for the end of the sand storm and clean my apartment .
Hi , John ! I haven't seen you for ages .
So how have you been ?
I really couldn't understand him .
We'd better also leave him alone .
It's difficult to explain .
Well , I had a terrible day of work , I'm thinking of quiting my job .
I don't know , I can't stand my job these days .
Why do you say that ? I think you're making a lot of progress .
Learning any language takes a lot of effort . But don't give up . Why don't we practise those dialogues together ?
That sounds like a good idea .
That's fine . I'm looking forward to it .
Yes I am . Nice to meet you , Jack .
No , I am German . I live in Munich .
And did you like it ?
And where are you from , Jack ?
What are you studying ?
Oh , excellent . Why don't we talk in German for a while then ?
hi , bob . I ’ m reading a biography ?
it ’ s about bob Dylan .
he ’ s a famous American musician .
it was written by Howard sounds .
it ’ s great ! I ’ Ve learned a lot form reading it .
sure , bob ! I ’ m on chapter 12 now , so I ’ m almost finished .
there are 15 chapters in total .
I should be done by Friday . I ’ ll give it to you in class then .
no problem . Bob .
Take it easy , Jim . Your mother didn't mean it ! Need any help ?
I can ’ t seem to make a decision .
I honestly have no idea .
I like it here at PCC .
I like that idea .
I completely agree .
I ’ m staying right where I ’ m at .
Not really , do you ?
Take it easy . It is all over now . How was it going , anyway ?
That ’ s strange . But probably , it is the new interview technique they call it “ Getting to know you more personally ” . What about your answers ?
It's ok . It seems we have a lot in common .
He is tall and slim , fair-haired .
He is a nice guy and very considerate . I was impressed with how smart he was and he has a great sense of humor .
He didn't say , but he said he would call me .
Oh , steve . Stop it ! I am a bit nervous ! What if he doesn't call ?
Thank you , Steve . You're always so encouraging .
Who do you think that has the motive ?
OK , murder will out !
Coffee ? I don ’ t honestly like that kind of stuff .
What ’ s wrong with that ? Cigarette is the thing I go crazy for .
You're welcome , Diane . I hope you can visit us again soon .
I ’ m not in the mood .
I was told my girlfriend was speaking ill of me . That ’ s a real let-down .
But she did and made me disappointed .
But she means a lot to me .
Oh . I just can ’ t forget it .
I graduated from Songhua University .
I graduated from it in 2002 .
Nice to meet you , Andrew . I am Noirin , Noirin O'Neil .
Noirin , N-O-I-R-I-N , it's an Irish name .
No , thanks . I've decided to give up smoking .
Well , it's just that I think if you don't enjoy doing something any more , you should stop doing it .
That's right . You should give it up , too . It's bad for your health .
But it's true . It's a nasty habit . I can't think why I ever started . Anyway , it's obviously got you in its grip !
I mean you couldn't give it up !
How do you know ?
Just between you and me , I think he's lazy .
No , I haven't .
It ’ s harmful not only for yourself but for others .
Stop producing cigarettes .
That ’ s right . But I don ’ t think there are better ways .
Maybe it can take effect .
Many thanks for your presence .
I went to a movie with my boyfriend .
It was great . The director took a lot of care while framing . They say be has good chance at winning the Oscar for best director . Also I like the actors , some really great new young actors .
Well , it's the classic love story between two people from conflicting backgrounds . But besides a beautiful story , the cinematography is great . There is some really dramatic footage . It's really quite a visual feast . And the soundtrack is moving .
The ending is a bit of a surprise . I don't want to ruin it for you .
It would be a really good choice . The movie is very suitable for lovers to see together . I'm sure you won't regret it .
Sorry , I can ’ t .
I ’ d like to . But I ’ m afraid I can ’ t .
That ’ s sounds great .
No . I ’ d better not .
Because I don ’ t think my husband would like it . Thank you for inviting me anyway .
No . I ’ m serious . I ’ m going to quit my job .
It ’ s true . But I can ’ t show my abilities .
Your present job is something better . Why do you change ?
Over my dead body you are !
Hey , Anna , this is Jason .
Yes . How are you , Anna ?
Working . I've been really busy these days . I got a promotion .
Thanks . I am feeling pretty good about myself too . You know , bigger office , a raise and even an assistant .
You are kidding .
A bit over two years . This is a fast-moving company , and seniority isn ’ t the only factor in deciding promotions .
She is very nice and open-minded .
Yeah . He was a real slave driver . He probably would have loved it if we were robots .
Good . Tonight 8 o'clock .
Bye .
That's a good idea.What ' s on ?
What's it about ?
What do you mean ? It's because it's much cheaper to buy liquor duty-free .
Well , it's because in most countries liquor has a higher tax on it .
Yes , of course . Didn't you know that ?
Well , it is different in different countries.But it's because of the high tax that buying liquor duty-free is such a good deal .
Liquor is considered a luxury item.And also , it is considered as something that isn't very healthy.So if people want to buy it , the government thinks it has the right to tax it .
Of course . Cigarettes are also taxed very heavily .
Nothing special .
Oh , I'd rather not .
You know , I am poor at English , especially spoken English .
I ’ m worrying about the children . After all this is the first time they have been out without us .
I know . But I couldn ’ t help .
I don't know . I'll have to ask my host mom .
But I still have to tell her .
Tell you what , give me your phone number .
Got it . I'll call you later tonight and we can talk about what to do on Saturday .
My mother is a professor and my father is a manager .
No , usually they're very busy .
I beg your pardon ?
What did he say ?
Oh dear ! What did he tell you to do ?
Ten days ? Would you please repeat it again ?
Same to you .
It's such a nice change .
Let's just hope it doesn't get cold again .
What's its name ?
What is it about ?
Sounds interesting .
Yes , do you have tickets ?
Let's go to the theater and buy two tickets now , shall we ?
OK . Let's go .
I just lost my job . My boss just told me .
I don't understand of myself . It seems they have to save money .
He was 20 years old then .
He's over sixty .
Nice to meet you , I'am Simon . I don't think I ' Ve seen you around before .
What do you do there ?
I ' Ve beaning worked IBM for years . I am vested personnel file system , He is the after sale survise director . he such a nice boss , I like working for him .
Yes , That's him over there - the taller , handsome one . Would you let me introduce you ?
I register this Friday .
I really want to take the communication class , but I don't know if it will be available .
Yeah . I tried to get in last semester , but it was full by the time I registered .
I still need to take English 201 , but I really don't like writing .
Oh really ? Who was the instructor ? There are like 4 different instructors to choose from .
Is he an easy grader ?
Do you mind if I ask you what you got ?
Well , what did you get in English 101 last year ?
Well , I can't compare to you . I got a 3.1 in English 101 . That means if you got a lower grade in English 201 , it must be harder .
Oh . That helps . Thanks .
What is it ?
Don't you like to know anything about stocks ?
Oh , Mr Green , my name is Jianshan . You don't know me , but I'm a friend of David Smith .
When I told David I was coming here to live , he give me your number , and suggest that I give your a ring . I was wondering if you could give me some advices .
Well , I'm looking for a place to live . David thought as you are a @ agent . you might know something is suitable .
Yes , I've got the address .
I'm at the post office .
Thank you very much , Mr Green .
Oh shame ! I have a class tomorrow .
Yeah . Thanks . And have fun !
Nothing special .
I'd like to . See you then .
Oh , this is over my head . It ’ s too professional .
What's your favorite course , Daniel ?
Science ? That's a surprise .
I thought you would like PE .
Are you interested in science ? I can't believe it .
Your parents would be happy if they knew that . Because you are always a naughty boy .
Hope so .
OK , I ’ Ve been looking for a job for days , and I haven ’ t found one yet . It's so hard finding work these days . Have you had any luck ?
Are you well paid ?
Not bad .
That ’ s great ! I ’ ll go there right now and speak with the boss .
That was nice of you , Susan . Thanks a lot .
Could you tell me a bit more about the work there ? I mean , those dos and don'ts . I am a green hand , you know .
Be a yes-man , you mean ?
I hope not .
Yeah , I didn't get the job in the end .
It's ok , that's life .
I think we would be able to make it.What time shall we come ?
Shall we bring any thing ? Some wine ?
No , I haven't . I'm so surprised at the news .
Congratulations . But have you heard the proverb that if one gets married too hurriedly one may regret it for a long time ?
How's your married life ?
I have to say you're a well-matched couple .
Yeah , I really got a lot of the session . The workshop topic was resolving personal problems . It was led by a professional human resources director . The teacher had a lot of experience , and I think we were all given a really good base to start with .
It depends on the topic , the teacher , and the way the course is set up . Yesterday , even though we only had a short time to discuss the issues , the workshop got us all thinking . We learned some very basic , but very useful methods of dealing with personnel issues .
I did ... I just hope I can implement all these great ideas that we shared .
They say he can sum up like winking .
Maybe he's gifted in that .
What ?
What ! ? It'll be a miracle if we're ready by the end of the month ! Is she crazy ?
Crazy is too kind . Insane is more like it . Nuts ! Wacko ! Psycho !
Sure.thanks .
That ’ s alright .
She's gone to a flower shop . Today is her husband's birthday .
I like baseball the best .
Yeah . I played until I graduated from high school .
I think I tried every position , but the last few years , I played third base .
It was scary at first , but after awhile , I got used to it . If you have fast reflexes , then it's not really a problem . What position did you play ?
I wish I could play again , but there isn't much opportunities around here .
When do you guys play ?
Sounds pretty fun . I'll come out and join you next time .
That is just wishful thinking . The cost of higher education has increased in recent years , faster than the cost of living . So she wants Jane's brother to go on studying and earn his doctorate by means of it .
What have you done ?
Why don't you go shopping online ?
Why not ? Let me recommend a website .
It sells almost everything you can see in the department .
Not much , just heading over to the shooting range . You wanna come ?
Yeah , it will be fun ! I have a 9mm pistol that is really easy to shoot . I also have a revolver that ’ s really fun too ! They have big targets at the range that we could use to practice and improve you
Whoa , take it easy there Rambo . Don ’ t get carried away . These weapons are not toys , and you must first learn how to handle them properly . There are basic rules that you must abide by in order to be
The reality is different you know , running and firing a weapon is a lot harder than in the movies ! So are you ready ?
Really ? You are a lucky dog . You know , many girls dream of dating him .
It's picture association of the concept that the professor taught today .
I don't really know for sure yet . I'll tell you after the test on Friday .
I was told once that the more time you spend writing , the less you are paying attention and so you miss stuff .
One time I tried just listening , no notes , no pictures . I think I really learned more that day .
It will be a rock and roll band probably . He ’ s a very good guitarist .
I can play drums , but I haven ’ t played for a while . I ’ m not sure I ’ d be good enough to play in a band .
Nowadays , you can be a DJ . You can mix dance music . You don't need to be able to play music instrument or thing .
You know , you could probably get a computer program that would help you . You already have a computer , so you could use that to help you mix some music .
What ?
Too bad I missed it .
You have any idea why ?
I heard her boyfriend is married .
Then what about you ? How are you getting on with your boyfriend ?
Yes , it's a family tradition dating back to my childhood . We use the same lights and ornaments , but of course we have a new tree each year.The children made some of these decorations . Here , you can hang this on one of those high branches .
Oh , yes . The kids are too excited to wait . After we clean up the mess all the empty boxes and the wrapping paper we have a big breakfast . Then the kids have the whole day to play with their new toys .
Five and a half years . We moved here on the first of November .
Yes . I love living here .
Yes . It ’ s a lovely view .
yes , it is . We've been dating for over 7 years . We have decided to get married on a special day and we think August 8th , 2008 is a red-letter day .
yes , there is a lot of to be taken care of---wedding photos , wedding dress , catering , transport , hotel , etc ...
almost . The only thing that isn't ready is the hotel . As a lot of people have chosen that day to get married , it is hard to find a hotel that isn't too expensive .
yes , we called , but it is booked up . The only choice is the Regent Beijing but we haven't made up our minds yet .
that's why we want to have a look at other hotels . We don ’ t want to spend too much on an extravagant wedding reception .
thank you .
You moved to a new place ?
Thank you for inviting me . Sounds lovely ! I would like to come . Where is your new apartment ?
Who else will come ?
Ok , I will be there around 6 . Is that ok for you ?
I'm planing to go balling tonight . Tomorrow I was hoping to see a movie . What about you ?
Why not ?
I'm here on business .
Yes . He is an old man with a great sense of humour . Not only can he play the piano , he also draws pictures very well .
Yeah , he has no children , so he sometimes feel s very lonely . I often go to his house to play and talk with him . That makes him feel very happy .
Thank you . Same to you .
I've been invited over to a friend's , and you ?
I know . It's going to be so much fun .
I used to be like that . But I go skiing so often that I don't get excited anymore .
That makes sense .
Whenever I go to Vegas , I get really excited .
Looks like anything fun makes you excited .
Yeah , I want my own house very much , so I decide to buy one .
Yeah . This is a big house with a garden . I like it very much .
It is very quiet and peaceful . This is what I want .
I was looking for a book , but I couldn ’ t find it .
I already did .
I didn ’ t see it .
Will you ever get another copy ?
Could you please reserve it for me ?
Thanks . I really appreciate that .
Next Saturday ? I ’ m sorry . I ’ Ve promised to go to a Chinese Opera with my daughter .
Yes , Sunday sounds fine . What time ?
It suits us fine . We ’ ll see you then .
What can I help you with ?
Do you know what building that it's in ?
Well , that's not far away .
Do you know what the room number is ?
My next class is around there .
Sure , let's go .
What do you think is wrong , the math or the way your answer was scored ?
I am willing to take a second look because teachers make mistakes , too . Will that work for you ?
Check your answers against the ones on the answer sheet and let me know where you see the mistake .
Yes , I agree ; let's move on to the calculating of the score . Would that be OK ?
We add all of these up and divide by this and that gives us this percentage .
Anytime you have a question , please feel free to ask !
Get a hold of yourself , Bruce . You'll get over her eventually .
Are you sure ? He is quite young , isn't he ?
Really ? He looks so young .
Sure , When is good time for you ?
What time do you want me there ?
All right , It's a date .
Oh , about two years now .
They still live in Shanghai where I was born .
Yes , I try to keep in touch with them .
You've got no guts !
My name is Jessica . What's yours ?
You speak English very well .
Do you know what time it is ?
What did you say ?
Thanks .
You're mistaken about it . As a matter of fact , it's very hard .
You're quite right.But many Japanese learners begin with smiles on their faces and end up with tears in their eyes .
Is this change going to be beneficial for theindividuals like you and me .
There's no doubt the Internet will be a powerful commercial medium . It'll connect hundreds of millions of customers and open up huge markets for all kinds of products and services .
Yeah . It'll be a shoppers heaven . That's the use of net in E-commerce .
What do you mean ?
It was so fantastic I didn ’ t really want to come home .
How did you know ?
His name is Tony and we met my first night in Pathos . He works with my sister who lives there .
Not really . I wasn ’ t looking for a holiday romance , but my sister told me that she had promised him that she ’ d set him up on blind date with me . I didn ’ t think I ’ d have anything to lose , so I went .
Let ’ s just say that by the third date , we both realized that we had fallen in love .
Luckily , his company has a position available here , so he ’ s going to see if he can get relocated .
Well , I ’ m not really a spring chicken anymore . We don ’ t know what will happen .
Yes , I ’ m afraid I am . My husband is a smoker too .
No . But my husband smokes 20 or more a day .
I had my first cigarette when I was 17 .
Yes . Twice .
I ’ d like to go into management . I ’ Ve applied for several jobs already and I ’ m hopeful that I ’ ll get some job offers . How about you ?
we both have to overcome several obstacles if we are to achieve our ambitions .
unfortunately , it ’ s inevitable that some people are going to work hard yet not succeed .
as long as you plan carefully , most thing are possible . It ’ s always good to have a backup plan in case things go wrong .
my father wanted me to become a doctor , but I knew it would be impossible for me to be successful in that field .
Total Fitness , why ?
Really ? Why not ? I hear it ’ s pretty good .
Oh , it ’ s one of those places .
Well , they have different rooms . I lift weights by the pool where there aren ’ t so many people .
Yeah , they have all the machines , a pool , and a steam room and sauna .
The usual . Aerobics , kickboxing , yoga . They just started a Tai Chi class too .
Well , I have a guest pass . Why don ’ t you come with me tonight ?
Perfect . See you later .
Yes , I've just come back from Scotland .
I only had time to visit Edinburgh .
It's fantastic .
I went there on business .
Yes , a lot of friends .
Yes , and I look many pictures .
No , I only know four great beauties of China .
Yeah ? Were they famous because of the ugliness ?
Then who were they ?
It seems that the inner beauty is also important .
Don't you know they've already broken up ?
And he's so handsome .
I just had a quarrel with him .
No , thanks .
True . With the extension of railways and highways , and the improvement of safety and capacity of airplanes , ships and boats have been giving place to trains , planes and automobiles .
The pace of life of people is now getting faster and faster , so the speed of ships and boats seems to be so slow . I think it may be the reason why people don't like to travel by boat .
Don't be that negative .
I find it there is no meaning in living this world .
Really , life is so boring .
I booked a table yesterday .
Smith .
Me too . I like the festival best of all .
And special TV programs , fire crackers and the games to play .
Such as ?
Why ? To welcome the new year of course ?
Really ?
Oh , that's why my parents never scold me that day . They always try to avoid tears and quarrels .
Oh , that scared me .
Oh , dear ! How ruthless !
Why not ? That's a good idea to help them .
Hey , that coffee shop's lights are still on .
I would love a really sticky cinnamon bun .
Mmmm . That sounds like something I had in Mexico once .
Ohhhhh ! And I just got all my juices going !
Fine , thank you .
Very well , thank you . I ’ m meeting my wife and daughter for lunch at 12:00 , would you care to join us ?
It was all right . She , tall and attractive , has stable job and source of income .
But , well ... what I want to say is ...
Her standard for selecting life partner is a little higher . I can not accept that .
She said she want a man with large house , luxurious car and healthy parents .
hey , Isabelle ...
yes , I am the guy .
let me explain . I didn't mean to hurt you ...
hang on a second . Hear me out , just this once , Isabella !
I didn't lie . You just didn't ask me my real name .
I'm sorry . It was cruel of me . But I promise it will never happen again ? Look , there's a nice restaurant . Let me take you to dinner and we can talk things over .
Really , it's so beautiful .
You mustn't pick it in this place .
It's a private garden .
Do you really like it ?
It wasn't very expensive either .
Five days a week , too ?
Gosh !
Where are you going now ?
When do you start school ?
That's good .
Well , flying kites is more fun to me .
Let's go and buy one .
I suspect it's unavoidable .
Yeah . She married him at her mother's bidding .
well , I nearly always get up at dawn . I don ’ t like sleeping in late . The days are longer in summer that in winter , so I get up in summer . I usually do some exercise when I get up .
I usually have cereal , but sometimes I cook a traditional English breakfast .
I usually do housework in mornings . I go shopping occasionally . I like to do all my shopping in one bag trip to the supermarket . I always drive to the big supermarket in the city center . It takes about
I usually meet some friends and we play sports together or I might spend some time alone on my hobbies . I spend winter evening watching tv , but I spend summer evening at cultural events if I have time
What ?
Huh ? Oh , my name is Laura .
Huh ? I can ’ t hear you , the music ’ s too loud .
Hold on , my ears are still ringing from the music ... what was it you asked me ?
Sometimes , usually once every few weeks . Do you ?
I usually come with a group of friends . We dance a little , have a few drinks , and just have a good time .
That ’ s good . It ’ s good to hit the books , but you need to get out once in a while .
They sure are .
The one that stole a small plane ?
Did they catch him ?
Did he crash ?
Did the cops find out why he flew into the U . S . ?
Poor guy .
The last straw , huh ?
I know what you mean .
That's right . Do you think it'll be cold ?
Do you think I'll need a cotton coat ?
Yes , I watched United play Chelsea . What a fierce battle ! allay were engaged in intensive pressing and tackling in midfield . Well , it was not like a normal English League match .
Haha . That's probably why slide tackle and fouls are less common , and offsides more frequent in English League matches than those on the Continent . And the ball is often kept flying overhead , drawing beautiful curves in the sky . Such games are quite pleasing to the eye .
I'm a firm United supporter . I like their playing style . The Reds always have several excellent wing-backs , Like Riggs , Peckham and Gary Neville . They often make wonderful crosses when they assist in attacking .
Are you a daytime student or do you just come in the evenings ?
Will you be driving a motorcycle or a car ?
OK , that will be twenty-five dollars . How would you like to pay for it ?
Would you like to pay for any extra permits for another vehicle ?
Here you go then . Have a great school year !
I take architecture as my major .
I am dealing with the study of the architecture style of ancient Chinese buildings .
I'd love to .
Morning , Mike .
I've already got your certificate for sick leave . How do you feel today ?
Have you received the reading material handed out yesterday ?
I will explain it in detail in the next class , could you preview it ?
Well , you can just see the sea . Between the factory chimneys .
Well , it can't be helped . We'll just have to put up with it .
Yeah .
Yes . I bet my bottom dollar that he will get promoted .
Partly , and he's also a hard working man .
It ’ s big and exciting but noisy .
You can see the Forbidden City .
It ’ s beautiful but crowded .
Yes . Have you ever been in one of his classes ?
He was a very easy teacher . Are you thinking of taking a class with him ?
Grades are important , but don't you think that gaining the knowledge is important , too ?
He made everything so interesting that the time just flew by . Do you know what I mean ?
Did you know that he came here last year after 10 years in the military ?
I think you know that you have to make the best decision for you . Enjoy your year !
Not bad at all .
Just one moment . I'll check with the cancer ward desk .
Ma'am , I'm sorry . The cancer ward said Mr . Smith passed away two days ago .
Yes , ma'am . He died from complications of stomach cancer . I'm very sorry .
Not really .
Please don't tell me you bought it .
If you did , you probably got ripped off .
Sure . What do you want to know ?
Well , you have to get 166 credits , including required courses and optional courses .
It can be completed in four years normally .
You're welcome .
You have asked me several times about it . You are driving me up the wall .
I'd like to very much .
Who's playing ?
Do you know what they are playing ?
And who is directing ?
I need to be motivated , Vince.Multi - motivated . As in multi-million .
Ever hear of WebTracker ?
I might make nothing even if I stay . For that kind of risk , I want to get rich .
Yes , please . That is very kind of you .
No , thanks . I ’ Ve had plenty .
Impossible ! Well , I'm not giving up yet . It's not over till the fat lady sings !
Hmm . Let's see ... there was Good Morning , Vietnam , Dead Poet's Society , The Fisher King ... Three , right ?
You're not the only one with a lot to do . We are all in the same boat .
I may have something on that day , but thanks for inviting me .
I will , do you want me to bring anything ?
Yes , thank you . I ’ Ve already been helping myself .
I like hot food , especially Sichuan cuisine .
I'II have another cup of beer insist . I know I don't like to drink alone , especially there are someone sitting there next to me .
Bottom's up , and you're right . This meal is incredible . I wish I had known this restaurant before . Thanks for bringing me here . I know I'll be back soon .
more or less . There's just one thing bothering me .
well , you know I have some students studying for their master's degree . One of them tried to give me a gift that kind made me uneasy .
it's an Egyptian carpet . The student came to my office the other day and brought the carpet to show his gratitude . Seeing what gift was , I was really uncomfortable . I mean it's too expensive a gift
I know , but I really can't accept such an expensive gift . I explained to him why , but he seemed really upset about it . I think he might have taken it the wrong way .
that's what I am worried about . I do understand the respect attached with the gift and I am honored . But I really don't think it's proper for a student to spend a fortune on a gift for a professor .
Me too .
Yes , sometimes I can hardly get asleep at night .
When will your vacation end ?
You will go back tomorrow , right ?
I have no idea . To be honest , I couldn't care less .
Just the two of you ?
Where did you go ?
True ? The food is terrible .
Really ?
Almost . I have to get dressed . It's a formal party and I have special party make up !
Great ! Uh , remember that there's a gift exchange , too . We all have to bring a gift .
( At the Party ) It's Christmas Eve ! Time to open presents !
Wow ! It's just what I wanted !
Hi , Bill , this is my new car .
You like it , huh ?
It is special , isn't it ?
Lots . Looks like I'll have to moonlight for the next two years .
Hey , let's go for a spin . You can try it out .
Ok , let's go .
My goodness ! It ’ s the afternoon ? Doesn ’ t the time fly ! Do come in and sit down .
What ’ s the time ? My watch has stopped .
When do you have lunch ?
What do you normally eat ?
Oh , it ’ s time to have lunch now .
Not at all .
You are welcome at any time .
You are most welcome .
Call us as soon as you got home .
I've no idea . I'd like to listen to your suggestion .
Well , I'll try gin and tonic .
Don't count on it .
Actually , I was watching your auction all along . I saw you drop out at $ 250 .
I watched Buddha buyer go up to $ 315 . I waited until the very last minute and then I jumped in at $ 325 ! I sniped him !
Were you here last week ?
How come ?
Well , here are the notes .
Sorry , here you go .
No problem .
No , I rarely smoke . I don't drink , either . I only drink with my family on celebrations or with close friends .
My favorite winter sport is skiing . In addition , I am keen on basketball .
I like doing aerobics in my spare time . It's good for my health .
Yes , I have . I collect stamps , Chinese stamps as well as those from other countries .
That is a good idea , I love it . What time do you think is convenient ?
Ok , I will inform everybody when they come back from lunch . It has been a long time since we had the department dinner last time . I am sure they don ’ t want to miss it .
As a matter of fact , I am .
No . I transferred here from a different school .
I transferred here from PCC .
I really like it here so far .
I like PCC better .
I graduated and I'am working towards my next degree .
I haven't decided yet .
Ok , count me in .
Yes , I'm sure I've been here before .
Yes , there's that bar we passed an hour ago .
That would be great . I am really in the mood for a spicy hotpot . Any special reason for the invitation ?
It was my pleasure . How about this evening ? I feel very hungry now .
Ok with me . You are the boss . I will meet you downstairs after work .
70 hours ? I would be dead if I worked hard like that .
It is really gorgeous out today . I remembered the weatherman said it is supposed to rain .
Really ? That's unusual for October , isn't it ?
Yes , that's true . Still , it's hard to believe . Yesterday our high was only 50 degrees Fahrenheit .
Maybe you can pick Mary ’ s brains now . She knows a lot about stocks .
I'm sorry . Every customer coming here must do the warm-up exercise before getting down to swimming . That's out regulation .
OK , lovely boy . Try to be patient . Do you know the danger of swimming without warm-up ?
That's right . But the most dangerous thing is that their legs may spasm out of control when swimming .
Yes , besides that , we also provide our customers with goggles , swimming suit and something like that .
Of course , all the workers here are able to swim , and they will come to your aid quickly .
Much better . My heart sank when Mary told me that she wanted to leave me .
Thanks a lot . You are so kind .
It's ten thirty .
I am going to the beech . How about coming with me ?
Don't forget the sun block lotion . You don't want a sunburn , do you ?
Why do I need to do that ?
Oh , my goodness . Who do I need to talk to ?
Absolutely . I think I still have the boarding passes from our flight here somewhere .
Since 911 I think every airline requires that the passengers show ID to board .
Neither.The game ended in two all .
But the Brazilian is tougher .
I love to dance the fast music .
Yes , it's my favorite .
You're a good dancer .
Sorry . I feel like sitting out the next dance .
Good idea .
Yeah . I bet you did forget everything . What's the date today , do you know ?
Not so bad , but Kevin does have problems with his wife .
His wife always complained that Kevin's salary was too low and got no promotion .
Yeah , I agree with you . But you know , it ’ s just one of those things .
Certainly . You are more welcome to do . What is it ?
Well , if spicy local dishes are what you are looking for , In Hua Restaurant is the best place to go . The restaurant serves very good and spicy local dishes . You might want to try there .
It is near the university . Five minutes ' walk from your flat , I think .
You're welcome . May you have a good time . Please give my regards to your wife . I wish her a happy birthday tomorrow .
No . Have a seat .
That sounds good but I don ’ t know what ’ s on .
Ok , that ’ s a good idea . Where shall we meet ?
That sounds good . I ’ ll call you once I arrive .
We'll first go to Mount Tai , then we'll go to Sichuan by air , after that we'll be leaving for Tibet .
At least 20 days .
What are you talking about ? Where is your Halloween spirit ? Didn ’ t you ever dress up in a costume and go around the neighborhood trick-or-treating with your friends ?
Whatever , I ’ m going next door I heard Mrs . Robinson is giving out big bags of M & Ms !
What were you thinking ?
What would you like me to do ?
How short ?
Do you really want it that short ?
If you really want me to , then I'll do it .
Let's do it .
Yes , we are .
In the spring .
Well .. we're not sure yet , probably in St.Albans .
Yes , that's right .
We're going to buy a flat or a small house somewhere in South London .
Yes , probably but I may look for another one when we're settled in .
Thank you , Peter .
Happy birthday , Peter , and many happy returns of the day . Here's a present for you .
What wish do you make ?
I use several services . Of course , I deposit and withdraw money quite often . I often use my ATM card to take money out of my current account . I use my bank to exchange money from once currency to another . I often travel abroad , you see .
I sometimes use traveller ’ s cheques , but sometimes I travel to countries where they are hard to exchange for cash .
Yes , I do . It save me a lot of time . I also have standing orders for my subscriptions to magazines .
Yes . My bank offers very good terms and conditions on mortgage . There ’ s a lot of competition between banks nowadays . Each one is trying to offer better conditions and services than the others .
I don ’ t have one . I prefer to buy shares . My bank also provides a share trading service . It ’ s cheap and easy to use .
Well , going to a cinema , visiting the galleries , exhibitions and museums , finding and meeting old friends , exercising in the health club or mountain biking . There are so many good choices .
Why not start with the most interesting one ?
Toss a coin to decide then .
Which John ? Mr.Turnbow ’ s son ?
And he ’ s bright and intelligent . I ’ m sure he can pass the university entrance exam .
How ’ s your boy , Jack ?
Poor boys ! They work harder at school nowadays , don ’ t they ?
Yes , that's right .
Well , how about the Museum of Modern Art ?
Why don't you go to see the Empire State Building ?
No , not really . Why do you ask ?
You saw a ghost ? When ?
So that's where you saw the ghost ? In your house ? What did it look like ? Was it hideous ?
So what did you do ?
Until what ? What happened ? Did you see it clearly ? Did it attack you ?
Yes , but it's not so appetizing .
That's what's hanging on my mind recently .
Where you can buy lots of paraphernalia ?
Cool !
So , you're going to use Sarah's car to go cruising for chicks ?
Yeah . It is not easy for them to find another job .
It is strange that some people are quitting their jobs in order to find a better one . What do you think ? Do you want to quit your job ?
Fine , thank you , sir . It ’ s nice to see you again .
Very well , thank you , Mr . Parker .
I wonder Why .
Can ’ t you stay a little longer ?
Say hi to your parents for me . I hope to see them soon .
Yes , I will . Take care , then .
But I think it's fantastic and charming . Well , you have your opinion and I have mine .
Come on . I don't see any point in arguing about this . Everyone has a right to his own opinion .
Thank you . I have roses , tulips , and daffodils . Do you like the rockery with the smaller flowers ?
Yes , they are . This afternoon , I ’ m going to prune the hedge .
Thank you ! That would be very kind of you . I have a saw in the garden shed .
Tomorrow , I ’ ll cut the grass . Then the garden will look perfect .
Is she really ? I can ’ t believe it !
Good gracious . That ’ s incredible !
You ’ re kidding .
Really ? I ’ m surprised .
That's wonderful ! Icing on the cake .
All my joints seem to hurt and I have a terrible headache .
No , not yet , but I do feel a little feverish .
Only since this morning .
Maybe you are right .
I'm sick of it , too .
It's no use complaining . If we had got enough money , we couldn't put up with it , and would have moved out .
As in many countries , there ’ s been a big growth in anything related to computers . Young people are attracted to that field in particular . There ’ s also been a big growth in education .
The interesting thing is that many of the teachers are not actually trained teachers . They are usually professionals who are taking a break from their jobs to pass on skills to others .
In my country , they are usually studying something business-related , such as marketing , management techniques , and human resource management .
That trend has already begun in my country . In particular , there ’ s a big demand for people to work in fitness centers . Which kinds of jobs are less in demand ?
Yes . My country is certainly expanding in the service and hi-tech sectors , but contracting in the heavy industry and primary industry sectors . However , our car and aircraft manufacturers are doing very well .
Oh , great !
I like No . 4 .
Yes . In fact , I think it's much better than this week's No . 1 .
I like it as well , but I don't think it's as good as Sweet Heart .
Well . I don't like Your Lips very much .
I think it's too slow makes me sleepy . In fact , it's the worst in this week ’ s top ten , if you ask me .
not really . Sometimes , I even let other people make key decision for me .
there are basic decisions like which restaurant to go to . I can never seem to choose . I let my parents make big decisions for me . They chose my university and my course . I ended up studying something
that ’ s a good idea . You ’ re very decisive , I ’ Ve noticed . So , which bar are we going to this evening ?
ok , i choose luckies .
Why do you say that ?
Really ? In my eyes it ’ s normal , as an old man , to be thin is better than to be fat .
Sure , it's easy . First of all , the secret to a successful oral presentation is to keep things simple . People are listening and they usually don't have a long attention spans . Stick to about three or four points , give an overview of the points , then present them one by one , and then summarize at the end . Be straightforward and organized and you're sure to be remembered .
You should consider the size and interests of your audience . In other words , who is listening , and what do they want to hear ... you can put together a PPT with some graphics and animations that will catch people's attention , but be careful not to go overboard .
You know , stage fright is very normal , most people get nervous before they have to speak in front of large groups . Just prepare well , rehearse beforehand , and trust that you will be great ... and you will be !
Wow ! Sure !
Oh ... that's OK ... as long as you're buying !
I'd love to help if I can .
Wow ! Just the idea of going back to school fills my head with pain .
Yeah , I'd have to say it has . But I'm still paying for it , you know .
Well , getting a Doctorate degree would mean close to a decade of school . Can you afford that ? Can you survive that ?
I think you need to separate the dream of having a PhD from the reality of years of more schooling . It's not as romantic as you might think .
Uh huh , that's for sure . You might find that your only career choice is teaching other graduate students .
Of course not , we'd be happy if you could come.What time will you be able to come ?
Fine.We ' ll be expecting you .
Oh , I'm a little busy these days .
Don ’ t you know Christmas is coming ? I have a lot of things to get ready .
Yeah , so I have to buy presents for everyone before I leave .
Americans don ’ t like giving money , they prefer presents you buy for them . So I have to figure out what to buy for all of my family and friends .
I will . Merry Christmas .
I have exactly the same feeling . This afternoon he explained the ins and outs of the stock market to me . He knows a lot about investments .
My family is not big , there are only 3 of us-my parents and I .
My father supports the family , and he is the sole breadwinner . My mother is a housewife .
Yes , we live a happy life together .
Yeah of course ! Although , don ’ t you ever wonder what “ could have been ” ?
Well , sometimes I think of how things could have turned out if I had done things a little differently .
Like for example , if I hadn ’ t studied architecture , I would have become an artist like I wanted to .
You see ! Everything happens for a reason ! We wouldn ’ t even have met if I hadn ’ t been in that car accident ten years ago !
I ’ ll drink to that !
I asked you if you wanted some help .
Certainly . What's your topic ?
All right . You can use the computer over there , enter ' tropical fish'under subject . If you know the title of the book , enter it under ' title '
You are welcome .
At least you haven't landed in the water yet . I've done that on the last two holes .
Here you go . I'll wait for you to get on the green before I putt .
No way , Mary . I'm going to let you go first . I don't want the pressure of putting first .
oh , it is really far from here . You ’ re going in the wrong direction actually .
it doesn ’ t matter . Go back the way you came . After about five kilometers , you ’ ll see a hotel on the side of the road . It ’ s a big one . You can ’ t miss it .
take the next right . Drive about one click further , and you ’ ll see the entrance of the highway to the Great Wall .
you ’ re welcome .
without traffic , it takes about an hour .
yes , I think so . It doesn ’ t close until 5 o ’ clock . You still have plenty of time .
my pleasure , and have a good time !
Can't complain . What about you ?
I've heard . She looks quite depressed .
I heard they were just married for 5 months .
Yeah . Mixed marriage is tempting but crisis-ridden .
Maybe they were just attracted to each other but too different to be married .
Definitely . That's why many cross-cultural marriages end in divorce .
That's true.Just hope Wendy can recover from the pain of divorce soon .
hi , Andy , how are you finding your new job ?
that's nice . What do they have you doing over there ?
that ' s really good . It's very important to feel like you are part of the team at work .
that's great , that's good for a positive work environment and helps motivate employees . I wish my boss was like that .
well , now you don't have to worry about that . This new place sounds really good .
Thank you , Wendy . I hope you'll be able to make it to the wedding .
It's so pleasant after the bad weather we've been having .
All right.Let ' s go .
No , I'm scared of cats .
I feel they're dirty .
Really ? I ’ m not sure that I would like all the attention . There have been numerous cases of paparazzi interfering with star ’ s private live in recent years .
I wouldn ’ t mind having my photo taken a few times or being interviewed once or twice , but it would get tedious after a while . Imagine the things the gossip columnists would write about you .
I think you ’ ll find that many people believe what they read in gossip columns . You ’ d also have to be very careful about every word you said . If you appeared on a chat show and said something silly , it
That ’ s a great idea . Which charities would you support ?
You ’ d have to remember that anything you said or did might reflect on the charity , so you ’ d really need to be very careful . Anyway , I ’ d be the first to buy your posters and I ’ d attend your first book -
Really ? There aren't many left now .
Were there any animals in the forest ?
No , I'm not clear .
Don't make a fuss.The price is rising
I live in the southern part of this city . I rent a house .
No , I don't .
Oh , I forgot to tell you this . The show is to collect money for children in need . And all the money from ticket selling will go to the Red Cross .
Good idea .
A lot of stars , including Andy , Justin , Mendy ...
Me too . She is so young and talented . She is not only a singer but also a great composer herself .
She is a real star . Not a onetime thing .
Well , I suppose people have different tastes on music . Moreover , here stuff is really strong and creative . It takes time for people to accept new things .
Sure . That makes a good fan . Do you know what songs she is gonna sing tonight ?
OK .
Photograph .
Olympus .
No , usually I get my films developed at a photo studio , but I make my own enlargements .
Because I can make many different kinds of pictures from one negative . That's more , but that saves money .
Thanks , June . But I think I need to be certified as a mechanic 5 before I ’ m allowed to repair cars for a living .
I guess I never thought of that before .
Wow , you ’ Ve inspired me to do something !
It's a huge headache . I have no idea what I want to do .
It should be , but there are too many options . My grades are good enough that I have a lot of choices , but after that ...
Yup , you understand . And my parents are trying to pressure me into going to a Catholic college . They both attended one and think that it combines a good education with good discipline . And the tuition is usually pretty low .
Thanks for the information . And good luck in your college search .
Why do you say that ?
Oh , I see . She told me that she had learned very quickly how to pour oil on troubled waters , but not to pour oil on the flame .
yeah , I quit my job , and started working from home . Recently I've got a project to deal with and don't have much time to work out .
it's not about pay raise or promotion . You know , I hate getting up early in the morning and coming back home late at night .
yeah , as long as I have a computer and internet access , I can start working . I recently enjoy working in my own place and at my own pace .
absolutely . I can decide when and what to do all by myself .
yeah , I can find enough online .
thank you for reminding me . I'll continue to exercise as soon as I finish this project .
I calmed up . And finally , I asked her to chew the cud for such an important decision . I could not have the heart to disappoint her with a blunt refusal .
How could have the heart to do that ? She needs warmth and help .
No way !
In my spare time , I am fond of traveling and I always take a trip with my family .
You are deadly right .
Keep in touch !
Is she coming ?
They are announcing your flight . You'd better board the plane .
I am just reminding you about the time . You don't want to miss the plane , do you ?
Name it and I'll do it for you .
I've got it .
I am just doing what I think I should do .
This isn't like you ... Well , I hope you will have a nice flight and a successful start in business .
It's fine today .
It rained all day yesterday . The weather was awful last week .
It's going to be sunny tomorrow .
I don't think so . There's too much competition .
Hi , bob . I ’ m reading a biography ?
It ’ s about Bob Dylan .
He ’ s a famous American musician .
It was written by Howard Sounds .
It ’ s great ! I ’ Ve learned a lot from reading it .
Sure , bob ! I ’ m on chapter 12 now , so I ’ m almost finished .
There are 15 chapters in total .
I should be done by Friday . I ’ ll give it to you in class then .
No problem . Bob .
What can you expect ? Not that good .
Just let it go .
Not bad , just let it go .
I thought you were going to let it grow out long .
You're in one of those in-between stages , aren't you .
Have you thought about wearing a hat ?
Well , it's one way to get through the in-betweens if you really want to grow it out !
I was planning to go to Beijing first and then go to northwest China ! Looks like I'm in trouble .
No way ! I don't think I've ever encountered winds that strong ! Are the storms affecting land and air transportation ?
That's exactly where I was planning to go !
I don't know . You know what they say about office romances .
They say you shouldn't mix love and work .
You ’ Ve got a point . Once I dated one of my supervisors and all of my co-workers accused him of favoritism . Then when the relationship went bad , he fired me .
That may be true , but I don't want an inter-office relationship to affect my productivity .
You are sounding like we are already married .
Well , I don't feel right about it .
Most starts with dinner , but then it gets out of hand . Besides , haven't you asked out every woman in the entire office ?
Company ? I heard about you from Linda . She said you were an octopus !
Well , I hope you can find something else to be passionate about .
In your dreams . Now if you don't mind , I've got some work to do .
I hope that I can finally find free time too . I ’ Ve been so busy at work recently .
I hope to do a little gardening . I find it very relaxing .
I heard that the weather should be good . There ’ s a possibility of a shower , but it ’ s not very likely .
Of course , something could come up and stop that wish coming true .
Not every day , but occasionally .
I don't believe ads.What ' s more , I'm already in perfect health .
Five days a week , too ?
Gosh !
Where are you going now ?
When do you start school ?
That's good .
Well , thanks all the same , Denise . But no I don't think.Sorry , I'm sure you would enjoy it . I'd like to Denise , but I'm busy on friday this week and next week too .
Thursday ? Oh , sorry . I meant thursday too . I mean I busy then too .
Yes . some other time perhaps.Thanks again .
nine twenty pm , I couldn't say . I cann't remember .
I've absolutely certain .
I'm not quite positive . I think I went out at about half pass nine .
No , I didn't .
Quite sure .
A boss likes him a lot . He says Jim is a good team player .
Maybe we all should learn something from him .
Poor , fellow , what's the date today , buddy ?
You forgot all of about it , didn't you ?
Thanks .
I ’ Ve been busy with a first aid course that I started about a week ago at the Red Cross .
For sure ! I mean we ’ Ve learned how to apply pressure to stop bleeding , how to check for a pulse , and even how to apply CPR !
Well , they took us along with some paramedics.There was this guy who fell off his motorcycle and suffered a concussion as well as a couple of compound fractures . His wounds were pretty serious so they had to rush him to the hospital . It was intense !
Good morning , Nathaniel . This is Leah calling from the International Student Office .
The reason I'm calling is because Ms . Collins will not be able to call you back until next week .
She's terribly sorry about that . She had to leave the office suddenly and won't be able to return until next week . She hopes you understand .
She asked me to call you to book an appointment with someone else today . When are you free today ?
Mr . Liu is available at 2:15 today . Will that work for you ?
I'm afraid she isn't available this afternoon . She has an opening at 11:30 this morning . Will that work for you ?
Ok , we'll be expecting you at 11:30 then . See you then .
That is just an excuse . You can always find some time to exercise .
Bill , you know that work is not the same as exercise as it is stressful but not relaxing . And skipping meals will not help you lose weight . In fact your body will only store fat if you miss meals .
How about going for a walk instead of sitting on the sofa reading the newspaper after dinner every night ?
I know , I know . Have you got a portable radio ? You can listen to the news and get healthy at the same time .
Oh yeah ?
How did you feel when you graduated ?
What did you do after graduation ?
Sounds like you're happy with your decision .
It was also a proud day for me , but I also felt like a kind of loss that day .
While seeing others going to work or continue their study , I didn't know what I would do .
I had one , but I didn't like the job very much . I wanted to attend graduate school , but I was afraid it would be too tough .
Married whom ?
Come on . Tell me what happened .
Is that true ? But anyhow , it's none of our business , isn't it ?
Thanks.You too !
Well , my family's away and I can't afford to do much.What about you ?
I can speak French and German .
I can speak German quite well , but I can't speak French very well .
No , but I'll be able to tomorrow .
Look at this one.It has a radio and cassette player and built in speakers .
Yes , but we shouldn't get any thing too big.Remember it has to fit in with our living room furniture .
Let's have the salesmen for a demonstration .
You tried to seduce me . I fell for you .
I am just thinking of it . Maybe I ’ ll go .
I think they must have horrible lives . All the paparazzi take photos of them wherever they go and whatever they do . They must get sick of it .
I think that few of the show biz stars want any publicity for themselves . They only want it for their films .
Show biz stars have plenty of expenses . That ’ s why they need so much money . They need million of dollars to buy big , seclude houses and wonderful dresses . I bet most show biz stars would prefer to Wea
I think you should give them some credit . They ’ re very talented people and they deserve all the money they earn . They even donate money to charity to help people who are less fortunate than themselves
I just found out that my husband is cheating on me .
That's what I thought . It seems that he's been seeing someone else for about two months .
I asked for leave and was at home when the telephone rang . I picked it up and a girl asked to talk to Mark . She then asked if I was his sister , and I said no , I was his wife . She hung up immediately .
Yeah , he first said it was someone from work . He gave me a lame excuse , and so I pressed him on it .
He kept trying to make stupid excuses , and then broke down and admitted to a small indiscretion .
I told him I would divorce him if he wouldn ’ t tell me the truth or end the relationship with her .
Palmistry ? What is that ?
Oh , you mean palm reading . I've seen that before , but I don't believe in it .
Really ? You've read books about it ? Ok , then . But only if you want to .
What else do you see ? Will I be successful ? Will I make a lot of money ?
What ? What is it ? What's the matter ?
Thank you Dick . Today we are going to talk about the movie Lion King . Tell me Dave , what is your impression of this film ?
I think otherwise . Even though the animation was technically strong , and as you say , the score and songs performed by Elton John were great , the film lacks a certain originality ; it lacked heart . And I would dare to say , it was too predictable .
Well , that ’ s just it . It did have some very dramatic and intense scenes For example when Mufasal dies , or the dark , grim portrayal of Scar . Even so , the film is linear . Mufasal dies , Simba runs away thinking it ’ s his fault . Falls in love and returns to retake what is rightfully his . It ’ s just too cliche .
You have always been so soft , Dave !
Anyway ... That ’ s all for today folks ! Join us next time as we talk about & quot , How to lose a guy in 10 days & quot , I ’ m sure you ’ ll love that one Dave !
Hi , Sterling !
Professor Wood ? I think he's a brilliant scientist .
I guess so .
Miss !
My name is Jane Brown !
I don't understand . You don't even know the ' friends ' you are ' talking ' to !
Do you believe what they say ?
Thanks , but I'm a lousy typist .
I don't believe it .
You are not serious ?
I can believe that .
Are you serious ?
But why ? Did I do anything wrong ?
Hey , come on . It ’ s too early to say that . We can fix things .
But I still love you .
I knew this would happen some day ...
Well . It ’ s not all my fault , Anna ...
I would like that Anna , but I think I ’ ll need a little space for a bit .
Shall we keep pur friendship ?
Saint Jude-he's the saint of lost causes . Like my cousin , Anna , who can't stop getting pregnant . She's a lost cause .
Yep . She's always got a bun in the oven . She was pregnant before marriage-a real sin in the Catholic Church .
Ha-ha . Birth control and abortion are four-letter words in my family .
I can hardly make ends meet these days .
My income remains the same but prices just continue to rise .
Definitely . I have to spend 300 yuan more on food every month .
Well , my mum lost her job yesterday .
The supply outstrips the demand in the job market and women are in a disadvantageous position as a whole .
Well , she is thinking of doing some household cleaning or baby sitting in the community .
Thank you . I just hope she won't feel pressed .
I just lost my job . I'm just worried about how I'm going to pay the bills .
I just started , but the job market is very bad right now . I'm not optimistic about it .
She's trying to be supportive , but I can tell she is very worried about our financial situation as well .
I really appreciate your help .
OK , go ahead--what is the excuse THIS time ?
Could you have gotten it done at another time ?
You have never missed an assignment before--when will you be making this one up ?
That would work , but don't let it happen again .
That will solve it then . Let's work hard to not let it happen again .
Certainly I do .
I'd be happy to do something new .
Isn ’ t it wonderful here ? The kids are enjoying themselves in the swimming pool . I hope it ’ s safe .
The kids said that they wanted to go to a party at the hotel . There ’ s a special one just for kids .
That ’ s a great idea . We can really enjoy ourselves without worrying about the kids .
Hi , Tom.Want a cup of coffee ?
Oh , hey , did you look in the classified ads ?
No , Ah ... single sellers .
Uh huh.How about a used car ? They've got good ones now .
Oh , hey , how about a new car ? They've got easy loans now.You ' d feel so good driving a new car .
You look lost . Can I help you ?
Yeah . I'm Brad .
What room is it ?
It's on the first floor by the nurse's office .
I suspect it's unavoidable .
Yeah . She married him at her mother's bidding .
How much do you want ?
I am so sorry to hear that . Is that enough ?
Forget it ! We seemingly need to gather money little by little .
No rush . You can give it back whenever you have it .
Generally speaking , Mark's personality is much more agreeable than Jones
Possibly .
How nice of you to remember !
You're so thoughtful.Thank you .
Where do you need to be that is more important than school ?
Do you have a plan to make up your missed work ?
Are you going to go right away ?
All right , but please remember that it is your responsibility to catch up .
Goodbye , and try not to miss any more school .
Yes , very . I thought the last speaker was especially good .
How do you do ? I'm Ted Nugent .
It's Nugent , N-U-G-E-N-T , but just call me Ted .
Glad to meet you .
Me ? I'm in the car business .
Yes , that's right . And how about you ?
Oh , really ? What do you do there exactly ?
Really ? There aren't many left now .
Were there any animals in the forest ?
What does his dad say ?
Well , the first year of our marriage , we had great difficulty getting along . The things that are important to me are not important to him . We had a lot of conflicts .
And now we have a two-year-old boy . We ’ re very happy that he ’ s healthy and smart .
Right now he speaks mostly Chinese , and he can say a few English words . But he will learn .
Yes , people surely can . He ’ s whiter than the Chinese kids , and his hair is a little blonde . My husband says his eyes are very Chinese though .
I'd like to very much .
Who's playing ?
Do you know what they are playing ?
And who is directing ?
Yeah , Cal Ripen just hit a home run .
Well it was 3 to 4 , but Ripen ’ s home run made it 5 to 4 since another player was on first base .
Right .
Yeah , there isn ’ t a bad seat in the place .
It was a great idea to spend a day watching a game .
Could you stay a little longer ?
In that case , I won ’ t keep you.Remember to give me a call .
I think it's the most successful film in scene-setting and music .
Sure did . It's a beauty . Where do you want it ?
Let's go to work . We want to have the tree ready to light up by evening .
Hand me some globes and paper flowers , I'll put them on these top branches .
Let's switch the lights on .
Well , I guess we're all set for another merry Christmas .
Sure , great effect.My weight has dropped from 150 pounds to 120 .
How could we ever manage to buy a big house when we are always living beyond our means ?
Ok , you name the day .
What day is that ?
Good . Where shall we meet ?
What is wrong with you ?
You can talk with him .
She works as a teller in a bank .
Yes . She goes three times a week .
She wants to be a manager .
She takes classes in accounting and business .
Nice to meet you , Mr . Wilson .
Thank you .
Well , I think I'm ready for new challenges .
I started to date someone recently , but it didn't work out .
Well ... that's a long story .
Come on , just a little piece .
I have no idea .
That's amazing .
Come on , you are making too big deal out of this .
OK , dear sister , I see . This kind of thing will not happen again .
Yeah , I just need to make the final touches .
I'm finished . What do you think ?
Do you really ?
Well , thank you very much .
You owe me $ 55 .
You are very welcome . Come back again .
I'm glad to help you . What's wrong ?
I'm sorry to hear it . What's wrong with her ?
You need a babysitter .
I could have Suzy stay at my place .
Why not ?
I know who we can ask . There is a girl I know , Sara Ralston.She is 17 , and she will usually take this kind of job . I know her from my church , and I trust her completely .
I'll get you her number . I hope she can do it . She is very responsible .
I'll go home and get Sara's number . I'll call her first myself .
Oh ... I bet the firm is fuming . Do they know who spilled the beans ?
What kind of repercussions will there be for the people who are held responsible ?
Why would the person who told have problems with the law ?
I didn't think about that . That's pretty serious . Are there investigators working on finding out who it was ?
That's because you cheated .
Yes , you do .
Oh , hi Lucas , come on in . I'm Barbara . Nice to meet you .
Would you like something to drink ? I've got tea and some grape juice .
Oh , there is a supermarket not far from here . But there is also a tea house around the corner , where you can get tea , taste tea and get a tea set as well .
You are right about that . It's quiet and very convenient . You can get to the bus and the subway stations within ten minutes ' walk . There's a grocery store , a book store , a gym , and many restaurants along the street .
Well , if you want we can go together sometime . Actually I was thinking of going this afternoon , if you like , you can join me and I can show you the neighborhood along the way .
I like basketball . I really enjoy watching the NBA games on TV .
I don ’ t really have one but I support Huston .
I think they do , but I ’ m biased . They have a good manager and a great coach .
I have the same problem . The players are really very skilful . I wish I could play that well .
Yes , I do . We ’ re doing pretty well this season . We ’ Ve won most of our games , but we ’ re not top of the league table .
We ’ Ve got four more games . I hope we can win all of them .
Why not ?
When poyou have to see her ?
How old is he ?
You're telling me .
Oh , I was out sick most of last week . I ’ m still not completely over it . You ’ d better not get too close !
Sure , why not ? I could use a rest .
Oh , I went on a holiday in the city of Chende .
The city is small , not very modern , but there are many mountains with lots of trees around the city , so the air there is pretty fresh .
Certainly ! The most attractive place is that , it's very large ; it is 8 times the size of Forbidden City and 16 times the size of Summer Palace . The art of gardens is perfectly represented in it .
Yes , I think the reason is that there is a big lake , and many trees in the Resort .
The main product of Chende is various kinds of ferine mushroom and the almond . The mushroom tastes really good , and it is very different from the common mushrooms , and the snack made of almond is delicious .
Yeah , it's must for me .
I won't , mom .
I will . Bye , mom .
Oh really ? Is he all right ?
Poor old John ! I am ever so sorry .
Mind your own business .
yes , I heard it's supposed to come out in June . Are you thinking about getting one ?
if I had enough money , I'd buy one , but I don't even have enough to buy one of their shuffle spods .
the first generation iPod shuffle is about the size of a park of gum and the second generation iPod shuffle is about half the size of the first .
I think it's either one or two gigs . I can't remember .
not much at all . I think it's about 100 dollars .
do you have an iPod ?
why didn't you just buy another battery for it so you could use it ?
I can't deny that . She is so beautiful that I fell in love with her at the first sight . I wish I knew more about her .
I can not belive that . It must be cooked up by someone .
I ’ m looking for this book .
I don ’ t see it on the shelf .
I already looked .
It said that the book is on the shelf , but it isn ’ t .
Could you do that ?
That ’ s great . Thank you so much .
Bob and Mary are back together .
Me too , they're such a nice couple .
I didn't have any big plans .
That sounds like fun . Where will it be ?
Oh good ! Can I bring anything ?
I am assuming that the dress is casual .
Wonderful . Just e-mail me the time and date and I'll be there .
Is that the girl you spent almost every weekend with ?
I am not good at picking gifts . Maybe you can ask if there's anything she needs to make it easier ?
Yeah , that's nice .
A plant ? That's creative . I'm sure ever time she waters it she'll think of you . But there is a problem . Do you think it'll be able to get through the customs ?
I don't know . I think the idea of a plant going across borders with a friend is really exciting but maybe seeds would be safer . You don't want to get her in trouble .
Yes , I like collecting things .
Several things , for example , Various coins , stamps , stones and so on .
Yes , stones .
Count me out .
Morning Sally ! What's up ? you seem in a hurry !
Don't worry , I'll drive you .
How are your cases coming along ?
Wow , Good for you.It sounds like a lot of work . I'm proud of you ! Is this the right building ?
You're welcome.Good luck , bye !
Happy birthday , George . Many happy returns of the day . Here's a present for you .
I hope you like it . Oh , have the other guys arrived ?
Let's go .
You only need to tell me that once .
Because I ’ m not in the mood , that ’ s why .
Help you in the kitchen , I don ’ t feel like it .
Really ? Do I have to do it ?
Well , isn ’ t there anything you want ?
No , why should I ? I don ’ t feel like it . Besides , I ’ m in such a bad mood .
Thank you .
I will try my best .
These are my roses . The roses have been in flower for a week .
Yes , you are right . I love flowers and hence have taken to growing them . I take care of my flowers every day as if they are my good friends .
Oh , I see . People who don't understand the nature of flowers won't be able to grow them well . I can help you learn more if you want to plant flowers one day . In this way you need not be afraid of your own sweet flower-garden's being neglected .
Honey , don't tell me that you forgot our anniversary , did you ?
What's in it ?
A necklace ?
I have no idea .
Oh , my god . A diamond brooch . It's so beautiful . You're so kind to me , A . Thank you !
Forget it ! If you think I ’ d ever set foot that inferior restaurant again , you gotta be nuts . Last time I ate that food , almost vomited . The service in there is terrible . It was the first time I ever stiffed a waiter
Oh , give me a break ! That place is too lavish for us .
In that case , I ’ m right behind you .
I went a global warming rally in London . It was fantastic to be around so many people who care about the environment .
it might not be possible to fix the problems that we've created for ourselves , but there are lots of things we can do to prevent more damages from happening .
well , we can use public transport instead of taking our cars for a start .
if you do have to drive , you should make sure that your car runs on unleaded petrol . Also , your home should use sources of renewable energy .
yes . You should take your glass , paper , plastic , cardboard , and tin cans to a recycling center .
I think that the issue of greatest concern is having enough sources of clean water for everyone .
to be honest , in order for the earth to continue to be a habitable place , we're all going to have to become more interested in the environment .
Because I like him .
No , I just check my weight , I'm getting fatter .
I'll get you for that comments , George .
ah , I don't know a fit works . Last time , all I saw the gym were bunch of lidos , like me .
All right . But so help me it's a better work .
Not me . I'm too hot and I'm too tired .
Well , that's not for me .
It wasn't as good as you think .
Thank you . I'm wearing make-up .
It's me . I have studied make-up at a beauty shop .
Of course . First , use eye shadow to heighten your eyes .
I think pink eye shadow is popular among Chinese girls .
I suggest you use lipstick , which also accentuates your lips .
You have to pay attention to trimming them from time to time .
Stop fussing ! It is said that the training is important for our newcomers . And my company also informs me to attend the training next week .
I disagree with you . Companies usually make a workable and reasonable plan for the trainings , so as to improve new comers ' understanding of the company and its rules in short time . Through the training , we get to know many things , such as the corporate culture and spirit . Our newcomers can really grasp the essence of the company
I am .
I think I'm in love .
Her name is Jenny .
We are in the same math class . Our teacher sat us next to each other .
She's very funny . She makes me laugh all the time .
Whatever brought us together , I'm happy .
I have no idea , any suggestions ?
It must be fun . But you know , I am not good at chess . I never won since I've learnt to play chess .
OK , settled then .
See you !
Cinct de mayo ?
Do we get a day off from school then ?
Www , man !
Cool ! Is that why we only work eight hours now ?
And then what happened ?
It's the best seller everyone's been talking about for the last six months .
I checked it out of the rental library . It only costs five cents a day .
I can't tell yet . I haven't got beyond the first chapter .
It was wonderful , but I was so tired .
Yes , that was the first thing we did . We went all the way to the top . There were visitorsfrom all over the world taking photos there .
Art galleries , cathedrals , statues , fountains , palaces , bistros , there's really too much to say .
Yes , at the beginning we were all excited and had lots of fun . However , on the third day of travelling in the city , I felt sick I think I had something bad to eat but it passed by the evening .
On the fourth day , we went to taste the French cuisine . That was really fantastic . And no stomach problems .
You'll have to try for yourself some day .
Thank you very much . I will devote all my efforts to my work .
No , I wasn't . I came here in 1992 .
I was seventeen .
No , because my English wasn't very good . I studied English for two years first .
Thanks . Your English is pretty good , too .
Yes , would you like to tell me what's playing for tonight ?
Are there any good seats left ?
Well , what time does it begin ?
OK . I see .
Just two .
Here is the money .
What're the teams ?
I bet AC Milan will lose .
Yes , I also felt that . I'm always busy , and have no time for rest . I don ’ t know how to make use of time .
That's a good idea . And in this way we will know how we spend our time and spare a lot of time to do other things .
Yeah , time is money . We really need to make good use of it .
haven't been sleeping well recently .
every night my roommates watch the Korean soap operas till mid-night . I am not a big fan of Korean shows and I don't know how to tell them to stop without hurting their feelings .
yeah , I know , but I find these sorts of things hard to say . They won't like it if I tell them to turn off the TV . Now I just hope the show will end soon .
yeah , I crave my own space . i just so tired of having people around me all time .
So soon ? Why don't you stay a little longer ?
Oh , it's a pity that you have to leave .
I'm glad you enjoyed it .
Yeah .
Oh , my mother is a German , so I can speak German .
Yeah , I'm eager to learn Chinese , but it is too difficult for me .
Very Good . I'd like to do that .
How about tomorrow night ?
I went bankrupt and I'm flat broke now .
Thank you .
Oh , thank you so much .
I really appreciated it .
It was so kind of you .
You ’ re a real friend in need .
I've been away on a vacation .
Yeah , beautiful sunshine , pleasant scenery and many new friends
Yes .
I regret to say I can't accept your suggestion .
Yes . I am going for a hike around the Qinghai Lake .
I go as much as I can . I love hiking , because you can really get in touch with nature .
Sure . But it will be a long hike 30 miles in three days . Have you been hiking before ?
Wow . You must have been pretty far away from the city .
Well , bring him along to . We will have a great time this weekend .
Yeah , about 5 minutes ago .
The Bulls , of course !
Don ’ t worry , Shan always screws up free throws .
That was a great shot ! A three pointer , yeah !
This ref needs glasses . Hey ref , open your eyes ! I can ’ t believe he didn ’ t see that !
Not so bad , but Kevin does have problems with his wife .
His wife always complained that Kevin's salary was too low and got no promotion .
Yeah , I agree with you . But you know , it's just one of those things .
Mom , it's orange ?
Mom , that's a stupid question .
I am not a child at all . I know more .
Sure . Mom , I can take care of you .
I like blue . You see , that's the color of the sky . I wanna be a superman .
I hope I can fly to any place like superman . So I can touch the sky .
Don't mention it , let's go in .
She sure can . Are you jealous , Leslie ?
You can ! With a little practice .
I think he's hot too .
Exercised over and over . Exercise is a key .
Good for you , Leslie !
yes , do you like it ?
it looks good on the outside , but the inside is a different story . It needs a lot of servicing before it can go out on the roads again .
well , first of all , it needs a new engine , which is extremely expensive .
it must have been a few years ago now .
they do . Once my son was born , there was no reason to drive this car anymore . It's only a two-seater , you know !
the heating controls don't work anymore , so it always feels like it's about 100 degrees in the car — even in the summer !
the brakes don't really work that well anymore either .
it costs more than you think to run a car , especially when there are so many things wrong with it !
I think we would be able to make it . What time shall we come ?
Shall we bring any thing ? Some wine ?
Speaking . Who's calling , please ?
Oh , hi , Tom . How've you been ?
Let me see . Uh-huh ... no , I guess I'll be free .
Sounds like a good idea .
Thank you for inviting me . See you then . Bye , Tom .
I ’ m afraid that ’ s not my cup of tea . I just find skin-diving attracting .
Yes , there must be about a hundred . Do you have a favorite ?
I know , fresh fruit flavored is the best ever .
I don't like peppermint ice cream .
One time , I tried garlic ice cream .
That doesn't sound like a good choice for today though . Let's order !
Watch your language or you'll be spending the weekend in your room .
Hi , good morning , you are so early today .
I see . How long does it take you to reach the office every day ?
Wow , that ’ s quite a long journey . Do you drive a car ?
You are right ! But I get up a little late . That gives me no other option but to travel by motorcycle .
Me too.Recently , I'm fascinated with net-chat . I've made many friends on the net.Every day I talk to them and share many interesting things with them . I really enjoy it .
I'm afraid not . Every coin has two sides . I think using internet has a great deal to do with human interaction .
Sure . A UFO is just a space vehicle from another planet . If you think about it , our space shuttles are UFOs .
I've seen photos of UFOs in America before , but they've all looked doctored up .
I think there must be .
I don't't think it would make sense if we were the only beings in this whole world . The world is just far too big for that .
No , but we're trying to contact them .
I think that countries are working hard to find a planet that we can live on in the future so that when global warming destroys this planet , humankind will not become extinct .
There's a lot of evidence that suggest it will , but I don't think it's going to happen any time soon .
I don't mind shopping for food and other daily needs .
It's fun walking around them , but their displays are so good I'm tempted to buy things I don't really need .
Oh , it ’ s lovely . Think of the nasty weather we had last week .
Fine , thank you . And you ?
Jake just broke up with me .
Yesterday . I didn't even know it was coming . He just told me he found someone else .
But it still hurts . I thought I loved him .
Better or worse , it doesn't matter . I had a lot of feelings for him . I really liked him
I know . I'll get over him . My first break up was painful because I was naive .
Maybe tomorrow . I don't feel like it tonight .
Sure .
So what ? I got a ninety-nine .
Oh , I make a phone call once a month .
Yeah .
Is it convenient and cheap ?
Really ? I'm so glad to hear that.But I don't know how to get access to the Internet.Could you show me ?
I'll appreciate it very much .
Yes , I need to apply for a parking permit .
What ? Are you kidding ? I'm only 22 years old !
Yes , I know . I have a disability.My hip was broken last year . And I can't walk well .
It's alright . You didn't see me walk to the desk .
My permission letter ?
I was told I should have the letter sent directly to your office .
But I asked them to send it to you directly .
My name is Derek Schneider , S - C - H - N - E - I - D - E - R .
Good . I will sit over there and fill out the form . I will give it to you in a few minutes.Oh , by the way , can I apply for any parking lot I want ?
I see . Thank you .
We'd better go out for a walk .
Spring .
I dislike it most .
Because the hottest season is summer in a year .
Yes , we'll be there , come hell or high water !
Really ? Tell me about some of the plants they showed .
Is that type of plant found in this country ?
So would I . what other unusual plants did they show ?
That ’ s very specialized . So , the insects and the flowers rely on each other . If one became extinct , the other would too .
I see . The plants that fascinate me most are cacti . I find it amazing that they can survive in such dry desert conditions .
That ’ s why they often have long roots to find water spines instead of leaves , to reduce water loss .
What's that ?
Great ! Who's the bridegroom ?
The guy always hands the girls in a line . When did he propose ?
My gosh ! How romantic ! When's the big day ?
Will it be a church wedding or a civil ceremony ?
Who is the best man ?
Nobody is OK , but you !
Did you promise him ?
Well , I would say that I ’ m just drifting - - here , in the pool .
Well , it ’ s very comfortable just to drift here .
No .
You got me .
No . But I ’ m working on it .
I know . I know !
Don ’ t worry . I ’ ll get it done very soon . I ’ m almost finished .
Well , it would be a lot easier to finish if you stopped talking to me .
We still have to do about ten more .
I know . Maybe we can finish it tomorrow .
All right . Let's call it quits and go home .
Yes , I did , I thought it was a failure .
Well , maybe so . But I still think everyone has their rights of their own opinion .
Yeah . Why not ?
Oh , you went to the wedding ?
I'm OK . I promise . Maybe you don't know that I have done with him for a long time .
You should go to the library to find some information about American universities , and write to the Admission Office . Then the Admission Office will send you application forms and other related materials . From experience , many applicants write to several universities instead of just one .
That is true . I'll list for you the requirements of almost all the universities . First of all , you need official transcripts of your undergraduate work , three letters of recommendation from your professors who know your competence , and the official TOEFL ( Test of English as a Foreign Language ) score ( It's usually 550 ) . Then you need a financial guarantee , and an application fee of 25 dollars .
If they agree to enroll you , they will send you a TAP - 66 Form . With TAP - 66 , you can apply for a passport from our government , and then apply for a visa from the US Embassy in Beijing .
From 3 to 6 months if everything goes well .
You are welcome . Please feel free to ask if you have any more questions .
What do you mean ?
You were ?
Really ? Why would you worry about me ? I ’ m just fine .
No way ! I like my apartment , and I like to be independent .
Not at all . I see you and your family twice a week , and I enjoy seeing my own friends . I ’ m too busy to feel lonely !
You mean Armistice Day .
Wow , I didn ’ t know ! Probably because I flunked history in school .
Yes , he is running for class president .
Take my word for it .
Don't worry . He'll cross that bridge when he comes to it . My son reads a lot on his computer and uses e-mail to send messages to his friends almost every day . He's really absorbed by the discussions .
I guess using a computer has a great deal to do with human interaction . Getting in touch with each other must be more fun to your wife and my son than the coolest computer games or the hottest information .
Sure . What do you know about the Olympic Games on the past ? For example , do you know where and when the first Olympic Games were held in the ancient times ?
Haven't the Olympics been stopped for a long time ?
I see . Look , do you know what that emblem means ? I've seen it so many times , but I don't know what it stands for .
I see . I believe there will be lots of foreigners coming to Beijing to watch the Games .
How do you pay for it ?
Tell me if you need help .
I like the freedom of summer with no school .
And I like the festivities of winter with Thanksgiving , Christmas and New Year .
And I really like the smells and colors of spring .
But I must say , if it were only for the weather , I like autumn most !
Why ?
Oh , that ’ s very sad .
What did you do ?
That ’ s a good idea . The counselor is a psychologist . He ’ s better trained to handle these sorts of things .
Yeah , me too .
Oh . Yes . It is
That ’ s a good idea
It ’ s mild . but it ’ s not always pleasant .
I like spring . The days are long and the nights are short . The flowers in blew . We go on picnics
Good afternoon , Tina .
I'm not sure yet . And you ?
Is skating interesting ?
But I can't skate well .
It's very kind of you .
Yes , I can .
Yes , it's very interesting .
Sure . Take the tennis racket . Now , throw the ball up , and hit it with the racket . Like this .
Throw the ball up high .
Yes , very high . Over your head . Then you will have time to hit the ball .
Well done !
Not bad at all , thanks . There were one or two interesting people there.Why couldn't you come ?
What a shame . Why didn't you take a sleeping pill ?
How many did you use to take ?
Good heavens . Why did you take so many ?
I'm sure you did .
He was quite right .
It sure is . The Grand Canyon is truly a masterpiece . No man could ever make anything like this .
It is the Colorado River . You can go down the river in a boat if you wish .
There is a beautiful state park here . I can see why so many people come out here to camp .
It definitely is a nice change from the polluted and crowded city .
Yeuks ! Do they know anything about me ?
I'm a little nervous !
How Ay people will be there at dinner ?
That's good , I'm usually more comfortable in bigger families .
Yes , I'm studying in the Foreign Languages Department .
I'm majoring in English .
Yes.The language is hard to learn , but it's interesting .
I'm reading a lot of books about the two countries . I like the culture .
You're right .
Thanks . It's a lot better than mine , and it's new .
We're going to visit my sister in the city .
About a year ago . She lives in an apartment on 3rd street , across from the public library .
Oh , we're not driving . We're going to take the subway . The subway only takes about 20 minutes .
I take the subway to work everyday , so I'm used to it now .
Yes , she's lived there for about ten years .
I know what you mean . It's hard to find anything that's reasonable now .
See you later .
So soon . It seems as if you just got here .
It certainly has been a pleasure seeing you again and renewing old memories .
It was fun for me , too . It gave me a chance to get away from my routine .
Oh , yes . I should be there some time next spring .
The lecturer is dull , too .
I feel the same way .
Cool ! The sound is great . These earphones are awesome !
You certainly need that . You always pump the volume up way too high .
You're right ! So I can listen to music while riding my motorbike !
I'm almost done .
I'm all done now .
I don't understand .
What's wrong with it ?
I apologize .
Excuse me ? Let's try to work this out , okay ?
My watch says half past five .
Oh yeah . It loses only a few seconds in the whole month .
From my own experience as a career woman , I would have to say that while things are getting better now than they used to be , it is still a widespread problem . Society is changing , but there is still a glass ceiling for women in many career tracks .
I think it's a very complicated issue . A part of the difficulties women have advancing in the work force are due to few opportunities and many male managers . Don't underestimate the good ole ' boy system . Men have power , so it's easier for them to stay in power .
Affirmative action has given us management quotas and bans sexual discrimination , but it's still a man's world .
What do you mean , Mr . Smith ? You said to make it brief .
No , thanks . I'm full .
Poor man , he must be terribly fed up with it .
Oh , Really ?
Thank you , Rick ! As you can see , ladies and gentleman , we are here in beautiful Pebble Beach where the top golfers in the world are trying to win the grand prize of one million dollars !
All right , we are here at the eighth hole . It ’ s a par four , and has some very difficult hazards which many golfers find difficult to avoid . Although , I did see Jack Nicklaus hit a hole in one on this very same hole !
Oh no ! Not a good swing at all ! It ’ s definitely not his day today . On the seventh hole he got a bogey and before that he barely made par . He will definitely not get a birdie on this shot .
Oh no ! A bear ! Run , Tiger , run ! Somebody call animal control !
He's still pretty sick .
We don't know , but he's going to the doctor tomorrow .
Thanks a lot . I'll tell him .
Of course , how can I help you ?
Let's pull out your scores so far . Do you think you are doing OK ?
I'm seeing that you are doing OK in some areas , but not so well in others .
You can greatly improve your grades by always reflecting on what you can improve on .
Just do your best and I am sure that you will see improvement .
I was the only one who got a strait A in my class .
Thank you .
Yes . Please give me your ID card , a photo .
Then you have to give me 15 dollars for the deposit . The library card is free .
Of course , as long as the card is well kept .
You are welcome .
Nice to see you again , too . Peter . How's your family ?
Not bad . But she's as busy as before .
pretty well . I don't know if I'll get the promotion or not , but I feel good about it .
if I get the promotion , I will be a senior engineer instead of an assistant engineer .
whenever you are given added responsibilities , you should get a promotion .
my boss .
she asked me about my ability to work in a team and what I thought a good boss should be .
I told her that I'm an excellent team player and that a good boss should treat male and female employees equally .
she told me that even when I become a senior engineer , I'll have to work with the assistant engineers as a team .
she's pretty easy to get along with . She listens to her employees and treats everyone equally .
that's true . She's highly esteemed among everyone at my company .
I will do .
Yeah , about 5 minutes ago .
The Bulls , of course !
Don ’ t worry , Shan always screws up free throws .
That was a great shot ! A three pointer , yeah !
This ref needs glasses . Hey ref , open your eyes ! I can ’ t believe he didn ’ t see that !
Not yet . I'm not finished with my research yet .
Reading my fashion magazines ! How do you think I know so much about all the latest trends ?
Duh ... That's the point . The people in the ads are wearing what's in . Plus , there are articles on new trends ...
Out of sight , out of mind .
Don ’ t you know they have had little affection for each other ?
I can't remember .
Yes . Do you want to go with me ?
Now that take this seat . Do you see those piles of red diplomas on the desks on the stage ?
That's true . Four years ' trails and hardships , joys and sorrows of life are gushing out to my mind all together . I can hardly tell whether I am joyful or gloomy at the moment when I am about to leave the campus and to start a new stage of my life .
He's going to make the opening speech .
Thank you . Nice to meet you too . I'm John . Is this your first time to take a long-distance trip on plane .
Oh , I am sorry to hear that . Take it easy . It will be OK soon . You see , I take this long-hour plane frequently , but the jet lag still makes me uneasy .
Yes , whenever I think about China , I'd see the Tian'an Men Square . China is a very beautiful country . And I've seen many landmarks in China but I like the Great Wall most .
Was it built before the In dynasty ? I thought it was in the Ming dynasty .
Oh , yeah . Thought I am an American , I know quite a lot about China and I like Chinese tea very well .
Yes , I have .
Medicine . In my country , that certainly has great prestige .
Oh.history .
Well , doctors are such an important job . I mean your health is the most imponent thing you've got , isn't it ? I want to be important and help people .
You're leaving so soon ? I wish you stayed a little longer .
Have you got the ticket ?
What time are you going ?
I'll pick you up by nine o'clock and take you straight to the airport .
OK , goodbye .
Yeah ! He ’ s very good at showing off his knowledge .
Where are they from ?
What are they doing in Beijing ?
Which hotel are they staying at ?
Surely , I do . It's hard to come by , isn't it ?
Can you get it ?
Hi ! Crenshaw and Hawthorne , at the Holiday Inn that is on that corner .
From China .
It ’ s fine . I am actually from Mexico . I was in China on a business trip , visiting some local companies that manufacture bathroom products .
Don ’ t you know it ’ s rude to ask a lady her age ?
Well thank you ! In that case , I am 26 years old , and what about yourself ?
Really ? That ’ s great ! Do you speak some Spanish ?
No , I missed it .
Someone was in the way .
Yeas , It is.Sewen Jes speaking.How can I help ?
Oh , I'm sorry to hear that , sir.What exactly is problem ?
Oh , dear ! I'll do well I can .
I'm very sorry , sir . I'll bring you a cloth immediately .
I'd like to apologize for my carelessness . May I clean it up for you ?
Here is my card , sir . Could you send me the cleaning bill and I will refund the cost to you ?
I'm very sorry to have caused you this trouble .
I will , sir . I'm really very sorry .
I am so sorry about that . It was just a slip of the tongue .
Just tell the truth . I won ’ t take it personally .
Sometimes it's wise to be direct with people . Come on , just tell me . Don't beat around the bush , please !
Alright . What is that you want to tell me ?
What ? Are you serious ? Oh , my gosh ! There will be guys everywhere .
Why ? Do you have a robot girlfriend ?
So you can download MP3 music from the Net and record it onto the MP3 chip ?
Let me see it ! It's so small !
Why would I do that ?
Some men do , but not me .
I'm an open book . Watch me all you want .
You won't catch me , because I love you . I'm not a cheater .
I don't want any other woman .
Honey , please . You're the only woman for me , forever . I swear it .
Hum , me too . This winter holiday was especially long . What have you done ?
You know , I like traveling . I made good use of this long vacation and enjoyed myself .
I don't really like sci-fi movies because they're always really weird .
Hmm ... you're right . Well , I guess ' Terminator ' is an exception to the rule .
I like it . It makes the city feel alive . I like all the different colors and I like the billboards with eye-catching pictures and slogans .
I see your point , but if companies didn ’ t spend money on advertising , no one would hear about their products . I agree that some form of advertising can be annoying . I don ’ t like it when people try to give you leaflets with information about products you have no intention of buying .
Yes , that annoys me too . With billboards , you can look away , but with broadcasts , you can ’ t avoid them . I like the way that advertising agencies use comedy in their campaign .
That kind of advertising seems to be very common with brand name products . They are always trying to maintain brand loyalty .
I don't think so . Why ?
sure . Would it be alright if I brought a few friends ?
will there be a lot of people there ?
who else is going to be there ?
I know your sister . She's very nice .
what time is it going to start ?
should I bring anything ?
I could also bring some music if you want . I've got loads of songs on my new iPod .
No , not really . Why do you ask ?
You saw a ghost ? When ?
So that's where you saw the ghost ? In your house ? What did it look like ? Was it hideous ?
So what did you do ?
Until what ? What happened ? Did you see it clearly ? Did it attack you ?
He said that I have been eating too much .
Yes , he asked me to clean up my diet by cutting red meat .
That sounds great . I'm absolutely starving ! What kind of food are you in the mood for ?
You are a woman after my own heart . I don't know many people who can handle spicy food . Are you sure you are up for hot pot ?
Ok , you are really all eyes when it comes to talking about food , aren't you ?
Let me think about it for a minute . Let's see ... oh the name of the restaurant is on the tip of my tongue ! Give me a second and it'll come to me .
No ...
That's it ! That ’ s the one I was thinking of ! I told you I'd remember it !
Q-Duck ? Do you mean the famous roast-duck store ?
They have moved to some other places long time ago .
Yeah , a lot of changes have happened here .
Yeah , they are my wife's heaven , but not mine . I always get lost in the supermarket .
Is that better now ?
Yes , I am new .
I just transferred from another school .
I came here from PCC .
I am really enjoying it here so far .
I think PCC is a lot better than here .
I graduated and now want to get a BA .
What scene ?
But where have you been , Alice ? You're over an hour late .
But why were you getting off work so late ? The office close at six , doesn't it ?
But didn't you tell him you had an appointment ?
Well , you're here . And that's the main thing .
Great ! This calls for a celebration .
Yes , and I know a few things I'd spend the money on .
A new car for a start .
I suppose I should choose one from the ' Best Career List ' , to be a public officer , what do you think ?
It beats me ! I never thought about it before and maybe I thought finding a career is a simple thing .
Me , too , I can ’ t stop scratching . They are everywhere ! Sneaky little jerks .
No , I forgot to buy some .
We can cover ourselves with beer ! That way if they bite us , they ’ ll get drunk and fall asleep .
Run ! They are thirsty for more !
I've been having a hard time sleeping lately .
Well , I'm really worried about my grades . I didn't think this course would be so stressful .
You're probably right . I just wish it were that simple . How can I stop feeling so anxious all the time ?
I don't really have time to learn anything new . I need to spend my time studying !
You ’ re right . I usually end up staring at my computer or checking my email instead of doing my work for class .
That ’ s fantastic . I ’ m going to go try that out in my room now . good night !
Actually , i popped in them last night .
Well , they're really beautiful people .
Yeah , she is a neck-off for sure .
He is a professional football player .
Anyway , that is not what I meant by beautiful .
I meant that they're very simple , easy to talk to .
Yeah . I think things are worked out just fine .
Yeah . My whole GPA is screwed up now .
Well , I bombed my econ final and ended up with a 1.7 .
Well , it's my fault because I didn't study as much as I should have .
That's what I plan on doing unless I keep screwing up . How did you do this semester ?
My GPA is pretty similar to yours . I have a 3.1 now because of the stupid econ class .
I was sitting happy with a 3.4 .
Let's just say I screwed up more than my econ class .
I started playing starcraft and ended up wasting a lot of time .
You're right . I'm not going to play games during school anymore .
Well , what do you want to see ? I don't think there are many good movies out right now .
Now that's a great plan . It's a date !
It could be . There are floods in this country almost every year , but in recent years they have been more widespread and more frequent .
The summers are hotter . The last three summers have been the hottest for the past 200 years . There have also been stronger winds .
I think you ’ re right . Climate change naturally over time , but I think that human activities are speeding up the change . I wish that government would join together and try to resolve the problem .
I'm almost finished .
I'm done now . Do you like it ?
You really like it ?
I'm glad you like it .
It's going to be $ 55 .
Make sure and come back in a couple of weeks .
Just last week .
Oh , I loved it . I only visited a couple of cities , you know . But I had a great time .
They ’ re nice .
Hey ! I learn a lot from the psychologists who give advice in those columns !
Whatever ... Smell ! Perfume samples !
You mean , you like the pictures of the beautiful models ... Hello ?
I know , I know . But you always bat around without doing things useful .
All right . Do what you can do now instead of twiddling your thumbs .
Yeah . I think so.You have to be patient and careful .
You must be joking !
It ’ s harmful not only for yourself but for others .
Stop producing cigarettes .
That ’ s right . But I don ’ t think there are better ways .
Maybe it can take effect .
Not bad.We have had a big meeting today , remember ?
Pretty well . I think the boss liked my ideas .
Well , I have to write the proposal . I'm pretty excited about it .
What happened ? We're all expecting you , Hans , Dick , Archie ...
I see . Where are you now , Li ?
It's not far away from home , It's - let me see – about 20 minutes'walk , Can you walk here ?
That's too bad , But don't worry.We ' ll put off dinner till one o'clock .
It doesn't matter.Bye .
I'd like to introduce myself first .
My name is Gavin White . I was born and raised in London . After high school , I went to Edinburgh University . I worked for one year to pay for my tuition and then got my Bachelor ’ s degree there . Now I've come here to get my Master ’ s degree . I am glad to meet all of you and I hope we will become good friends .
The usual time . Half past two in the afternoon .
The usual place . In front of the treasure house .
Your usual shirt and shoes .
Nothing unusual , I ’ m afraid .
Good . That ’ s something unusual .
I didn't like it . Not a bit . I couldn't stand the music . Besides the story was so boring that it put me to sleep .
I know . However , Jazz always annoys me . I really don't enjoy music in a movie .
Anything with a lot of action , I like thrillers and chillers .
Well , I enjoy the popcorn and being with you.You ' re more important than the movie .
Any time .
We've missed you too . The office just isn't the same without you . How is your new job ?
What happened ?
Wow , so you'll be out thirty dollars on your first week at work !
Well , every department is different . You wouldn't want your new co-workers to think you're a Grinch , right ?
A Grinch is a person who spoils the mood at a happy occasion by being selfish or unenthusiastic . You know - a party proper .
No , you must stay ! I swear it , and the oath shall be kept .
Where ?
I ask you to pass through life at my side-to be my second self and best earthly companion .
Merry Christmas ! Mr Bean .
Well , I would be glad to , but I have promised Tom to see his Christmas tree , and play the piano for his song tonight .
Fine , thanks . How are you ?
Oh my lord . I haven't really started them .
I know but I was busy with my part-time job the last few days .
To be honest with you , Jason , I don't think I'm doing a very good job of balancing my schoolwork with my job . I'm always two steps behind . I've got to get back to the dorm and continue writing that paper . Say ! Why don ’ t you talk to your advisor ? And let me know !
Yes . I think I'm lucky .
Thank you for saying that .
I have no idea . It was completely out of the blue .
Don't build a fire under me . I know the importance of time .
Don't you see I'm trying my best ?
He got a scolding .
but you said your dream was to be an entrepreneur , to be your own boss .
it sounds like you've got a perfect plan .
it can save you lots of time and effort to simply copy a successful business model .
that's right . You should establish good relationships with them . what else are you planning to do while working for that company ?
sounds perfect . I think with all that you have in mind , you'll become a successful businessman . By then , perhaps , I'll join in as a partner of your company .
What an idiot !
Really ? What a shame ! I thought she was going to win this one .
What are you reading ?
Didn ’ t he sell worthless stocks to people or something ? He got arrested for that , didn ’ t he ?
If I remember , he got off with a light sentence . Something like three years in a minimum-security prison .
I think the government fined him a small amount , and he kept the rest in his foreign bank accounts . He ’ s still a millionaire .
I know . And some poor guy that robs a liquor store makes $ 500 at most and ends up in jail for five to ten years .
sure . A UFO is just a space vehicle from another planet . If you think about it , our space shuttles are UFOs .
I've seen photos of UFOs in America before , but they've all looked doctored up .
I think there must be .
I don't't think it would make sense if we were the only beings in this whole world . The world is just far too big for that .
no , but we're trying to contact them .
I think that countries are working hard to find a planet that we can live on in the future so that when global warming destroys this planet , humankind will not become extinct .
there's a lot of evidence that suggest it will , but I don't think it's going to happen any time soon .
Yes , I've been thinking about visiting you . I hope to get some advice from you .
My field is electronic engineering . Which country do you think I should go ?
Which university should I apply to ?
Oh , I see . Thank you very much .
You gossip ! What's the basis of your opinion ?
I don't believe it . Jean is such a kind lady . How could she do this ?
Maybe !
Yes , but do you have a prescription with you ?
I'm afraid you can't buy any medicine without a prescription from a doctor .
Then you can buy Aspirin .
Yes , here this is .
Thank you and take care .
Oh , yes , it is .
That's a good idea .
It's mild , but it's not always pleasant .
I like spring . The days are long and the night are short . The flowers are in bloom.We go on picnics .
I work for Thomas Cook Travel .
I'm a guide . I take people on tours to countries in South America , like Peru .
Yes , it's a great job . I love it . And what do you do ?
Oh ? Where do you work ?
Which restaurant ?
You might make a few enemies this way .
You mean your friends . I think it's cruel .
Hurry ! Get a shot ! ... Hand it over !
We planned our wedding for next May .
Yeah , I did . But my fiancee has an important project .
Julie ’ s friend , Mary . And John will be the best man .
Hurry ! It is time for me to steal something .
I am stealing vegetables at the Happy Farm .
No , no . I mean stealing vegetables on Internet is very popular now . Many white collars join in this game and have a lot of fun by stealing others ' vegetables .
You got what I meant . Perhaps , what I steal are not vegetables , but loneliness .
I'll pay attention to my handwriting next time .
Yes , I'm serious this time .
On the contrary , I think he's very serious .
So they're easy to remember .
He's an old antique , very serious .
Hey ! How about your history teacher ?
I'm sorry to hear that .
Oh yeah and decorating the house too was colored paper and pictures . they will put a Christmas tree just inside the front door , pained toys and colored electric lights along the branches and plays all the gift packages under it .
Sure our thing .
Thanks .
What's on tonight ?
Who is in this movie ?
About 3 years , so I came here 2000 .
Providence , Rhode Island . do you know it ?
Well , not so far from New York . So what about you ? Did you grow up here ?
Don't be scared . Bite the bullet and everything will be right again .
Pretty busy . I have to pick up a lot of credits this year .
I ’ m majoring in French literature .
That's right . We got the assignment last week .
Next Monday .
I sure did . You're in luck ! It's supposed to snow all week in the mountains !
It is kind of strange though , to have snow in April , and so much of it .
When you put it that way , I guess the skies can't hold out on us forever .
It will be the best as long as the weatherman is right .
It depends on the weather .
That'll be great .
Yes , I am studying in Eastern Asian language department .
I major in Japanese .
Its very helpful . The course has let me into a world of literature . I read so many great literatures .
Yes , nobody was with her .
In Thailand .
Yes . yes , I am sure .
Quite sure . I mean that hair of hers and the voice of hers .
It takes two to make a quarrel and it takes two to mend fences .
Yeah , yeah , yeah . Hi , Mary . How are you ?
Yeah , I guess I did . They're going to buy invoking ?
I'm getting by OK . I heard MicroPower was going to make Zina president of their new invoking Internet division .
I haven't made up my mind . Maybe I will go to the US . What about you ?
I think so .
That's great . I will go hiking with you .
I got my father ’ s goat last night .
When I asked him to treat me like he does to my sisters , he jumped down my throat . So I took it out on him by telling him what I thought .
I guess we should start with nominees first .
We should probably let everyone know ahead of time so they will be prepared .
Yes , I can do that this afternoon .
Yes , let me put it on the calendar .
Couldn't be better .
yes , but I'm not sure which one to sign up for .
I have to work during the day , so I want to find a part-time course that I can do in the evenings .
I need to improve my English .
I think a one-to-one course will be too expensive for me , so a group class would be fine .
I think I prefer face-to-face instruction better .
what's that for ?
do you have a brochure about the course that I can take home to read ?
thanks . I'll read through it tonight and get back to you tomorrow to sign up for a course .
I was turned down again . It ’ s frustrating . I guess you ’ Ve got to teach me some skills .
At least you know what American women generally like in a man .
American men are naturally taller than Chinese men . So even if I exercise , there aren ’ t many chances .
You know , that ’ s going to be a tremendous change for me . Because I never exercise .
Open the door . It's me . I can't find the key .
Oh , thank you . I am exhausted . Will you bring me a cup of tea ?
So let's eat out .
Noodles . How about you ?
What's Net Love ?
Ridiculous ! They haven't met ! Maybe they're the same sex !
How could you know ?
Do you know ' He ' is Ms . Rebecca !
Impossible !
How about the cinema ?
What would you suggest to see ?
I'm tired of Mexican food . Besides , you picked the restaurant last week .
Are you sure ?
Can you stay for dinner ? We'd love to have you join us .
Sorry to hear that .
Fine , we'll be expecting you then .
Yes , I do . I think that science is making us wiser . What do you think ?
I believe industry is making us wealthier .
And in my opinion , medicine is making us healthier .
I don ’ t agree with you . I maintain that we ’ re healthier , wealthier and wiser than we were a hundred years ago .
Not too bad . It is seemingly too hard for me to find a place for our date .
She said she wanted to go Dutch in dating .
But I am still traditional , so I felt weird when she paid for herself .
Are you satisfied with your girlfriend ?
Yes . After so many years of hard work , I ’ d rather I had an office of my own .
I ’ ll be very glad if you would help .
Thank you . I wish I would .
Of course . He is now 50 years old . And he started out studying alembics , singing , dancing and martial arts at the age of nine , and has tarred in 140 kung fu films . He has also become an independent producer and director .
I have no idea . Tell me .
What does he do there ?
I would say it was a typical run-of-the-mill Hollywood thriller .
Special effects ? Baloney ! That movie was made on a shoestring budget . They've been using trick photography like that for years
You should read the book . The original story is much better and has a different twist at the end .
Read it yourself and find out !
Yes . It is Everest , also called Zhumulangma in China . It is 8,844 . 43 meters above the sea level .
Actually , it is impossible because the mountain is covered with snow all year around . And is has heavy fog for most of the time .
Yes , it has been conquered by many people in history .
I'm most upset to hear that.Are you better now ?
Come on . Cheer up !
Thanks , Mark . I used to be a member of the school choir .
Well , you are flattering me . I wouldn't say I am a professional , but I did receive some training at school . My music teacher used to be a professional singer .
You are quite right .
Oh , certainly.When would you like to come ?
This weekend would be OK with me .
These price wars are disastrous for our bottom line . If they're charging 10 % less than we are , we've got to find a way to lower our price while keeping our profit .
We can try to lower our cost of production then . We need a price that we can compete with , something comparable with the competition .
Are you sure ? He doesn't look that old .
That means it's developing very fast .
Problems are inevitable .
You can't help learning when you're using it all day.You ' ll see . A few weeks ' study in the school will have a similar effect on you .
Oh , she likes keeping us on our toes by getting us use English throughout the class.She doesn't mind your making mistakes , though .
Yes . Can I ?
Yes . Is it OK with you ?
Yes . Do you mind ?
Yes . Will you let me ?
I grow a variety of things , so that something is in bloom all year round .
It looks best in spring , when the plum and cherry blossoms are out .
It was great ! How was your year ?
Yes , I'm dating someone . Her name is Amanda .
Oh , thank you . Your skirt looks beautiful , too .
Sort of yes .
But I am not that someone . I can easily talk him into doing whatever I want him to do .
Serves you right .
What time do you open this evening ?
I see . I'd like to reserve a table for two .
I'm not sure , perhaps around 8 pm .
Davis .
Oh , any chance of a table by the window ? My wife loves the bird's eye view . As it's her birthday , I want it to be a celebration .
I do , but I would appreciate you , if it could be arranged .
Thank you .
So no more regret now ?
Come on . Don't be so hard on yourself . Enjoy your life .
It's only seven minutes into the game , too early to cheer up .
Who knows ! It's a long game . Look ! That was a really nice shot !
Wait , that guy , I know him . He is just a bench warmer .
Clive is ready to explode . Keep your eyes open .
Good that he resembled his old , quick self .
Wow ! She's gorgeous .
Summers are hot and usually lasts a long time . Winters are short , but cold , wet , and windy . I love the summers in my city , but I hate the wintertime .
We usually get a big thunderstorm every two weeks , but apart from that , summers are dry . Thunderstorms make the air fresh again , so most people don ’ t mind then .
I like spring because flowers bloom and trees grow leaves again . In spring , the weather is very changeable-sometimes cold , sometimes warm . It ’ s usually windy with some rain . Autumn is usually sunny and dry , but it ’ s gradually gets colder as winter arrives . What are the seasons like in you city ?
Do you usually go on a summer holiday ?
I usually go on holiday during the spring or the autumn . I try to go somewhere where the weather is more reliable than in my city .
I think it ’ s mainly from the environment a person lives in .
No , but parents control a lot of the environment that kids grow up in , so they certainly influence their kids ' personalities a lot .
Maybe when they become teenagers , they want to be completely different to their parents .
Do you think that teenagers get a lot of their bad behaviour from tv and movies ?
Parents have a difficult job . They have to bring up their children and usually have to work too .
Yes , he is . He ’ s very hardworking when he ’ s at school . Then he comes home from school and does homework before dinner . After dinner , he goes out with his friends .
Not really . I like going to an art exhibition once or twice a year . I hardly know anything about art or sculpture . You are a true art lover , aren ’ t you ?
I never understand the meaning of those painting . They are too abstract for me . I didn ’ t pay much attention in art class at school .
I like sculpture , especially that form ancient rome or Greece . What time are you thinking of going ? I ’ d love to go with you .
That sounds fine . What time shall we meet at the bus stop ?
would you mind if I helped out in the kitchen instead ? I do enjoy cooking .
cooking makes me feel relaxed . So , what are we cooking ?
sure . We should probably pre-heat the oven right away , too .
that's a bit high for lasagne . I'll just set it at 180 degree and we can take it from there .
you know , I could do this myself . Why don't you go get the screwdriver and the pliers and go fix the vacuum cleaner so it works better ?
well , if it's not broken , then you need to learn how to vacuum better , because it doesn't look like you've vacuumed for ages !
My pleasure.What a pity you have to leave so soon !
You're welcome . Maybe next time we'll come to see you .
I promise the next holiday I have we're coming to visit . Oh , what's your flight number ?
They just announced the boarding call .
OK . Bon voyage and a safe landing .
Bye .
One of many abundant resources , I'd like to point out .
I think you'd better apologize .
Maybe not , but I advice you to say it was your fault .
My father failed in business .
Maybe it is the most difficult period of my family have experienced .
No , not now . I have found a part-time job.So perhaps I can help my family to come over the difficulties .
Thank you .
It's nice to be here .
Just a club soda for me , please .
I want to check out these books .
I have it right here .
Are you sure ?
How much ?
I don ’ t have that right now .
I ’ ll do that soon .
Fine , how are you doing ?
What do you want to do ?
Where do you want to go ?
What kind of Italian food do you like ?
No , I don't , but I like pizza .
Let's change the subject .
Johnson ? I can't place them .
They've completely slipped my mind .
No , I don't recall a thing about them .
Hmm , I must be getting absent-minded .
Thank you . Here's a present for you .
Wait a moment , I want to go to the toilet .
Thank you .
Yes , goodbye and keep in touch .
Study study study ! I want to learn a lot .
Yes , I ’ m going to take some university courses there .
Yes , but I think it ’ s probably for the best .
Hey , I ’ m a pretty cool guy ; I ’ ll make friends . And I ’ ll have a lot of extra-curricular activities too . You know , like fencing or theater or something .
Yes , that's right .
Well , how about the Museum of Modern Art ?
Why don't you go to see the Empire State Building ?
Yes , sing a song . But don ’ t sing a sad song .
Well , please sing one that ’ s not sad .
Yes.Oh , it's you , Linda . I haven't seen you for a long time.Well , come in and sit down.How about something to drink ?
Would you like tea or coffee ?
Here you are .
That sounds good . How are you doing , Linda ?
No . I'm just killing time .
Yes . I haven't been in his house for several weeks.When shall we start ?
All right . See you tomorrow .
Fantastic ! I enjoy clubbing , especially those clubs with live bands . The only fly in the ointment is that the air is bad , full of smoke , and the music is too loud , so conversations are not really possible . Once I nearly got burnt by a cigarette .
A wild dancer dropped it on my left foot and said nothing about it . If I had drunk enough and I would have had the bold to punch him in the face .
She is so pretty sick .
Thank you .
Does he do that with his Dad ? I mean , does he complain things to his father ?
But didn ’ t you say that his Dad takes him under his wings ?
I don ’ t have the slightest clue .
I ’ m not sure .
PCC is perfectly fine for me .
That ’ s not a bad idea .
You have a point .
I ’ m just going to keep going to PCC .
Hi , Sterling !
Professor Wood ? I think he's a brilliant scientist .
I guess so .
I know , we've met .
Yes , we met last year at a conference .
No . I'm tired and I've got to work tomorrow .
Yeah . I need to .
What happened with that guy at the cafe ?
But you ’ re crazy about him ?
Why don ’ t you run off with him ? What are you waiting for ?
Really ?
Oh , let me guess . Through the internet ?
Hmm . You ’ Ve got mail .
I like him very much . He ’ s a gay dog .
I am all set . He can come anytime .
I used to work as a teacher .
Oh , if I hadn't moved here I would never thought of changing it .
Thanks to your help.To our friendship .
Dancing . The boys from the Campus Band have promised to play music for us .
I'll surely make introductions for them .
Yes . I like it very much .
It's excellent .
It's delicious .
I like beefsteak very much . Have you tried Chinese dishes ?
Well , it's getting late . I have to get up early tomorrow . So I must say good night .
He must be courageous enough to fly in the face of established authorities .
So are Copernicus and many others .
Yeah , I think so . Oh , by the way , I need to ask you something .
Could I get back the sweater you borrowed ?
My boots ? Er ... Sure , ok .
Yeah , really .
Of course . Suit yourself .
Hi , I'm Susan Jackson .
I'm a student at UCLA .
Medicine .
Yes , I want to be a doctor one of these days . What about you ?
Sure . Thanks .
Well , I've already got a job waiting for me back in my hometown .
I ’ m planning on living with my parents . Won't you ?
You mean they're kicking you out ?
Well , it's not like my parents want me to live at home the rest of my life . They said that it's ok if I move back home to begin with , but they want me to find a place of my own after a year or so .
I know I need to learn that myself , but I just don't have the money for it at the moment . Living at home allows me to save up some money before I started finding a place .
Well , let's get together soon .
Sure . How about Monday ?
Well unfortunately , I'm tied up on Tuesday . I'm supposed to have lunch with an important visitor from out of town , and I don't think there's any way I can get out of it.Are you free on Wednesday ?
Well , I'm afraid Thursday is out for me . I'm expected to attend a meeting of our personnel committee , and it's very important for me to be there .
Friday sounds good . Where should we meet ?
It ’ s Tuesday today . I always go to my class on Tuesday night .
Well , I ’ m learning how to use math in the business environment .
The job market is so competitive nowadays . I want to develop some useful skills .
It ’ s going all right . I ’ m learning some things for the first time , but I ’ m also brushing up on some things that I already know .
Which one ?
She is Miao Li . She's come here to see her brother .
OK . She's a costume designer and works in a garment mill .
She looks very beautiful . She is a nice girl .
No , she hasn't .
I want to get a passport .
When can I apply for it ?
I ’ d like to do that .
What ’ s next ?
When will my passport be ready ?
That ’ s great . Thank you .
About my boyfriend .
You are really a wet blanket .
Do we have to type out our homework ?
Is there anything else ?
We are allowed to use a calculator in class ?
It is beautiful ! Look , there are so many birds around it .
Listen to the sound of nature ! It's like music .
What are those ?
I'm going to take more pictures today .
Well , the stereotype in the movies is that L . A . is a frivolous town with a lot of flaky people . I guess , in the back of my mind , that's what I expected .
Well , it is and it's not . The city of L . A . is much bigger and more diverse than I had expected . There are people here from all over the country and all over world , like New York . I've heard people say that in L . A . , everyone is from somewhere else . Tha's partly true . So , I've met all kinds of people here . What I'm realizing is that the picture of L . A . that's in movies only represents a small segment of the city .
Morning . Can I help you ?
All you need is your student identification card to check out books .
That's all you need .
You can check out two books at a time . But you can't check out newspapers , magazines and periodicals , they have to be read within library .
For two weeks . After that you must renew the book if you wish to keep them longer .
Yes , over there to your left .
Yes , the weather is wonderful , the game is wonderful and the players are wonderful .
He certainly is . He is the Peckham in our collage .
Ok , let ’ s start opening some presents !
This next one is from Betty .
One more from Carla .
OK , that ’ s all of them.No more gifts . Now who wants to guess when the baby is due ?
You can check out two books at a time .
For two weeks . After that you must renew the books if you wish to keep them longer .
Well , I ’ Ve got some papers due .
Not too good yet . Better than I was though .
You'll see the world-famous magnificent waterfall .
Your dream will come true . It's really breathtaking
That is just an excuse.You can always find some time to exercise .
Bill , you know that work is not the same as exercise as it is stressful but not relaxing.And skipping meals will not help you lose weight.In fact your body will only store fat if you miss meals .
How about going for a walk instead of sitting on the sofa reading the newspaper after dinner every night ?
I know , I know.Have you got a portable radio ? You can listen to the news and get healthy at the same time .
Are you married ?
Then , you put S in this blank .
Yes , I nearly didn't sleep last night .
No , I just watched Supergirl , and it began too late in the night . I was too excited to get asleep after one o'clock .
The contestants are different . These girls perform in free styles .
I think less than 3 hours . This year I didn't watch any entertainment programs . Too many ads between the programs . I prefer listening to the radio .
If they could make beautiful ads , I could bear .
All right . But how ?
I see . But could you give me another piece of paper ?
Thank you so much , Mr Addison .
So , please !
I bought you a new one last year . Isn't it handsome ?
Frankly , he is more well-behaved than you .
Why hasn't the bus come yet ? Every morning we have to wait for so long .
Really ? I am looking forward to that . What about the traffic ?
I'm going out this Saturday .
Unfortunately , we do . Let's plan for something together for Wednesday . We can go right after work .
We won't have much time , so let's play somewhere close to work .
How much does it cost over there ?
That's pretty good . Let's do it .
Make it 4
Sounds good . I'll see you on Wednesday then .
Will do .
Um , very nice . It's warm in spring and cool in autumn .
Yes , it is , but not as hot as in Beijing .
He is playing hob with the fact .
Because he stayed with me all the time that night .
Not now .
Are you kidding ? I just feel tired right now .
But you just got here . Can ’ t you stay a little longer and have some tea ?
That ’ s too bad .
Thanks for coming .
Great idea . I ’ m looking forward to it . See you then .
Good night then .
what do you mean ?
yes , look over there . That's the Empire State Building . My book says it's 102 stories tall .
you're right , but when it was built in 1930 it was a marvel of technology and engineering .
quite a number . Actually every skyscraper has a history . A few blocks ahead we'll see St.Patrick ' s Cathedral and just across the street will be the world-renowed Rockefeller Center . It's a landmark
well then , there's a Central Park . Facing the park on Fifth Avenue is probably some of the most expensive properties in the world .
most of them are office buildings , huge department stores , and hotels but some are just private homes . New York is one of the financial centers of the words so there are lots of very expensive places .
Hi Simon . Nice to meet you again
I am ! I've made lots of friends and I really enjoy my courses .
Didn't I ? I'm doing business studies .
Maybe . My parents moved to Canada the year when I was born . We are living in Toronto . Suppose I might get a job in Toronto when I graduate . It's too soon to say really .
She's from Australia . She lives in Sydney . Her father runs a hotel business there and she is doing a degree in accountancy .
I guess so . What about you , Simon ?
Great ! So I'll know who to call if I ever need a lawyer .
More than one . I think the count is now three , if I remember correctly .
I don't know . I know there are advantages to joining , but I'm not much into group stuff .
I think I'm going to decline . I just prefer to do my own thing .
My dad was , but not my mom .
Yes , I'm studying in the Foreign Languages Department .
I'm majoring in English .
Yes . The language is hard to learn , but it's interesting .
I'm reading a lot of books about the two countries . I like the culture .
You're right .
I'm fine thanks . How about you ?
Not a lot , actually . Busy at work of course - we've got a big project coming up in Malaysia . I may have to go to KL in a few weeks .
Probably in a week or two . I'll let you know .
What do you mean by cautious ?
Thats a clever way to escape responsibility .
You are kidding ! He just broke up with Ann .
I hope I will meet her soon .
You ’ re kidding . We ’ ll never make it across in one piece ! Let ’ s cross at the light .
If you want to cross here , be my guest . I don ’ t feel like dodging cars and scooters !
Yes , of course . This is really a nice party with wonderful people and lovely wines .
Thank you for the invitation .
Yes , please . Thank you for everything .
No , but we still stay in touch .
We contact through email .
Your words sound a bit reasonable . But don ’ t forget the time difference .
It's so faraway .
$ 120 ? ! Then I should go and see what I can get ...
No , thank you . I had too much to drink yesterday evening . I had a bad hangover this morning . My head felt terrible .
Yes . It was a friend ’ s birthday party . We drank all kinds of things-beer , wine and spirits . After midnight , we were even drinking cocktails !
I know , but it was a celebration , you Kwon ? I don ’ t think I ’ Ve see you drunk .
You are a sensible drinker . Anyway , I ’ m not going to drink any alcohol this evening . I don ’ t ’ want another bad hangover .
Yeah . That ’ s a good idea . I heard that coke was first used as a medicine .
Are you going to the wine tasting tomorrow ?
... and taste a few ! There will be wines from several countries and an expert to give advice on which wines are good and which ones are not .
Yes , I do . I ’ ll walk you there .
Are you applying to study or work abroad ?
What do you want to study ?
Have you got your visa yet ?
I see . Is it your first interview ?
What happened ?
Why ?
I see . Well , good luck !
I almost want to send him a virus to shut his stupid computer down .
True-well , do you have any forwards for me to send him ?
Well , she ’ s tall and pretty .
I suppose so . We ’ re both friendly and easy-going .
No , she ’ s not as clever as me .
On 20th May 1963 .
27th day of the fourth month .
It will begin at five thirty .
You can see it tomorrow .
See you .
Sure ! Are you okay ? You seem a bit worried.What ’ s on your mind ?
Okay ...
What ? Why ? I mean , we ’ Ve had our ups and downs , and we have the occasional disagreement , but we ’ re happy together , aren ’ t we ?
So , what are you saying ? You ’ re breaking up with me because I ’ m perfect ?
Baby , come on . Don ’ t do this to me ! Whatever it is , we can work it out . Just give me another chance ! I know that we can get through this , but we gotta stick together ! Don ’ t leave me .
Laura ...
No . What ?
No . Really , what happened ?
Was he out with the guys from the bank ?
Oh , yeah , they always get really drunk .
Oh , really . I thought he lived with his wife .
Oh , really ? Do you know why ?
He lost his wallet and keys .
Oh , no .
So then what happened ?
Well , that's a bit of a tricky situation .
To be honest , I wouldn't .
Not really . But it has puzzled me for a long time .
My husband and I prefer to have no kids , but my mother-in-law is very traditional and wants grandkids .
Yes . It seems she can never accept a childless marriage . We had a fight last night .
But it's absolutely our own business to have a child or not .
You know , I often overhear our neighbor , the young couple , fighting about how to raise their kid and I really don't want kids to spoil our happiness .
I guess you're right . But I still prefer to have no child .
We're going to that new restaurant for lunch . Would you like to join us ?
Yes , I ’ Ve been got all his albums and most of his films on DVD . I adore him . He ’ s my idol .
Some of his early films are hard to find nowadays , especially the ones where he only played a bit part .
Yes . These posters are new . I bought them last week and put them up on my bedroom walls yesterday .
I was , but then I discovered you can find out everything for free on the internet , so I ’ m not a member now .
Of course ! I bought two copies .
Oh , it was great . We had seafood buffet . They do one every Friday . The waiters and waitresses are very good . They are very attentive , but don ’ t hang around the table .
Yes , so do I . they have wines from all over the world . There is a good range of prices to suit every pocket . We ordered some Australian red wine , which tasted delicious and wasn ’ t expensive .
They had almost every kind of seafood . There were oyster , shrimp , prawns , crabs , and fish . I ate a lot of smoked salmon .
No , they didn ’ t . you could order it from the menu . I think that lobster is too expensive to be included in the buffet .
I know . I didn ’ t eat any , but a few people in our group did and no one got sick .
Not usually . I usually just order a main course and have a dessert if I ’ m still hungry afterwards .
No , I might have a soup if it ’ s a cold winter day .
No , not really .
Well , it's very expensive and they're usually singing in another language . That kind of gets on my nerves .
Um , okay . Well , I just want a trim . Nothing too fancy .
Okay . Um ... can you make sure my sideburns are even and you just take a little off the top .
Um ... no .
Yeah . That's just what is troubling John .
This situation isn't easy to handle .
I love this store . The only problem is that it ’ s extremely expensive .
really ? I thought you hated shopping ?
sure . That ’ s really nice of you . Let ’ s go in and try some things on .
that ’ s gorgeous ! Do they have it in a size 8 ?
I think this color isn ’ t quite right for me . Do they have the same dress in white ?
this is perfect ! What do you think ?
I ’ m so lucky . You only get a chance like this once in a blue moon ! Thanks honey !
Haven ’ t you heard ? Richard was fired by our manager .
Believe it or not . Everybody is talking about it in the company .
Me too .
It could be . There are floods in this country almost every year , but in recent years they have been more widespread and more frequent .
The summers are hotter . The last three summers have been the hottest for the past 200 years . There have also been stronger winds .
I think you ’ re right . Climate change naturally over time , but I think that human activities are speeding up the change . I wish that government would join together and try to resolve the problem .
Yes , unbelievably cheap . Carlsborg is less than $ 1 .
It's fashionable .
Mary , it's not about the blind following . What matter is I enjoy in drinking . It's like when you get off of work . You're so tired . You need to get relaxed . You can't just turn on the TV and keep watch the programs until you fall asleep . You need to make your after work time more fun .
Drinking is just part of it . I mean , you have a bunch of friends coming by and having fun . You drink and talk . And the more you drink , the more you talk . It makes me so relaxed .
It's a long time ago . When I first went to a bar to pick up girls there , I saw the most beautiful girl sitting and sipping a coke . Then I went up to her and said ' can I buy you a drink ? '
Then I talked to her and got her number . You know what ? When you don't know what to say ? Just drink .
Fishing . It's great fun .
No wonder you always look so active .
can't complain . What about you ?
I've heard . She looks quite depressed .
I heard they were just married for 5 months .
yeah . Mixed marriage is tempting but crisis-ridden .
maybe they were just attracted to each other but too different to be married .
definitely . That's why many cross-cultural marriages end in divorce .
that's true.Just hope Wendy can recover from the pain of divorce soon .
Sounds like an Italian name with an “ i ” at the end .
No , I'm an art lover , so I think more of Bellini and Botticelli !
Don't we all ... hey ! Your cousin sells gift items ?
It's okay .
Don't be silly .
Alright . Next time , we can try some other flavors .
Definitely . I really like Italian food .
Why , Jerry ? Your words just came out of the blue .
I work very hard and that's it , you know , practice makes perfect .
I have no idea .
Well , Jerry , let me tell you a secret .
My IQ score is slightly above average .
Maybe I've got a higher EQ . I'm not sure .
You can say that again , Jerry . And I'm sure you're high in both of them . With a little more time cracking the books , you can also get high marks .
Let's go !
I couldn't agree with you more .
You know all about coffee . I need your advice , so I won't look stupid when I order .
Come on , Hugh ! Tea is for wimps ! Please , I need your help .
Now you're talking . That sounds good . What is it ?
He was 20 years old then .
He's over sixty .
Yes . Why ?
Just asking ? But why is your face burning like mad ? Ah-huh , someone has a crush on Jenny , doesn't he ?
Come on , Ted , don't be such a chicken . If you like her , you've got to tell her . Maybe she likes you .
What're you so afraid of ? Just tell her what you're feeling about her .
But that's better than keeping everything to yourself . You've got to let her know . Come on ! You've got to take a chance ! Even though you are rejected , it's not the end of the world ! There's nothing to lose , is there ?
Yes , it's much better than yesterday .
Oh , let's just hope it stays warm .
I'll take one . How's the cooler situation ?
Cheers . You guys didn't drive , did you ?
No , it's just that it's a holiday . With everyone out partying , there's a lot of drunk driving .
My pleasure . ( It was my pleasure . )
I'd love to . Thanks .
Any time will suit me .
I'm free tomorrow .
All right , see you then .
I don't mind . Go ahead .
OK . You can keep it as long as you need .
I am not sure . What are you doing ?
That sounds like a great idea !
Sure , I would love to go with you . When would you be leaving ?
That would give us plenty of time to explore . Did you know that there is a music festival on the beach in Santa Barbara ?
Well then , I'll see you on Saturday . Thanks for asking me to go with you .
Thank you . I was lucky this time .
I am flattered .
Thank you very much .
Of course Mike . Who else ? We fell in love at first sight .
We haven't decided yet . There are a lot of things to sort out , you know .
Yes , I've always dream of having a big wedding .
I don't really enjoy big occasions , but I think I ’ ll come round to the idea in the end , It only happens once in a lifetime .
No , it ’ s my sister .
She ’ s 18 .
Yes , she is .
Well , just a little thin .
Pretty good , thanks . And you ?
The United Nations should have more authority .
Hi , Sterling !
Professor Wood ? I think he's a brilliant scientist .
I guess so .
Yeah . Li Na's mother has been building a fire under her since her neighbour's daughter got married with a Canadian . She's almost driving Li Na crazy .
She a as meek as a lamb . She never goes against anyone or anything . She's as good as gold , you know ?
I ’ m afraid we ’ re in for a rough weekend , Mary . There is a storm system moving through the East Coast . It will be drizzling all day today , and there ’ s a 60 percent chance of thunderstorms this eve
Unfortunately , yes . It will be clear early Saturday morning but there is a high chance of showers and thunderstorms later in the day . There is a severe thunderstorm warning for some parts of the Sout
It gets better on Sunday , though . The storm systems move east and the skies will clear up at night . It will still be rather cool , with highs in the low 50s . The West Coast will be experiencing some
I am 24 .
I was born on April 15 , 1986 .
A Korean film called Friends , starring Sang Dong-gun .
How did you like the movie ?
Really ? I can't say I agree .
I guess I expected too much from the movie , so I was a bit disappointed .
Here you go . I made up the burger patties for you .
I'll take over for a while to give you a break .
Then I'll tell folks the food's ready . Come and get it ! I've always wanted to say that !
Don ’ t dress like that . You ’ ll make fool yourself . You look stupid in that robe .
Maybe it is . But it ’ s out of fashion .
Let ’ s go downtown and pick up some fashionable clothes for you .
Of course not , go ahead .
Well , sure it is . Actually , I have been cutting down the amount since two months ago . I used to smoke a pack of cigarettes for a single day . Now I limit it to 6 cigarettes a day .
Thank you for your suggestion .
Swimming . What about you ?
Really ? Why ?
Really ? I am surprised . He doesn't look like a guy who'd ever cheat on his wife , does he ?
Well , I am really surprised . By the way , have you done anything behind my back ?
I like that joke , but I hope it's true .
You don ’ t like the dog ? I promise I will never bring it with me !
I heard that too . She must be making a pocket . Well , good for her .
yes , she will . At the moment , the exchange rate is very favorable , so she should try to go as soon as possible , while it ’ s cheaper .
really ? I thought his parents had died several years ago .
dying can be very expensive nowadays ! What ’ s he going to do with it ?
I had some good financial news yesterday too .
no , but I got a pay rise of 5 % and a hours for all the hard work I ’ Ve put in recently . I think it was very nice for my boss to show his appreciation in that way .
No , we're not . We've been drifting apart for a while .
We did , but since she started her new job , all she does is hang out with her new friends from work .
I could , but all they ever talk about is work , so I always end up feeling left out .
I tried that a few weeks ago and she ended bringing a pal from work with her ! She's so busy these days that it's just impossible to hang out with her .
You're right . She would never talk about me behind my back or hold a grudge . But she just doesn't seem very interested in our friendship anymore .
I've given her enough time . I'm over it now .
I think I just have to accept the fact that it's time for us to go our separate ways .
I ’ m very fond of you .
Why ? You mean a lot to me .
What question ?
You know that I care for you . I .. I ’ m proud of you .
I .. I don ’ t feel like saying it .
Many thanks for your present . I'm so glad you are able to come .
I need to make some copies .
Does it cost to use it ?
How much does it cost ?
How many copies am I allowed to make ?
Would you mind showing me how to use it ?
Oh , okay . Thanks .
My friend and I was argued with each other . For this , I ’ m very sad . Because I don ’ t want to lose this friend .
Thank you , but I really want to relax myself . I ’ m very sorry .
Yes , it has been a long time !
I think that we last saw each other two years ago .
I have been going to graduate school at USC .
I am studying international communications .
I am counting on being able to get a good job .
I'm awfully sorry to have kept you waiting for so long .
My watch stopped and I didn't know . I certainly need to buy a better one .
There's no need to apologize .
Forget it . It was an accident .
Mine was ok , except that no one in my class speaks English . I guess it will force me to converse in Chinese more in class so at least I should improve a lot this semester .
That ’ s quite the array of nationalities . Everyone in my class is from Asia , except me . There are a few South Koreans , several Japanese , Malaysian , Thai , Singaporean , Filipino , Kazakhstan , and one Russian .
I guess so , but I think it ’ s going to be hard to relate to my classmates , especially with the language barrier . I think I might change classes .
I highly doubt it . Your girlfriend is Chinese .
What kind of business do you do ?
What kind of clients do you prefer ?
I used to work for a shipping company for six years , and I am quite familiar with some managers . Would your like to meet them ?
Anne ! I haven't seen you for ages . How've you been ?
Not bad . It really is great to see you again . W here have you been ?
Maybe he is trying to find a job . When he finds one , everything will be settled .
Would you please be quiet , Ladies and Gentlemen ?
Quiet everybody !
Yes . May I help you ?
Yes .
Nice to meet you , John .
Yes , but I didn't really like the third one at all .
Yeah . Even though the customs were brilliant , I didn't think it was as good as the first two . What did you think ?
Did you read the books before you watched the movies ?
Yes , I've read them many times . I think it's much easier to follow for people who were already familiar with all the characters .
I also think that it was much better in the theatre than at home .
That happens a lot in non-English speaking countries .
Actually , they not only had 11 nominations , but they won 11 Oscars , too !
I like it . But how did you know about my new job ? I wanted to surprise you .
Well , two weeks ago I got a tip about a possible job opening at Ace Travel Agency over on Franklin Avenue .
Well , anyway , I made a beeline over to their office , had an interview with the manager , and was told to start work the next day .
Right now I ’ m basically just a secretary , but if I ’ m given the chance , I want to become a travel agent there .
No , of course not . I ’ Ve got a lot to learn yet . In the meantime , I just want to be a good secretary and not step on anyone ’ s toes .
I got rid of that clunker . This is my new one .
Hop in , I'll give you a ride .
Yeah , it costed a bundle , alright ?
Yeah , this sucker is the fastest thing I've ever owned .
We are on the high way . Find the pound shade ..
It's a great feeling .
Thanks , Daisy .
What happened ?
Ben , we ’ re fifteen . What kind of job are you looking for ?
Uh-huh .
Hello , Helen , have you heard the news ? There ’ s been a horrible accident .
Hilda Harris husband , Henry had an accident on his way home from work .
Yes . He was taken to the hospital in an ambulance .
His car was hit by an express train . It happened at the crossing just behind his house .
He ’ s having an operation in the hospital now . Poor Hilda ! You can imagine how unhappy she is .
I hope so , too .
After all , he is a baby .
Well , everybody wants the bottom bunk . Why don't we flip a coin for it ?
Yes . Here's a quarter . I flip it , you call it in the air .
Sorry , it's tails . You lose .
Your stereo is better than mine . Do you mind if we use yours ?
Probably we can put one on that counter . And we can put one on the floor by the bed . Over there .
Well , the desk by the window is nicer , of course . Don't you think ?
So since I got the bottom bunk , why don't you get the desk by the window ? That would be more fair .
I mean , we could flip a coin for it , but I would probably win again . I'm incredibly lucky you know . Especially with girls .
Yes , that's right .
Oh , certainly . Certainly . I'm always willing to help beginners.Just call me Big Brother Dave .
C'mon , don't take it seriously ! I'm just kidding .
Why don't we start unpacking these boxes ?
Alright . See you later .
But , we just finished eating lunch .
I'd strongly recommend that you wait for a while before going swimming .
I've been through a lot today . I forgot to set my alarm clock last night , so I woke up late this morning . And what is worse , I missed the school bus .
I'm afraid I can't agree with you .
Simply because it's not practical at all .
Can't bear it , right ? I've been there before . I'll feel uncomfortable if no one calls me or sends me text messages , like there is something missing .
Actually , this is a kind of addiction called ' infomania ' or ' information overload ' .
Yes , it is . Do you consider a frequent check of your in-coming emails to be an integral part of your working day ?
Do you have your cell phone with you wherever you go and check text messages and phone calls from time to time ?
Do you open all your IM tools whenever you're using a computer ?
Now I can tell you're definitely addicted to the overflow of information
It depends .
Um . It ’ s delicious .
Not all of it .
Yeah , I'd better head for home .
Dad , I lost mum's necklace . I'm afraid she will scold me .
It is so kind of you , Dad .
Pardon ?
It's 9:30 .
Well you should have picked , in the end you always complain about everything .
I ’ m thinking of taking you back home . I thought we could have a nice evening , but you ’ re always so negative .
You see , that ’ s what I ’ m talking about , I can ’ t stand your sarcastic jokes anymore .
Well he ’ s more of a man than you are ; at least he appreciates love stories .
Don ’ t criticize Mario or else I ’ ll start on those fat , drunk friends of yours , they ’ re no saints .
You ’ re unbearable , you can walk home , I ’ m leaving .
Ok . Where should we go ?
Fine . I ’ ll be ready in a minute .
Why not ? China is a wonderful country .
No , I'm afraid not now . I'm too busy .
Yes .
Where should I sit ?
Who's Brad ?
When does the first period begin , by the way ?
Thank you . Wow , your school has so many honors . Congratulations !
Excuse me . I wonder see Dean Mr . Lee first . I was wondering if could you tell me where his office is ?
Excuse me ?
Thank you very much . It ’ s very kind of you .
This is it ?
I'm Amy . How do you do ?
Certainly ! I suppose you dance often .
Yes , I'm glad I have come .
I like it very much .
Thank you . It's lucky that I have got a good partner .
Sure . Let ’ s go . What are you going to have done ?
A foot massage sounds like a great idea . They are very relaxing . I ’ d also like to have a mudpack on my face . It ’ s supposed to help with your complexion .
This could become a very expensive trip to be beauty parlour !
Oh , I agree . We both work hard and a little beauty treatment can relieve stress .
What ’ s special about a thai massage ?
Sounds painful !
Thanks .
My sister did it . When did you get yours cut ?
Well , it looks very nice .
I'm feeling a little under the weather .
No , he has mended his way . After his father died , he set his hand to the job of putting his business affairs in order .
You can ’ t imagine what he is like now .
That's fate .
Maybe this is God's will .
All kinds , but mostly Pop , rock and classical . Why ?
What kind of music is it ?
When is it ?
Yeah , I'd like to go . Do you think we should have dinner first ?
Let's eat at the restaurant across the street from my apartment .
Yes , that's right . You have a good memory .
Chips , finger foods , desserts , baked beans . Where're the pork and beef strips ?
Ah ... hence the buns and condiments we bought . And this is Holly's potato salad .
Let me know if I can help .
No , most of the traditional festivals of the minority nationalities are not official .
What an idea !
Heineken and Budweiser . We have a two-for-one happy hour special .
Okay ... A pint of Heineken and and half a pint of bud for table six ! And what about some appetizers ?
Okay . That ’ ll be 80 bucks .
Well , he ’ s really lucky . It seems that he could win the bet at every turn .
I know what you mean . I ’ m not only after bucks . There ’ s something more in life .
Yeah ? You finally decided to wipe the slate clean ?
So what are you going to do ? Take up an art class or something ?
I ’ m with you on that one . Anything else you ’ re planning on doing ?
It ’ s about time !
You moved to a new place ?
Thank you for inviting me . Sounds lovely ! I would like to come . Where is your new apartment ?
Who else will come ?
Ok , I will be there around 6 . Is that ok for you ?
Oh , I ’ m sorry . It completely slipped my mind .
Definitely , I ’ m really sorry .
Chicken !
Sure , what time ?
For how many people ?
Western food or Chinese food ?
Do you want an expensive meal ?
How much would you like to spend for each person ?
Forty to eighty RIB Yuan a plate .
OK . Is there anything special you'd like to have on the menu ?
Anything you'd rather not have ?
How about drinks ?
Well . Dinner for ten at sixty Yuan a plate , drink's extra , at 8 o'clock tomorrow evening . Is that all right ?
My pleasure , see you tomorrow evening .
I'm sorry , but I've got an important job to do .
Looking at the beautiful creatures and listening to their songs are such wonderful experiences . I feel as if I'm in direct contact with nature .
You bet . You should try it yourself .
It was exciting !
What do you mean ?
I think the Romans do what everyone else does .
And Roman really loves life . He knows how to enjoy himself .
Really ?
By air of course .
Yes , why ?
Just asking ? But why is your face burning like mad ? Aha , someone has a crush on Anny , doesn't he ?
Come on , Josh , don't be such a chicken . If you like her , you've got to tell her . Maybe she likes you .
You've got to let her know . Come on ! You've got to take a chance !
It's the best seller everyone's been talking about for the last six months .
I checked it out of the rental library . It only costs five cents a day .
I can't tell yet . I haven't got beyond the first chapter .
You mean like a breast enlargement ? I don't think that's really necessary . That's not the way a woman should stay attractive .
Because ... I don't know . But , Connie , you wouldn't do that , would you ?
Maybe make-up would be enough ?
But what would other people think ?
I hope so , too.Rose and her husband have been wanting a boy so much .
But baby girls are just as good and just as fun as baby boys .
Sounds like you will be doing some serious cramming till Friday !
Why did you put it off until the last minute ?
Maybe you got your plate too full this semester ? You can change that next semester .
I'll say . The regular eighteen is just about all I can handle myself .
Do you really enjoy such dangerous sports ?
You are a real fan of extreme sports .
I want to think about it for some time .
I know . But your way doesn't touch my heart .
I can't tell you .
When I am angry and want to beat someone , you stand there and let me do what I want . Would you ?
Don't be so happy , it is just one of my tests !
So does my father . I'm already used to it .
How dare you say that ? What they do is just for our good .
Nothing really .
What's on these days ?
That sounds pretty good . Let's watch that .
How about at the subway entrance .
I'd be glad to . I love picnicking .
Can I bring my camera with me ?
I sure will .
Carrie , are you ok ? You seem a bit down .
Maybe it ’ s just that he is stressed out from work or something . He does have a pretty nerve wracking job you know .
Men are like that you know.They can feel nervous , anxious or on edge and the only way they can express it is by trying to hide it through aggressiveness .
Talk to him , try to cheer him up when he is down and if that doesn ’ t work , I say get rid of him and get a new one !
It's supposed to rain .
Well , it won't last long .
Thank you . No . I ’ m late for dinner at my house . I really have to go .
I ’ d appreciate that .
Thanks .
I had to look after my son at home .
He has a fever .
I think so.Thank you .
To be honest , I'm really fed up with work at the moment . I need a break !
I have to work on Saturday all day ! I really hate my job !
Yes , that's my only day off until Thursday .
That'd be fantastic ! Which beach are you going to ?
What should I bring with me ?
I can just use my beach towel . I love lazing around in the sun .
I've actually never tried . Do you have a surfboard ?
I can't wait ! It sounds like we're going to have a great time . How much money should I bring ?
Ok , where and when should I meet you ?
Positive 。
I'am absolutely sure I'm right .
This is right . There is no doubt in my mind .
Check and double check .
I would love to help you prepare for your presentation .
This will not interfere with my work . I promise you that .
I could easily give you some time tomorrow night .
Yes , and could you write down anything you might be having trouble with ?
Goodbye until then . I promise you that you'll do well after we meet .
Stop talking about her . She gives me goose bumps . I never wish to be in her sight .
Many people , many tastes . She looks pretty , but the way she speaks gives you goose bumps . I feel sick of it .
Oh , yes , it was very interesting .
Oh , I didn't actually teach in the schools . I taught after school . I taught in English institutes .
Yes . That's right.But children in Taiwan are very different from children in America.At least as far as studying is concerned.Many children in Taiwan go to special institutes after school .
That's right.After their school day is over , they go to a special institute to study math or English.They are very serious about learning over there .
Of course they do.You know , Eliza , before I went over there I thought the same thing . I thought that maybe kids in Taiwan study too much.But now that I've worked there , and taught them , I feel it is a good thing.Their parents are very concerned about their education . More than American parents are . And that is good . American kids don't study enough .
So it was interesting for me to see parents very concerned about education.They would come to me after the class and ask how their son or daughter was doing . I don't think that's a bad thing . I think it's a good thing.In America , too many parents don't pay attention .
As an English teacher , I tried to make the lessons as fun as possible . I tried to have a good time with my classes . The students often enjoyed it.And if the students enjoyed it , they learned more . So it was a good experience .
That's a stereotype we Americans have.We think that Asian kids are very obedient and quiet.But it's not true . There are plenty of naughty kids too .
I don't know . In Costa Rica , I taught adults.So it was a very different thing . So I really can't compare .
that's very kind of you to say so . Let's try some after-dinner wines .
do you prefer brandy or ports .
excellent choice . I love its smooth flavor .
yes . You always have a good nose for wines .
oh , what's that ?
why not ? It sounds great .
thanks . Cheers .
Nothing planned . How about you ?
I'm always up for a drink . To tell you the truth , it's been quite stressful here too .
But we have to work tomorrow .
I hear ya . Let's do it .
What's changed ?
I see . I guess diapers and baby food are expensive.Bringing up children is not easy .
You should have more money then .
I know . Sorry , I shouldn't have rushed you , but I just couldn't stay at home and wait .
Why not ? I'd love to do that .
Wow . Look at this . So delicate and beautiful . Did ancient Chinese people really wear them ?
I surely do . They must have had advanced machines in ancient China to do that .
Unbelievable ! I could never do that .
Listen ! Some people are singing outside . Is it the opera ?
Yes , let's do it .
Of course not . We don't do that .
I'll teach you how to keep her .
After you've solved this problem for me .
Thanks , Carla . That's quite a compliment coming from you . You always dress so tastefully .
No , not much . I got it on sale at the mall - 60 % off .
It's a promise .
It was fun , I tell you .
Well , we drove through the valley on our way there in the morning . It was a magnificent sight !
Sure , we wouldn't miss that for anything . After that , we took a short cut to the park . There was very little traffic , so we got there in less than an hour .
Yeah , we spent the whole morning under the tall trees . We had our picnic there , too .
We went for a swim in the sea . That was the biggest part of the day . Just look at my nice tan !
Yes , you are right . And I was so tired out that I fell asleep on the way back . My muscles are still stiff from the swim yesterday .
First , you need to have the list of books for your class . Do you have that ?
Well , when you have that , you can take it over to the bookstore . Can you find it ?
Just pass the gym and it's the first door on your left . Were you aware that you can also turn in your old textbooks for money ?
Take your used textbooks with you and give them to the representative near the entrance . He will pay you for them . Are you going today ?
I could help you with buying your books if you meet me there at 1
I'll see you later then . Have a great day !
But , I want to ride it , Daddy .
Great . Let's go .
I ’ m looking at my horoscope for this month ! My outlook is very positive . It says that I should take a vacation to someplace exotic , and that I will have a passionate summer fling !
It ’ s a prediction of your month , based on your zodiac sign . You have a different sign for the month and date you were born in . I was born on April 15th , so I ’ m an Aries . When were you born ?
Let ’ s see . . . you ’ re a Capricorn . It says that you will be feeling stress at work , but you could see new , exciting developments in your love life . Looks like we ’ ll both have interesting summers !
No , it ’ s not , your astrology sign can tell you a lot about your personality . See ? It says that an Aries is energetic and loves to socialize .
A Capricorn is serious-minded and practical . She likes to do things in conventional ways . That sounds just like you !
Our place is spotlessly clean , compared with others .
In fact , I just swept the floor three days ago .
I bet nobody will care about it .
$ 120.The small gift box is complementary .
Thank you ! Have a nice day !
I'm sorry , It's all my fault .
Sorry , I had no intention .
I know I was an idiot , But if there is anything I can do to make up , Please do tell me .
To be honest , Ava , I've just had a really bad day .
First , I slept through my alarm and ended up two hours late to work .
He told me that if I showed up late one more time , he'd fire me . He's so mean !
That was my second time . The first time , I was in a car accident .
No , he's from Australia . Before I met him , I thought Australians were supposed to be relaxed and easy-going . I had no idea he'd be so fussy about things .
I think I'm going to look for another job . I need to find a boss that is a bit more sensitive and optimistic than my current boss .
That's very generous of you . Thanks for the offer .
To tell the truth , I feel tired .
I had to visit all my relatives .
I didn ’ t go anywhere . I stayed at home .
Nothing . I just feel very lonely in this city . I miss my family .
Can you stay and accompany me for a while ?
Thank you so much . You are so sweet .
Well , my roommate was friends with Amanda , so he introduced us .
Yes , he described her to me , and she sounded like my type .
I do sympathize with you , I assure you .
I hope your grandfather will recover soon .
He's a hero in our town .
Yes , indeed , People say he's the smartest young man .
He's such a buppie-a black yuppie . Black people come in all shapes and sizes . Just check out the party .
You'll find some of those here , too . But not if you don't shake it up ! There's an African saying , “ If you can talk , you can sing ! If you can walk , you can dance ! ”
I just bought a new atlas . I ’ m looking this map of the world . Look at Russia ! That ’ s a vast country .
There are several tiny countries in the world too . Countries like Monaco are smaller than many cities .
Britain is half the size of france , but great Britain is still one of the largest islands in the world .
Sorry , I ’ m not a volleyball-fun . I ’ d rather play football . How about you , Mr . Wang . ? Are you interested in volleyball ?
Well , not everyone wants to drink beer . Make sure there are some soft drinks and juice . Nothing's as refreshing as iced drinks on a hot day .
Just buy a cask of wine . Have you bought ice yet ?
I think a bottle of champagne would be a good idea . It's appetizing and tasty .
Hi ! Yes , it ’ s been a long time . I ’ m really glad to see you .
Just fine . How is everything with you ?
I ’ d like that , but I ’ m flying home this afternoon , and I told my parents I ’ d meet them at the airport for lunch .
That ’ s a deal .
Yes , I ’ m in Titusville . The space shuttle is launched from near there . I ’ Ve seen a lot of space shuttle launches .
The shuttle launches are beautiful . I saw one that took off at midnight . The whole sky got bright .
I ’ m pretty happy living there .
I ’ Ve been to all of them .
The Sunshine State certainly is worth visiting . Come down for a vacation sometime . I ’ ll take you to Disney World .
I hope you do . And keep in touch , OK ?
Here ’ s my business card . Send me an email once in a while .
Thank you . I ’ d better get going . I don ’ t want to be late for lunch . Mom would worry .
Take good care of yourself , Mary .
Bye-bye !
What's the problem ?
That's easy . If I were you , I'd date me !
But they are so silly ! They're not art !
James Cameron , of course .
Well , nobody's perfect !
Yes . I am interested in applying for graduate school in America .
Can you recommend some universities with good graduate schools ?
Oh , no . It's already February 5th .
I will think about it .
So what are you trying to say to me ?
How should I say it ?
It has only been 6 months , our relationship hasn't had a chance to maturate . We are still have some hurdle we have to jump over .
Last week I saw Brain kissing you on the cheek .
That is ok , then ? Starts on the cheek ? pretty soon you french kiss in the back on his car .
So is it ok if I kiss other women on the cheek ?
You see , we still have hurdle .
No , that would be too expensive . We used the train system.We bought a special pass called a Enrail pass . It lets people use the train wherever they want , as often as they want .
Yes , they do . I wish we Americans had a better train system .
I agree . And probably the automobile companies are too powerful.They never allowed the government to develop trains .
Americans love cars for different reasons , I think.One reason is that we are very individualistic.And cars are a very individual way of getting around.Americans like the freedom of driving around by themselves.They don't want to ride in a train or bus with a group of people .
Why do you say " have to " ?
Maybe you're right . They will have to develop alternative transportation.But it will be hard in America . Too many people are used to cars.Even in our movies cars are very important .
Do you want me to give you a ride ?
Alright.Well , I'll stay here and have another coffee . Nice running into you .
It's very hot , the temperature is often over 40C .
Not really.But I like it in spring and fall . I don't like it in winter .
The winter is very rainy , I don't like the rainy day .
I lived there for three years . I like summer but I don't like winter .
Yes , it is.But it's nice in spring and fall .
I appreciate that .
I bought it when I was on vacation in Nepal .
You ’ re leaving so soon . When are you off ?
how about I come and see you off ?
Ok . I ’ ll miss you . I hope we can see each other again soon .
You ’ re welcome .
Ok . Take care . I hope you have a good journey .
Of course . I will .
I have met a beautiful girl .
Yes . At first sight .
At that time her back was ramrod straight as she sailed by , her tone is best , neither over-passionate , nor too cold .
She was pretty , her hair was the color of rich dark chocolate , waving gently to her shoulders . Her complexion was clear and golden .
He is in the bedroom and fallen asleep .
He ran four miles and came back dead beat .
Really ? Thank you . I bought it in Spring Street yesterday .
Thank you.It ' s very nice of you to say so .
That's quite a compliment coming from you .
I am in Nanjing University . I am a junior .
Because it enjoys great reputation and it is located in my favorite city Nanjing .
Ii is distinguished for the strength of law and foreign languages studies ..
It is very dull , and the production isn't very satisfactory , either .
To be fair , both the costumes and scenery are marvelous .
Well , we'd better go to a musical comedy next time . I think the one we saw last month was very good .
Me , too . I hate to sit there and look at the same stage scenery one scene after another .
Neither . The game ended in two all .
But the Brazilian is tougher .
Oh , but I suppose he has lots of talents .
I know ! I hate it ! But I ’ m taking this crash course in math .
I have to take my exams for getting into the university , so I need to prepare .
It has to ! I ’ Ve been studying every day , eight hours a day ! I don ’ t know , but the school has a great success record .
I ’ ll pick up an application form for you at school tomorrow .
Oh , yes . You ?
I thought it was better than the others-I really liked it.What did you think of it ?
Mmm . That's what I thought , too . And I always enjoy watching Anthony Hopkins .
Hum , Edward Norton , or something like that .
She didn ’ t expect to get a kick in the teeth after a day ’ s hard work .
You did ? that is great !
No i am free , i will be there , what time the thing starting ?
Ok , great , should i bring anything ?
sure , I will be happy to bring a few , what is the address ?
Got it .
No , but I heard about that Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt didn't attend .
They must be the most famous celebrity couple in Hollywood .
I also heard that Tom Cruise and Katie Holmes made an appearance at the Oscars .
I think Tom might have been nominated for one of his films , but I don't think he won anything .
Yes , his marriage to Katie is actually quite scandalous .
People in show biz can have such an easy life ; I don't know why they have to make it so complicated .
That's true . I guess it would be difficult to have people taking pictures of you everywhere you go .
Being famous , I can do without , but I wouldn't mind being rich .
What ? What did you buy ?
What is it ? Why did you buy a brick ?
And ?
And it's a brick ?
I can't believe how stupid you are . Why didn't you open the box ?
So he had the boxes wrapped in plastic .
But why would a guy be selling new video cameras for twenty dollars ?
Aha ! Now I understand.You were trying to buy stolen goods on the sidewalk.So , what I think is , you deserve to get cheated !
That's no problem.He just has a friend who works in a shop that can do plastic wrap . That's easy.And probably it's the same shop he got the boxes from.Maybe his friend works in an electronics store . They sell video cameras there . Probably they had a couple video camera boxes lying around.So they get the idea of wrapping bricks to sell to fools like you.Twenty dollars a brick . That's a good profit if they can sell enough bricks .
I am a girl of many interests . I like dance , chess , collecting stamps , travelling and taking photos .
I like rumba and tango .
You can learn Chinese checkers or military chess . Both of them are much easier .
Yes , it is . But it is full of fun and knowledge . What about you , what do you like to do as hobby ?
Sounds pleasant .
Yes , it's one of the main air pollutants . Factories don't emit it directly into the air . It's actually formed when nitrogen oxides and VOC emissions come into contact with heat and sunlight .
Oh , Vous are ' volatile organic compounds ' . That's a technical term for solvents or other chemicals found in things like paint .
Well , it can cause smog , which can affect people's health - especially people with breathing difficulties .
Really ? He deserves it ! They should teach him a good lesson .
Then he is really lucky .
I don't have the day off . Our labor union is staging a nationwide strike today , all of the workers in our department are supporting the labor union by participating and not going in to work this week .
It happens quite often , actually.Whenever there arises a dispute between the union and the executive group , the first thing they do is to call a strike . Usually it only lasts a day or two before both sides can come to an agreement and we start work again . Anyhow , it's a nice , unanticipated holiday ...
I'll have to sleep on it .
I ’ m very sorry I can ’ t .
I ’ m afraid I have some business to attend to .
I ’ d love to but I have to help John with his math problems right now .
No , thanks . His home is not far and I can walk there .
Ok , thank you .
I think women excel in every sport except the ones that are taboo for us to join in , like football .
Why do you care ? Women and men are different all around . I don't think they can be compared .
Well , I know some women who love golf and I know others who love contact sports .
Are you suggesting that anyone can be ?
Well , I think you look very pretty in your polka dot purple dress with your hair piled at the rear . That makes you very graceful and mysterious .
Remember to match it with your glittering star-shaped necklace . Very attractive on formal occasions .
Sure , more elegant and taller .
If I were your date , I would be so charmed by you .
Perfect ! Couldn't be better .
It's just what I want .
I am really pleased with it .
It's super .
What's the occasion ? You won the lottery ?
Well , I am kind of broke .
Really ? It's very nice of you .
Wonderful ! You know what ? I wish you wanted to relax everyday .
No , I don't mind in the least . I want to do something of my own . What about you ?
Kobe Bryant , of course .
He is competent both in driving the lane and shooting jumpers , but what really makes him formidable is his ability to switch up and dribble with his left hand .
indeed , no man can be perfect . He is just so-so in crashing the boards . Usually he plays shooting guard . Rebounding might not be his strong suit .
who wouldn't ! My friend Lee went so far as to get an autograph from him .
well , nothing more than a jumble of photographs .
Have you got the latest ONXIU magazine ?
What a pity ! I missed it again .
Yes , please .
Thank you . What shall I do when I check out these books ?
Thank you so much .
Study English .
It gives me great satisfaction .
I don't mind the work . I think it's worthwhile .
What is it ?
That ’ s just the short in the arm we need .
Yes . What do you want ?
What do you care , dork ?
You mean fat boy ?
Of course not , help yourself .
I have a test tomorrow .
Sure . I've reviewed all the lessons I have learned this academic year .
I am 100 % certain .
I am sure I can get a 95 this time .
I know this characteristic of him . So I never think seriously of his words .
It seems that you don't like him .
Yes , and would you like to have seats in the front or at the back ?
That's 35 yuan each .
Tarzan .
I am afraid not . Tomorrow is premiere .
Sorry . Was I disturbing you ?
Sorry . I guess I wasn't thinking . I won't do it again .
Absolutely ! Everything that ’ s thrilling turns me on .
What is it ?
Oh , never mind . I am just going to do the laundry today .
It really doesn't matter at all . I never did like it anyway .
I trust you ’ re keeping well ?
So we can get down to business .
Yes , that is a lot of choices . What is your favorite ?
I like chocolate myself .
I really don't like any ice cream with nuts in it .
Have you ever had garlic ice cream ?
It was . Let's stick with the regular choices today , though .
Oh , I feel ok but I ’ m still very tired .
I think so . One minute I feel quite awake , and the next I feel very tired .
Oh yes , I'm very interested in Chinese history so I ’ d like to visit the Summer Palace .
It ’ s a skill . What can I say ? I don ’ t know why , I just have a long routine .
Jacob , you have the luxury of having a haircut that rarely needs styling . I don ’ t . I have to set aside about an hour and a half to get ready in the mornings . Every day , I wake up and head straight for the shower . Every second day , I wash my hair . If it ’ s a hair-washing day , I frequently need to wash my hair twice because it gets really oily . Then I usually put in a conditioner and have to rinse that out too . Because my hair is so long , I seldom manage to take a shower in under twenty minutes . Afterwards , I often put on a pot of coffee and get dressed while I wait for it to brew . I take a long time to get dressed in the morning . Every now and then I remember to choose my outfit the night before , but usually I do it in the morning . In all , getting dressed takes about half an hour , at which time my hair is now semi-dry so then I have to style my hair . From time to time I ’ ll put my hair up , butoften times I bloody it straight . And then , because of the texture of my hair , I regularly have to flat-iron it to keep it from frizzing . That ’ s another twenty minutes or so . After that , I have my daily makeup routine .
Not funny .
No . I just went cold turkey , and I never smoked again .
Nice to meet you .
I ’ m Rose Teller . I think I ’ Ve seen you somewhere before ?
Yes , I was.You work for 3M , right ?
Good .
I ’ m a fashion designer.Next month , I have a fashion show . I ’ d love it if come . I can get you a couple of tickets.So you can bring a friend if you like .
Thank you .
It's not cheesy ! It's romantic . When it first came out , I saw it in the theaters five times in one week .
Alright , maybe it's a little bit cheesy . But come on , isn't it fun to go to a cheap flick once in a while ?
Haha , that's definitely a cheesy movie too . Did you watch it over and over again ?
Yes . I am very interested in the Olympic Games , and I'm especially excited about 2008 Beijing Olympics .
That's cool . Care for a little quiz on that ?
Wow , you've talked the talk . Now it's time to walk the walk . Here we go . First , can you tell me something about the ancient Olympics ?
Good . Why do people name it Olympics ?
Who started the modern Olympics ?
What did people call him ?
What did he do for restoring the Olympics ?
Well , that's for all . Excellent !
Oh , it's too far to walk there.We can take a bus .
Yeah , it's a block away down the street .
Oh , don ’ t go yet . Let ’ s at least have one more .
It ’ s too bad that you have to leave so early .
Thanks for coming ! We should meet again sometime soon .
Anytime . You can reach me 5558929 .
Fine .
I hope so , too . Bye ! Ben .
Sure , no problem . Asking for leave again ? You have been absent from class five times this semester .
I agree that Miss Li doesn't teach so well . Most students either sleep or do other things in her class .
Fortunately her class is just an elective course , not as important as compulsory courses .
But isn't it too impolite to be absent ?
Oh , I thought you just gave an excuse on this note .
Yeah , besides , your credit will be deducted . That is kind of serious .
You can't write with one hand and draw with the other .
You can count on me .
How regular ?
You are kidding me ? It is against the labor law . They should be aware of their rights .
That ’ s not right , somebody should do something .
Sorry , we have sold out the tickets .
' Beautiful Mind ' will be playing again . And there's also ' Titanic ' .
Yes , 20 yuan for each .
OK . Here you are .
A teacher .
I wouldn't like to be a singer , but I'd like to become a music teacher to teach children to sing , That dream developed in my mind when I was a child .
I'm quite sure . I've always loved working with children .
He has no sense .
But Joe won't you .
Excuse me , what did you say ?
That's incredible . I can't believe it .
How amazing !
But many roads are very narrow .
Yes , because of fewer people .
Steven ! What ’ s going on ! Who were those guys ? I didn ’ t know you have a gun ! What ’ s going on !
Steven , I ...
What ? Why didn ’ t you tell me before ? What are you doing here ?
What does that have to do with those men shooting at us ? Most importantly , why did you lie to me !
I can ’ t believe this ! Why are all these things happening to me ! I can ’ t take it anymore ! Let me out of the car !
Sure . What's playing ?
Wow , it stars Catherine Zeta-Jones , my favorite actress .
She is so beautiful and elegant . And she is famous for her fine acting .
Who is the director ?
Yes , a legend , also . I still remember , his movies , Jurassic Park and Schindler's List got him nine Oscar awards in 1994 .
It tells a romantic and humorous love story .
Give him a chance .
Thank you ! The same to you .
I've been invited over to a friend's . And you ?
I can play the piano a bit .
No , no . My playing isn't good enough for me to perform in public .
Thank you . You are cooking up a storm .
No , thank you . I'm afraid I can't take in anymore .
Oh ! I feel really under the weather . I ’ Ve got a sore throat and a bad cough .
Yes , I ’ Ve had lots of overtime to do recently and I haven ’ t slept much at all .
Yes , I think you ’ re right !
Hi , Andy .
I did not sleep much last night . I really feel bad . It was a crazy night .
I had a bad dream . I was walking alone in the graveyard , and suddenly all the ghosts jumped out of their graves . They began to chase me through the graveyard and shouted that they wanted my blood .
My mother woke me up . She had heard me crying out for help .
I felt embarrased . After all , I am 18 years old . Mom gave me some chocolate cookies and a glass of milk .
Yeah , but i was afraid to fall back asleep . I am worrying about getting into the University of Michigan .
No , I'm full . My stomach isn't growling at me any more .
I'm all set . Thank you for the dinner , Jack .
Part-timer ? Is that a new buzzword ?
Sure , I have a part-time job as a bartender .
Yeah , but I ’ m not there for fun . I have to remain professional and if I get distracted , the manager would be pretty upset .
Of course . There ’ s always much to learn . I got to know more about the real world .
Not just working experience . I would say the biggest lesson I learned is how to deal with people from all walks of life .
Sometimes it is . But after working for a few weeks , it ’ s easy to figure out .
Maybe you can come to the bar one day and I ’ ll show you around .
What ? Why do we have to do that ?
I see . That ’ s convenient ! I never understood things like this , such as GMT . I never know what time zone we are in or when to change my clock !
That ’ s why it was so weird traveling from Beijing to LA ! Because of the huge time difference , even though we left Beijing at noon and flew for more than eight hours , we still arrived in LA the same day at noon ! It ’ s like we went back in time !
What ?
Yes , she does . She is good at backstroke and free style .
But she wants to learn the butterfly stroke
I heard you are now practicing underwater swimming , aren't you ?
Say , kid , keep on practicing , you're sure to be a first-class swimmer .
That's good .
How did he make a fortune ?
I think it's a great idea . Studying abroad will offer you plenty of new opportunities . Are you planning on going abroad ?
which country do you want to go to ?
have you applied to any schools there ?
congratulations ! That's excellent news ? What do you have to do to get an unconditional offer ?
if you study hard , I don't see why you wouldn't . Have you received any other offers ?
if you're worried about money , the cost of living is lowest in America . However , if you go to Oxford University , you'll probably be able to get any job you want in the future .
if I were you , I'd apply for some scholarships and grants before you decide . Whatever you do , I know you'll succeed .
Thank you , but I am in a terrible mood indeed .
I enjoy camping .
I love the fresh air , the scenery the exercise , and the time to think .
Yes , both . Last trip I fished a little and hiked five miles .
Yes , but I threw them back .
Great ! I can't wait .
Yeah , it helps keep me fit and helps the environment , too .
Right . Since my work is near a park , it ’ s a really nice ride , too .
Oh , about 10 miles . It takes me about an hour .
You ’ re doing your part for the environment by using public transportation , too .
See you .
No , what ?
You're kidding !
Well . All right , Mark . Just this once . But you have to pick them up yourself . I ’ m a very busy man .
I ’ d rather you didn ’ t come immediately as I said I ’ m very busy at the moment . Come after lunch , Mark .
And then she made the deal with MicroPower . Vince wanted to sell for fifteen million ...
That's right . Vince still stops by her office every day to thank her .
You really should have stayed with us , Dave .
Me too . I get much more done when I am under the gun .
Uh , I don't know what to say . What do you want to know ?
Let me think a minute . I think I always try to take every chance to practice .
Well , I talk to myself . That is , I play one role first , then the other .
Sorry , I really can't do that . There's little time left for us .
Yeah . But I have an appointment with Ann .
Hello , Steven !
Not bad . What about you ?
Why ?
How is your family ?
Where are you going now ?
OK , see you next time .
Hi , Mary . Lily wanted me to buy her some things for the party .
It ’ s pretty bad .
I am glad I did not drive a car .
I like spring .
Oh , everything comes back to life in spring and the weather gets warmer .
Aha . I've read of my roommate . I made a move today .
You knew Brain Locker ?
Well , he's thin and tall . He has brown hair , a holt nose , green eyes and wearing glasses .
Good . Thanks for asking .
I need help with something .
I am looking for a newspaper article .
I didn ’ t even think about that .
That would be a lot of help .
Thank you so much .
Some routine job . Files , documents , faxes and so on .
It depends . Sometimes I am very busy .
Oh , that means I can't make sure for my own .
Well , some people use a standard set of words , but many couples today write their own wedding vows .
It wasn't . It was birdseed . We don't throw rice anymore because someone discovered that birds come along and eat the rice and have trouble digesting it .
Wait until you see what happens next ! The bride is getting ready to throw her bouquet . Let's go over and watch .
She ’ s my friend ’ s ten-year-old niece . I guess there won ’ t be another wedding in this family for a long time .
I've been feeling under the weather recently . I caught a bad cold last week , and I still haven't got over it .
I guess so . Even though I seem to be over the worst of it . I don't want to give the bug to anyone in the office .
Sarah and I could see eye to eye with each other .
No , I encourage her to go her own way , but she's now having a change of heart .
Sure . You see all these little drawers here and all the way around the walls ?
These drawers contain cards describing every book in our library . Together they constitute the library's " card catalog " . You can see that each drawer runs from one part of the alphabet to another . Fox example , this drawer goes from SCA to SCM .
No . You'd look under ' W ' . The articles ' a ' and ' the ' don't count in our alphabetization , and cards are generally omitted for extremely common words and phrases such as ' history of ' , ' introduction to ' , ' story of ' and so forth .
Well , you can look under the author's name .
Suppose you want to find a book by your professor , William Smith . You'd look under SMITH and then WILLIAM . Since that's very common name , you may have to go through several ' William Smith ' until you come to the one who wrote book on the subject you are interested in .
What's up ?
Are you asking me for a date ?
I don ’ t like to go to the movies on a date . It's noisy there .
Let's go to the coffee shop then . It's quiet there .
How about seven ?
Tomorrow ?
That sounds great .
OK . Dinner and a movie will be perfect .
How about 7 o'clock ?
OK . Bye .
It ’ s as plain as the nose on your face . They ’ re dating each other .
Well , you can bet this relationship ’ s going to be a flash in the pan .
I think you are absolutely right . Actually , my father proposed to my mother after knowing her only two weeks . They got married a month later .
No way . I want the satisfaction of squishing this bug myself . Plus , what if it's Vince ?
He's just a distraction , like a mosquito buzzing in my ear . I want no distractions .
I'm sorry to have made you disappointed .
Was I ? Sorry , I didn't mean to be . I do apologize .
Forgive me darling . I'm very tired .
Pretty good , Sam . Only the awful weather , you know .
Me either , but I ’ m dealing with it anyway .
Sounds not bad ! You know , the only thing I worried about is the safety . I ’ m not an active exerciser and my muscle may be not strong enough for such an intense sport .
I will think about it .
It's my new pendant . Do you like it ?
Yes , in a monkey suit . It's adorable !
Yeah . Two-toned , white and yellow .
why ?
Oh , yes ! I completely forgot about it .
no , but now he'll be in trouble . What's a boyfriend for ? To forget about Valentine's Day ?
you know , it's OK for a girl to forget these " big days " , but for a guy , to do that is unforgivable .
oh , it's Jack . Excuse me .
he asked me out to a dinner tonight . How about joining us ?
so what ?
Sure . I ’ Ve never seen a dragon boat race .
As long as I don ’ t have to row .
I'm sure you'll soon begin to like it.It ' s such an interesting subject .
Can ’ t be better ! Bob , aren ’ t you glad the semester is over ?
I didn ’ t think much of it . Are you ?
Sounds like fun .
Are you broke again ? Let me treat you .
You know , I am a waitress at the student center . Anyway now those final exams are almost over . I ’ d love a night out .
can't bear it , right ? I've been there before . I'll feel comfortable if no one calls me or sends me text messages , like there is something missing .
actually , this is a kind of addiction called " infomania " or " information overload " .
yes , it is . Do you consider a frequent check of your income emails to be an integral part of your working day ?
do you have your cell phone with you wherever you go and check text messages and phone calls from time to time ?
do you open all your IM tools whenever you're using a computer ?
now I can tell you're definitely addicted to the overflow of information .
I ’ Ve been playing computer games .
It ’ s called Counter Strike.It ’ s a first person shooter game.It ’ s awesome.It ’ s a multi player game where you can go online and compete against players from all over the world .
My laptop is on my bed . If you think it ’ s so easy then get on line and try to beat me .
Damp it ! How are you killing me with a single shot ? It ’ s not fair ! I don ’ t want to play anymore ! Let ’ s go get something to eat .
He said his present job seemed to be a blind alley .
He said he would tell us the secret of becoming a successful man .
Nobody would drive him up a wall by asking him such a question , you know .
Hmm ... you look too dressed up . How about this purple top and these jeans ?
Be confident . Wear styles you ’ re going to be comfortable in .
I know . But my life seems super stressful . I really don ’ t know how to get a better grab on things .
Let me see it .
It ’ s a letter from UCLA about my acceptance .
UCLA accepted me !
I ’ m not joking . I got accepted !
UCLA was my second choice , but I ’ m happy knowing I ’ Ve been accepted .
You have no idea how proud I am of myself .
I heard it might rain .
Mmm ... Well we could go to that new art gallery instead .
Maybe we ’ ll meet some of the artists too .
Yes , it's to my liking , too .
It's my dream .
I use it almost every day , but I usually only use it to check my email . I don ’ t often surf the net . You use the internet a lot , don ’ t you ?
So , you ’ re online eight hours a day .
How useful do you think the internet is as a source of information ?
How do you solve the website problems when you ’ re buying something online ?
Right . With the establishment of Internet and a lot of web companies , people are getting more and more dependent on the web .
Can you tell me how it is done ?
I see . So great .
Fine ! How are you ?
I've come to tell you I'm going to the concert this evening.Will you come with me ? I've two complimentary tickets .
It will be held at the Music Hall .
It's a piano recital . I'm fond of piano , you know .
Yes . It's really wonderful here The grass is greener and the air is fresher than those in the city .
Great , let's go .
En , it's so beautiful that I don't want to move my eyes from it .
The same to me . All the things here make me happy , the mountain , the water , the grass , the birds , the sunshine ...
That's the point . We should walk into the nature and enjoy its beauty whenever we have time .
If you are really in love with your wife , you should be in support of her . You can ’ t have it both ways , of course .
Yeah . Love me , and love my dog .
What for ?
thanks ; do you like it ?
yes , everyone on the sales floor has to wear one . They're supposed to make us look more professional .
I don't mind it , actually . I don't have to worry about what I'm going to wear every day .
it's much better than my old one . My new boss is great .
I like the fact that I get to work with people . It makes the day go by much faster .
yeah , I've met her . She's a genius saleswoman !
how do you know her ?
why didn't you tell me about that before ?
well , now that I know that , maybe we should all go out for dinner sometime .
This is very beautiful . Though I have to confess , I don ’ t know the first thing about farming !
What was that ?
And that ?
What was that ?
Relax , that was just the horses and donkeys that are in the stable .
All of your coursework is important , including everything from attendance and homework to all of your test results for the semester .
All of it is important ; please just do your best at all times .
The final and mid-term are twenty percent each ; homework , attendance , and quizzes are the rest .
Make sure you contact me as I only allow one unexcused absence .
Your grade will not be a surprise ; you will know what you need to work on .
Really ? Tell me about some of the plants they showed .
Is that type of plant found in this country ?
So would i . what other unusual plants did they show ?
That ’ s very specialized . So , the insects and the flowers rely on each other . If one became extinct , the other would too .
I see . The plants that fascinate me most are cacti . I find it amazing that they can survive in such dry desert conditions .
That ’ s why they often have long roots to find water spines instead of leaves , to reduce water loss .
That's great ! Congratulations .
Oh , it's my pleasure . After all , you are very qualified for the position .
Don't mention it.You ' re always been good.What do you say we go out to celebrate ?
It's a man-made wonder . I've seen it many times in textbooks and it's part of my dream to visit it .
That's true .
What ’ s wrong ? That was a great goal .
Looks like you ’ re going to lose out on this game then .
What were the odds ?
Too bad .
Sorry , I can't . I have to work late at the laboratory .
My boss wants me to finish this project tonight .
He's very strict with us .
Indeed.He ' s strict with himself too .
I know ! It's gonna be great . But what kind of music do you think we should play ?
Hmm ... Vanilla Ice ? I know his most famous song , " Ice Ice Baby , " but I don't know his other songs .
Don't worry . I'm almost finished .
All right . I'm finished .
What do you mean by that ?
What don't you like about it ?
I'm sorry that you don't like it .
I'm sure we can work something out .
You don ’ t love me , Roy .
No , you used to be . But not now . You are in love with someone else . You are in love with my friend , Janet . You appreciate her very much . You think she is beautiful and fun to be with and you think I ’ m dumb and uninteresting .
I envy her and also I hate her at the same time .
Oh , shut up , Roy .
Oh , SHUT UP !
I like current affairs programmes and documentaries , especially wildlife ones . How about you ?
I agree . People often criticize tv for showing too much sex and violence .
right . You can ’ t blame the tv stations for showing popular kinds of programmes . They need to make money from advertisements shown during and between programmes .
that ’ s great idea . But don ’ t the tv station lose a lot of money because of that ?
not as far as I know . We have so many advertisements . the interruptions are unbearable sometimes ! That ’ s one reason that many people prefer satellite or cable tv , where you pay a fixed amount each mo
well , there ’ s a wildlife documentary on tv in a few minutes . Shall we ?
Goodbye .
Sure .
I will .
I see . And I'll always be devoted to you .
I'll never hurt you ; I'll never lie .
It can't be dry , and can't die .
Aha , Aha ...
Hi , John , I am trying to find a carpenter .
Well , I want to build a deck in my back yard .
So I can have a special place to hang out with friends , and also do some barbecuing on weekends .
You ? Do you have a carpenter's license ?
Wow ! That's cool . So , let me give you some details about the deck I want .
I'd like my deck to be at the same level as the back door .
Yes , the back door is about four or five steps higher than the ground .
I don't like things to be fancy .
Hmm , that's good . Can you use cedar or redwood to build it ?
Well , let's take the measurements right now .
Not really .
Don't mention it .
Good night !
I wouldn't do it if I were you .
It's very dangerous , you know .
It's an easy way to get hurt , let me tell you .
Well , take care of yourself , and don't say I didn't warn you .
What is it ?
There must be something wrong with her .
Well , I think Clinton deserves high marks for doing his job generally , but he may get low marks for his honesty and personal image .
I don't find this surprising . The poll data sound quite right . He is a good president .
Chinese , maths , English , chemistry , physics , biology and so on .
To be honest , I like most of them , except for my Chinese teacher . She is quite young , but her class is too boring !
Yes , my oral English teacher is an American . He is from a small town in California .
He is great . He always tells us not to study for exams , and to pay more attention to communication rather than just memorizing .
Not everything , but nearly . He speaks very clearly .
Absolutely ! If you come to our class , I am sure you will like him .
You should go to the library to find some information about American universities , and write to the Admission Office . Then the Admission Office will send you application forms and other related materials . From experience , many applicants write to several universities instead of just one .
That is true . I ’ ll list for you the requirements of almost all the universities . First of all , you need official transcripts of your undergraduate work , three letters of recommendation from your professors who know your competence , and the official TOEFL ( Test of English as a Foreign Language ) score ( It ’ s usually 550 ) . Then you need a financial guarantee , and an application fee of 25 dollars .
If they agree to enroll you , they will send you a TAP - 66 Form . With TAP - 66 , you can apply for a passport from our government , and then apply for a visa from the US . Embassy in Beijing .
From 3 to 6 months if everything goes well .
You are welcome . Please feel free to ask if you have any more questions .
Sure . Take a seat ... what would you like to know ?
That ’ s correct . It ’ s a murder mystery based on actual murders that book place in florida several years ago . The main character-the police invesigator-is based on the man who investigated the case .
I always visit the places that I use as setting for stories . Readers like things to be as factually correct as possible-even in fiction ! I usually base my characters on people I have met . Most charact
Thank you . Let met sign it for you ... there you go .
There ’ s a real mix of stories in the book . I haven ’ t finished all of them yet , though . Many of them are short detective stories , but there are also horror stories and sci-fi ones . If you give me your
What's her last name ?
What color are her eyes ?
What color is her hair ?
How old is she ?
Not really , I like watching horror movies , like ' The Unborn . '
I like horror movies because I like to be scared .
No problem , we have a short form right here ; just hand it to me when you are done .
That looks great , but I will also need your driver's license or other form of I . D .
Well , this looks nice . Do you know how to use it ?
Of course , just remember that all of the needed information is on the card .
Well , I hope you have a wonderful time on your library visits !
I met her about one year ago .
That's right . We've been dating since last September .
Of course not . I'm afraid of them .
I'm afraid I'll feel sick at the sight of it .
During the weekend I often take the family out on short trips .
Yes , it helps me to relax .
I like to paint . 
Mainly seascapes .
I like almost all sports , and I enjoy both playing and watching . I especially like tennis and mountain climbing . I was in the climbing club all through school .
Hello , my old friend . Long time no see . How are you doing ?
Not so well . To be honest with you , I broke up with Tom .
I need to check out this book .
I don ’ t have one .
That ’ s fine .
All right . All done .
Okay . I ’ Ve signed it .
Great . Now can I check out this book ?
Well , pretty good .
Well , the cultural differences impressed me most .
That's right , quite different . One day one of my American friend looked pale , so I asked him whether he was sick or not . But he was reluctant to answer my question .
And what's more , when he told me he had caught a cold for several days , I suggested him to go to the hospital as soon as possible .
Sure I am . But he responded by saying'what do you mean ? ' .
I felt the same at first . Later he told me that I'd better not give him any suggestions when he was sick . Offering unsolicited help or advice is like showing sympathy to the weak or the poor . But back in China , helping others is always regarded being kind .
And he himself is very diligent . Considering all these , I think he has the ball at his feet .
That's pretty advanced .
Is that where you park ?
Thank you . Where is your key ?
That's amazing , it even shows all the roads that are congested at the moment .
Pretty soon cars will be driving themselves .
Here it is , and here we are .
I have to get home , but I don't need all of this fancy technology , I think I'll just walk .
Yeah , I ’ m going for a hike in the southern Rocky Mountains .
I go as much as I can . I love hiking because you can really get in touch with nature .
Sure . But , it will be a long hike , 30 miles in three days . Have you been hiking before ?
Wow ! You must have been pretty far away from the city .
Well , bring him along too . We ’ ll have a great time this weekend .
No , not at all . Go ahead .
Yes . Is that so important ?
Yes , I have a three-year-old son .
Mark , this is Lucy .
I have a friend . He is my best friend and he wants to learn English . He would pay about 100 yuan per hour . Are you interested ?
So I take it you are not interested .
Don't worry . My friend says he can always arrange his schedule around your schedule .
Let's do it this way . I'll take him to your place this Saturday . Then you two can make a schedule .
How are you going to get there ?
I am sure my friend can give you a ride .
He is a lawyer .
See you .
Do you really ?
Well , I just think he deserves it .
OK . It falls on the 15th day of the eighth lunar month . It is said that there is a beautiful goddess Chang'E on the moon who had eaten some sort of elixir and had to depart her husband . She is always expecting to see her husband again . So , later we have the traditional idea that when there is the full moon , it is time for the family members to come together .
You are right . In China , ' round ' is an auspicious word . The moon cakes are in round shape .
It was not in the past . But from 2008 , we can enjoy a three-day holiday for this festival .
Morning . Can I help you ?
All you need is your student identification card to check out books .
That's all you need .
You can check out two books at a time . But you can't check out newspapers , magazines and periodicals ; they have to be read within library .
For two weeks . After that you must renew the books if you wish to keep them longer .
Yes , over there to your left .
I'm sorry . I don't think so .
It's much too hard for his age .
No , really ?
Who will be there ?
That is good . He can leave you alone this time .
They are my own flesh and blood . It ’ s hard for me to see them suffering .
Thank you , Paul .
Yes Anthony , come on in . Have a seat .
Well , Anthony , this is not going to be an easy conversation.The company has made some decisions which will have a direct impact on your employment .
I don ’ t want to beat around the bush so I ’ m just gonna come out with it . We are going to have to let you go .
I ’ m sorry but , to be honest , you are a terrible employee !
Anthony , you were caught making international calls from the office phone , you called in sick in eight times this month and you smell like alcohol !
No , have they have another fight ?
You must be joking . Those two ?
So when did all this happen ?
Well , I believe it now , and when are they are getting married ?
I can hardly believe it .
Good idea . There is a good nightclub nearby , isn't it ?
( In the club ) Look at those people in the dance floor , they are so crazy .
I like the slow dance . I am good at rumba and waltz .
Let's find a quiet seat and sit down for beverage .
Listen , it is waltz . I like the elegant step of the old styles .
Sure .
No , I assure you .
Ok .
Of course .
I'll see . I will if I can but I won't promise .
Yes . But only if you ask me nicely .
Ok . I'll keep my promise .
He borrowed it from Nick .
He was too desperate to find some other way .
But it was her that makes us so embarrassed .
I don't care .
No . I ’ m serious . I ’ m going to quit my job .
It ’ s true . But I can ’ t show my abilities .
Your present job is something better . Why do you change ?
Birds of feather flock together . You must be one of these men .
That ’ s enough for you to worship the ground she treats on .
It was me . I am so sorry .
I had to move it , so that I can get my bike through .
I am awfully sorry . I didn't think you would mind so much .
I promise .
Who ?
Yeah , she is so charming . I like her , too .
What's the movie about ?
Isn't it silly to see a movie that you know nothing about ?
Yeah , she is great . I also admire her for her concern about society .
I wouldn't count on it .
Yes , but I'll bet she won't again .
Sure . All you need is your student ID card or admission card to check out books and read journals or magazines in the library .
Two books at a time . Except magazines or journals , they have to be read within library .
For one month . If you can ’ t return the books in time , you'll be fined . But if you renew them , you can keep them longer .
Yes , just over there to your right .
You ’ re welcome .
It was a piece of cake .
Yeah.It is the very latest in digital video cameras .
Getting cheaper is not the only reason for their popularity.They come with a lot of inviting functions .
They offer clearer and sharper images . Many of them also have up to 20x optical zoom lenses , a photo mode and fast-action mode .
Right ! Anyway , the basic difference between a digital camcorder and its traditional counterpart is that it speaks digital .
This means digital camcorders can be connected with the digital equipments you have at home , like your digital TV or your computer .
Sure ! And without any conversion process or loss of quality ! You quickly find , cut , and record video segments and create slide shows . Some camcorders even offer editing software for adding titles and special effects .
Like creating a sepia tone look and some special effects such as fades and dissolves .
With the development of the broad band Internet , you can easily upload your video files to websites or e-mail them to relatives or business partners .
Oh , just looking at these club notices . I'm thinking of joining one . Hey-why don't we join a club together ? How about the Tennis Club ?
Neither am I . It's just that the best-looking girls are in that club .
Well ... What are you interested in ?
Joanna , give me a break .
Sounds OK to me . I like movies . Hey , Joanna , look - there are a lot of decent-looking guys here . And the club jackets - they're really hot ! I think we made the right choice !
And it's all coming down to the next three weeks .
Yeah , she is some kind of Superwoman , isn't she ?
Actually , I had a perfect plan for this afternoon , but it is totally ruined by the sand storm . I woke up this morning and found it was sunny . So I called Lucy and asked her to go shopping with me . We were going to look for a new purse . Now it turned out to be like this . Neither of us wants to go to outside anymore .
What ’ s wrong with climate ? Anyway , I think the sand storm happens more frequently these days than the years before . Can ’ t people do something to stop it ?
My new plan is to wait for the end of the sand storm and clean my apartment .
I would like to return this book .
I would also like to check out this magazine .
Why is that ?
What things am I allowed to check out ?
I really need to check out this magazine .
That ’ s stupid .
What ? Are you sure about that ?
Where is he going ?
What a pity !
I know that . But it's pity for us to lose such a good neighbour . You know I always appreciate Tom's company .
The same to you !
I thought about going to my sister's . How about you ?
You mean the one with the yellow bricks ? But last time I saw it , it wasn ’ t really in business yet . I saw some people inside furnishing the rooms . Is it open now ?
Great , I like the idea of trying some new food .
Also some traditional Chinese food , like noodles and dumpling are marketed in modern ways with improved food quality . I heard this year , the government has imposed very stringent inspection on the hi-gene conditions restaurants and suppliers of food are also under tighter control . For sure all the customers will benefit from this .
Yeah . What's going on ?
Yeah . It's been a couple of months since I saw you .
I just started working out .
I joined the Samsung Health Club last month .
I concentrate mostly on my legs , chest , arms and stomach .
It's hard work while exercising , but it is a great feeling when I get done .
Exercising at home is hard . The environment is not suited for exercising .
I have a couple of guest passes . You want to check out my health club ?
Great . I'll call you Saturday morning .
Ok . Bye .
We have a beautiful natural park .
Come on.Let ' s walk there .
I ’ m worried about my daughter . She can ’ t decide about college .
I don ’ t mind that . But she disagrees with me about everything .
But I just want to give her some tips .
The same to you , Joey .
It's very thoughtful of you . Wow , it is so beautiful . Could you tell me how American people celebrate Christmas ?
You're right . Let's ask her to give us one more week .
Oh ! Good evening . I'm sorry , but she is not in . She's gone out to the theatre
Please come in
I was preparing my supper but I've finished now .
Oh ! yes
What ?
Mr . Rogers probably forgot to assign a locker to you .
Remind him to give you a locker tomorrow .
No . You have to buy your own . You'll have to go to a hardware store to pick one up .
I tried . You were preoccupied .
You got drunk , and you were hilarious . Lighten up .
So now you can say you had a mafia experience . Ha-ha .
Are you kidding ? Don had fun scaring you . He'd probably buy you dinner if we go back .
That's my grand-father . He was a farmer . When he was young , he had to take the water buffalo to graze in the field .
My grandfather did that too . He used the time to study instead .
My grand grandfather was a merchant who ran a small business . He couldn't afford to send my grand father to school .
Right . Later he was a soldier and a fireman in the village . When he was middle aged , he became a great man , quite famous .
As a leader of police officers in charge of the whole country .
No . He retired from that . He is a senator now .
Well , maybe when I get old . But first I'll be a lawyer .
Why are you considering trying for it ?
What is it about this job that appeals to you ?
Yes , you could be right . There is a lot to consider .
Would a slight decrease in pay be worth it for a new opportunity for growth ?
I think you should give it a shot . What do you have to lose ? You can always change your mind .
Great minds think alike .
Oh , no ! Why ? I was looking forward to seeing you at my new place .
No problem.Call me when you get back .
That's good for me , but do you think you'll be back by then ? I'd really like to see you .
Great ! That's settled then .
Hackneyed theme !
Nearly everything .
Too easy questions . Listen carefully . Hollywood is the movie capital of the world.It is located in southern California . Many films have been made there , and the kinds have changed often .
Gangster movies . Movie-goers at that time could get a look at the people involved in crime and their violent activities by watching it .
After all that violence , people needed to laugh , so from the mid-to-late l940 ' s , many detective movies about policemen who solved crimes were made . Then came musicals .
Right . By the mid - 50 ' s , this light-hearted genre was competing with films about more serious subjects . There was one kind that could be found throughout all of these years , and that was the , mm , the . . .
Come on .
Any more ?
Oh ! I forgot all about it . Of course you can have it back , John . I'm sorry about the delay .
Are you in a hurry ?
In that case , here , you go first .
Thanks , Tim.Nice meeting you , too .
Ye , I hope so.well.Take it easy .
Are you kidding ? I ’ m terrible ! But I love to watch sports . I go to football or baseball games a lot . And I read sports magazines every week .
Do you like sports , Janice ?
Oh , I see . You know , we spend time doing different sports . How much time do you spend exercising ?
That ’ s great ! I ’ Ve heard people say that before .
Oh , I ’ m too lazy to play sports , and I ’ m not good at anything either . It hardly excites me .
I know . He doesn ’ t like to ask anyone for help . My dad insists on paying his own bills and taking care of himself !
It seems that folks like my father and your grandmother are determined to be on their own .
Sometimes they are too independent .
What do you do with it ?
Okay .
OK .
Hey !
Got it .
No , nobody .
Well , to be frank , yes , I do .
Actually it is . Perhaps you haven ’ t noticed the sign .
There , on the window .
That ’ s all right .
No , not usually . Most people are married in a church , and then the wedding party and guests go to another place for the reception . Sometimes , however , they hold the reception in a big room in the church .
Either they go to a public place such as a hotel , a restaurant , or a club , or to the home of the brid
Why do you ask ?
Oh ! In our country the bride's family is responsible for the entire wedding-arrangement , costs , etc . So the reception is held at her home .
Many American furthers joke that they would rather hold the ladder for their daughter to climb down and elope than pay for a wedding .
Yes . When the bride and groom are ready to leave on their honeymoon all the single girls gather in one place . The bride stands with her back to them and throws her bouquet over her shoulder and they each try to catch it . The one who does will be the next one married .
What ?
You must be joking !
Give me a break . You don't care about the colors . You just like the hot babe on the cover .
Of course . I'm currently the subscriber of 10 different fashion magazines .
I guess I'm lending them to you ...
Where to ?
Hold on ! I can't afford to pay for both .
Gee , that's really nice of you .
Hi , Debbie . Have a seat . How's it going ?
Pretty good . Listen ... have you heard about the new Thai restaurant over on University Avenue ?
That's the one . A bunch of us are going there for dinner tomorrow night.How about coming with us ?
Great . I'll call and make reservations .
All right . I'll call you tonight and tell you the time .
Yes , I think we might be free . What did you have in mind ?
That sounds great . Is it casual ?
That sounds good . It will give my wife a chance to dress up .
That sounds wonderful . Will there be anyone there that I know ?
Great ! I'll look forward to it . We'll make sure and check the mail for our invitation .
I don ’ t know . But he must be a big shot .
Because everyone is trying to butter him up .
The cat has eaten my fish , I'll kill it .
I'll beat him .
Yes , He had just bought a new motorcycle .
Yes , I tried it and I quite liked it .
Sure . But I still liked it .
No . Although motorcycle is nice , I ’ d like to buy a bicycle .
Because bicycles are safer .
Really ? That ’ s marvelous !
I ’ Ve made up my mind not to be beaten again .
It's an excellent one . I like it very much .
It includes a lot of useful words and phrases .
Do you have your book list for your class ?
Fine . Once you have it , you can go to the bookstore . Do you know where that is ?
OK , so once you pass the gym , it's the first door on your left . Do you know you can also sell your used textbooks there ?
You just take them with you and trade them with the used textbook man just outside the door . Do you think you will be going there today ?
Well , if you decide to go , I could meet you over there at 1
Well , then , I'll talk to you later . Have a good day !
Sorry to trouble you . But I don't think this fish is fresh . It actually tastes a bit off .
No , please don't do that . I'd just like to return it .
Ok , then please bring me the steak mediun-rare , thank you .
What ’ s wrong ? Slow down or you are gonna give yourself a heart attack .
Take it easy ! Let ’ s go to the mall , window shop a little and see if there is anything she might like .
That ’ s where you ’ re making a big mistake ! You can ’ t just guess peoples ’ likes or sizes ! Especially with clothes or jewelry . On top of that , I think that you should get your mom something that shows how much you love her . At the same time you should show her that you took the time and effort to look for something that she would really like !
Yeah , tell me about it . I know ! Your mom is trying to learn Spanish , right ? Why don ’ t you get her a gift certificate for this great website I saw called SpanishPod .
Yes . I do one set of shadow-boxing every morning after I get up .
Definitely . It not only keeps me fit but also helps me concentrate on my soul .
Yes , he once gave her seven roses .
No way to know .
How about Great Canyon ?
Of course ! It's the most wonderful natural works .
Are they coming to Chicago again ?
Oh , good ! We can all get together again .
And Margaret and I can take the dog and go jogging in the park .
Oh , yes . We all sat on the grass , and Margaret played the guitar and sang Greek songs .
Yes . By the way , you are having a great make-up today . I like the color of your lipstick . So adorable !
Well , girls like us are happy to spend our time on those kinds of things . Actually , do we still have a meeting this afternoon ?
How old is he ?
I bet my button dollar that he won't . He is no more than a nine day's wonder .
Many people like him get a flying start but soon disappear .
Oh , yes . I got so tired . My son began to cry the moment we got on the train . It was very embarrassing because we took the over-night train and the noise made it difficult for other people in the cabin to sleep .
Yes , we did . Fortunately we put his Teddy Bear in the bag , and finally he fell asleep at mid-night with it in his arms .
My wife didn't like to go to amusement parks , so we compromised and finally went to the seaside . I think vacation in summer is not good .
Yes , he was every excited to see the blue sea and picked up many seashells to give as gift for his classmates in kindergarten .
And I taught him how to swim in the sea . It was fun and made him braver than before . After we returned home , he wasn't afraid to sleep alone in his bedroom .
You do ?
No way ! That's great ! Then we'll still be together !
No kidding ! I can't believe this . You devil !
Well , most of the time it is , I guess .
I think money will make me happy .
It will for me . Then I can do all the things I want to do .
Then I can find something new to do . If I don't have to worry about money , then I don't have to work .
You see ... money doesn't equal happiness , but it takes away a lot of responsibilities .
Sure , I have . Will you join ?
You are right . Our company ’ s Christmas party has always been an amazing occasion for everybody to relax and get to know each other better . It is also a time to make new friends and do some networking .
No , it will not be formal at all . It is a fun time . You will love the game show . Please dress casually . Usually there is an over abandon of drinks , so be careful with that .
You mean that he is bad-tempered and often gets angry with you .
We have been on good terms . She is a very nice girl . But she got in Dutch with her boss . I don ’ t have the heart to see her pounding the pavements .
Well , we hit it off with each other . Nothing more , nothing much .
It it true of many countries .
Sure . If people are near in blood , they might pass on some genetic disease to the next generation .
Hi , An . How are you ?
I am afraid I can ’ t this afternoon . I take my daughter to her tennis class at the club on Wednesday afternoons .
Ok , I'll meet you at the club at two thirty .
Yes , why ?
So ?
That sounds great . But how do you know that's a crush or a real love ?
That's a big question . Well , if you're in love , maybe you will take every opportunity to talk to her or telephone her for no reason at all .
And you think about her all the time ?
And maybe you suddenly have new interests . I mean you suddenly begin to do things you used to avoid . For instance , you used to sleep in every morning , but because she jogs every morning then you begin to like jogging .
Oh , congratulations . Sounds like you've found your soul mate .
Yes , that's right . If you find this person becomes more and more important to you and you can totally trust her , then you can stay in love .
I just bought a new atlas . I ’ m looking this map of the world . Look at Russia ! That ’ s a vast country .
There are several tiny countries in the world too . Countries like Monaco are smaller than many cities .
Britain is half the size of france , but great Britain is still one of the largest islands in the world .
Well , that's hard to say because there are so many good ones . I don't think I could pick a favorite .
Oh yeah , that's one of my favorite flicks . I think Jim Carry is one of the funniest comedians ever .
It doesn ’ t matter to me .
Either way . I don ’ t care .
I couldn ’ t careless .
Whatever you say .
I don ’ t mind if you want to .
Do you have enough money to buy that dress ?
Sure , here you go .
Yes , I do . I am the oldest child . I have a sister and a brother . My sister is in college and my brother in high school .
We get alone very well .
Rather difficult . How about you ?
Rather . I'm afraid I didn't do very well .
That's because you did well .
Why ?
What a great idea !
I like the mountain idea , but I am not so sure about the month of January .
April might be nice . It is far enough away to make the necessary arrangements .
We could ask everyone what would be the best time for them .
I'll put the survey online this afternoon .
Silly , you should make sure he does .
He ’ s buying me a handbag , and then dinner at a gorgeous restaurant .
Wow that ’ s great news ! They ’ re a great couple !
You aren ’ t going to a strip club , are you ? I don ’ t want you getting a lap dance from some stripper with the excuse that it ’ s your friends party .
Well , I don ’ t know .
Good , because my friend Wendy is getting married and I ’ m organizing her party !
Oh , it ’ s Death on the Nile . Have you read it ?
Sure . I didn ’ t know you like mysteries .
Oh , darling , we must stand shoulder to shoulder and face the music . I know you can pull yourself together .
Cheer up . You have got me at least .
No . What did it say ?
A garage sale ... that's where people check out cars , right ?
I'm pulling your leg , Paul . I'm a shopping queen , remember ? So of course I know what a garage sale is all about !
How many different varieties of products do you import from China ?
Do you import any food items ?
No idea . We've enjoyed both the natural scenery and the city sights . What else is there to see ?
You mean visit a factory ?
Good idea ! I've always been interested in that . How much is the entrance fee ?
Really ? What do the companies do that for ?
Oh , ISEE . So factory tours are good for companies as well as visitors .
Do we need an appointment beforehand ?
Thanks .
Actually , i could you some help.Thank you so much .
Yes .
It'll start on lst September .
what a shame !
That's too bad .
I am sorry to hear that .
What a pity !
Ho , no !
Good evening , Mr . Smith .
No . I haven ’ t had the pleasure .
How do you do , Mr . Wu ? Welcome .
Have a glass of wine , Mr . Wu ? And let me introduce you to some of my guests .
How beautiful the detached house is !
It's marvelous ! The lawn looks like a green carpet , and the garden with so many lovely flowers .
No wonder it smells fragrant .
It's fantastic !
Yep . And it breathes , see !
Yes , it is . Look at the little light ! It blinks off and on .
I would look so cool carrying this around !
Yes , I am studying in Eastern Asian language department .
I major in Japanese .
It's very helpful . The course has let me into a new world of literature . I read so many great literatures .
Maybe they are still wet behind ears .
Sure . Many people , including men and women , and be easily ripped off .
( quietly ) I don't understand what the teacher is saying .
That's terrible . He speaks too fast . How can I catch his meaning ?
I'm not sure whether I can pass the course or not .
I heard that too . She must be making a pocket . Well , good for her .
Yes , she will . At the moment , the exchange rate is very favorable , so she should try to go as soon as possible , while it ’ s cheaper .
Really ? I thought his parents had died several years ago .
Dying can be very expensive nowadays ! What ’ s he going to do with it ?
I had some good financial news yesterday too .
No , but I got a pay rise of 5 % and a bonus for all the hard work I ’ Ve put in recently . I think it was very nice for my boss to show his appreciation in that way .
I know them . They are the two brothers living next door .
It's said that the father's will caused the dissension among the two brothers .
No , everyone keeps in mind that ' Don't intrude in a family dispute ' .
Why ? We just got here .
12
Yes .
But why is it too late ? It's Saturday night.You have nothing to do tomorrow . Why not stay out and drink with us ?
Yes , I was . And I like living here.People know how to party here . In Taipei , some people know how to party.But here , everyone does .
They're smoking pot . Don't worry about it .
Yes , it is .
Don't worry about it . It is true that pot is illegal in America.But the laws aren't as strict as in Taiwan.If people are arrested , and they have a little pot in their possession , they don't go to jail . They just have to pay a fine .
Yes .
I tried it a couple times . But I don't like it . I like alcohol better.Don ' t worry about them , though . If you don't want to smoke pot , you don't have to .
That's alright . But you really should have another drink.People will probably start dancing soon .
You had two drinks at nine o'clock . C'mon , Ann , you are in an American university now ! You have to learn how to drink .
It is . We study hard all week.And then , on the weekend , we party hard . That's the best way to live .
Well , things are all right .
Yeah , Bob moved in last week . He is a nice guy and so far everything is cool except this girlfriend .
She came over last weekend . She is a nice girl but there's something about her voice that really creeps me out . I tried to smile and be polite , but the whole time all I could think was " what's wrong with your voice ? "
I doubt it . Last time was an oral train wreck . Listening to her talk is like chewing tin foil .
No , it's so much worse . And tonight they invited me out to dinner . I really have no idea how I'm going to pull it off .
That's the plan .
I am not cheating . When you pass go , you collect $ 200 , Everyone knows that !
Banker ?
Can I have my $ 200 please ?
Yes , is that you , Allen ?
Not bad .
Sure.Thank you very much .
Ok , see you .
It is hard to guess now . Both of the teams chose the excellent players this time . I guess the game will end in a tie . They are equally matched .
Which side are you on ?
Wow ! AC wins . It is a close shave , you know .
What a good goal !
Yeah , so what do you think about the teachers ?
I think so too . I don't like him either . Well , who do you like best ?
Me , too . She speaks very clearly and doesn't use very complicated words so that it is easy for us to understand her .
Yeah , I like her way of teaching . She told us not to cram for exams , and to pay more attention to communicating than memorizing .
Actually , our new math teacher is a good person . He just can't find an appropriate way to teach us .
I'm sorry .
You are so thoughtful .
What about the Yellowstone National Park ?
Yes . The scenery is so breathtaking .
There are thousands of hot springs and fountains . The park is known for them .
Yes . The well-known Yellowstone Waterfall is formed when the Yellowstone Lake falls down into the Yellowstone Canyon .
You can take No . 2 bus .
What is that ?
Cool !
What about all these other pieces ?
And these two ? They are husband and wife ?
Nah ! This is boring ! I ’ m gonna go play Killer Zombies on my PlayStation !
Fine , thanks .
Well , Yes . There are something wrong actually . Perhaps you can give me some advice .
Well , Last night when I returned from thetheatre I found I lost my wallet .
Well , some money of course , a vise , all my identity cards and some photos .
Yes , I have already done that and they already look for it . I ’ ll leaving soon and I need my vise and identity cards badly .
Yes , quite sure .
But that takes too long .
Yeah it's too bad ... but actually I think I know what to do .
We can go to a horror movie , and I'll hold your hand so you don't get scared .
Of course ! Or are you still too scared !
Thanks , Tim . Nice meeting you , too .
Yeah , I hope so . Well , take it easy .
He's in the hospital resting . The doctor's didn't give a clear answer yet .
I hope so .
Yeah . I think my mom is the most worried . I'm basically worried about how she is doing .
She's in the hospital with my dad . I have to go back tonight .
You don't have to .
Ok . Let's go right after dinner .
Well , black is a better color than pink . Pink ’ s for girls .
Because ... oh , all right . You win . Let ’ s pay for them and go .
Uh-oh . It'll probably cost a lot to fix it .
Well , my sister is a lawyer .
Yes , she does . But she's working in Washington , D . C . , right now . Her job is top secret .
He's a painter . He's working in Argentina this month . He has an exhibition there .
I'm out of work at the moment .
I was fired last week .
It doesn't matter .
After the tour I'll have a rest . And then go to find a new job .
Thank you .
I have a severe headache now .
Would you like to go with me ? I ’ m afraid of the hospital .
You're kidding !
I know he really deserves this .
Oh I fell over on the way to work .
Yes and I broke my phone too so I couldn ’ t call you .
It was ! But the worst thing was I tore my best shirt .
OK . Shall we go to a bar ?
Why ?
Don't you think it ’ s too noisy here ? The rock music ! I can hardly bear it .
Well , I'll try . Then what would you like to drink ? It's on me .
What happened with that guy at the cafe ?
But you ’ re crazy about him .
Why don ’ t you run off with him ? What are you waiting for ?
Really ?
Oh , let me guess . Through the internet ?
Hmm . ' You ’ Ve got mail . '
Thanks.Miss Zhang .
Really ? I've already opened this one.Say , this is sweet , and it's just what I need to go with my new suit.Thank you ever so much .
Sure , do you think you could live out here ? You know , back to nature at all ?
That ’ s what I was thinking . I mean can you imagine Friday night instead of going out with your friends you ’ d have to stay in your tree house and talk to birds and squirrels .
And where would you get a cup of cappuccino ?
Maybe . But I ‘ d rather be spoiled than turn into a crazy guy with a long period to talk to the birds .
Come on , Brenda ! Never say die .
Oh yes , I ’ Ve been to Britain many times . I go there on business .
Usually , I go to London twice a year but sometimes I go three or four times a year .
I ’ m afraid I never go for a holiday . It ’ s always business .
Have you found a suitable job ?
But as to me finding a good job is the most important thing .
OK . When ?
10 in the morning ?
Sorry , that's too late . I usually go to bed around 10:00 PM .
No , that's too early . I'll still be at work then .
That's fine .
Alright . Bye .
Yes I have . I ’ Ve been there three times in the past year .
No I haven ’ t . I haven ’ t visited the Bund either . I ’ Ve always had too much work to do .
Actually , I ’ Ve eaten soup dumplings in a lovely restaurant on Nanjing Lu . They were delicious !
Oh , yes . I really like it here .
Sure . I'd love to .
Yes . I've already been to several clubs here .
Uh , actually , I've gone twice this week .
Well , I haven't been to the theater in a long time .
Great ! Let's make a reservation .
I love just about anything by Prince .
well , I like all kinds of music , but he is one of my favorites . How about you ?
do you have a favorite band ?
do you often go to concerts ?
I love going to live gigs . Are there any good local bands playing around here that you'd recommend ?
I'd love to , but I have a night class on Thursdays .
let me know if you hear about any good bands playing on the weekends . I have more free time then .
sure , what's on ?
that sounds dreadful !
What do you mean ?
What style do you want ?
Exactly how short do you want it ?
Are you sure you want me to cut it that short ?
Okay . I'll do it if you're positive that this is what you want .
All right , then let's begin .
The agriculture in New Zealand is highly mechanized . The industry mainly focuses on the manufacture of agriculture and stockbreeding products .
If you need any further information , please don't hesitate to ask me .
Pretty good . I ’ Ve just had my new poems published .
Thank you .
He is fine .
Yes . He ’ s already got the passport and visa .
Thank you . He ’ s very lucky indeed .
About 3 years , so I came here 2000 .
Providence , Rhode Island . do you know it ?
Well , not so far from New York . So what about you ? Did you grow up here ?
Look at me . I look so old ! I look as if I were thirty .
Yes , I am , but I think it ’ s time for some plastic surgery I ’ m tired of these wrinkles and sagging skin . See ?
Whatever , I think I ’ m gonna get liposuction and a nose job and some breast implants as well .
I thought you were my friend and would support me on this ! I just want to feel better about myself and feel more attractive .
Really ?
I'm sorry , my watch has stopped .
Let's ask someone else .
Why not fifty or one-hundred dollars ?
I don't know . You have to be smart , but you have to be lucky too.Some games are all luck . With some , you need to be smart .
I knew you would say that ! Then you should play the slot machines .
So what do you want to play then ?
Huh ? You are breaking our rule already ! And we didn't even start to play yet !
Yes , and if I stay with you , we will have to walk back home to New York.Because we will lose all our money and our plane tickets too !
You're kidding !
Goofed off ? Maybe , but I'm not a clock-watcher . I finished doing what I should do and then knock off an hour earlier .
I'm sure of what I'm doing .
Yes . You've done a good job . But there's one thing . You should narrow down your topic .
Well done !
Yeah , I know , but it's too hard to do .
Only sometimes when I think about it , I feel very sad .
I don't think I share your view there.The writer is writing about history , society , human nature and so on.It ' s too hard to understand .
Are you kidding ? I ’ m terrible ! But I love to watch sports . I go to football or baseball games a lot . And I read sports magazines every week .
Do you like sports , Janice ?
Oh , I see . You know , we spend time doing different sports . How much time do you spend exercising ?
That ’ s great ! I ’ Ve heard people say that before .
Oh , I ’ m too lazy to play sports , and I ’ m not good at anything either . It hardly excites me .
I see . But Jane . He ’ s not worth your sorrow and you should restart your new life .
The early bird catches the worm .
I would like to use the copy machine .
Do I have to pay to use the machine ?
How much ?
Am I limited to a certain number of copies ?
Could you show me how to use the copier ?
That ’ s fabulous . Thank you .
What a surprise ! This is the best present I've ever received .
I love you , too .
Actually , I prefer to eat at home , and then we'll have more time to have a chat .
Her acting is OK .
I'm afraid I know less than you do.Tell me more about her , will you ?
It's hot .
Let's just hope it doesn't get hotter .
Yes , it's beautiful weather we're having .
Yes , the sun shines day after day . It's neither too hot nor too cold .
I hope it will stay fine tomorrow . I'm going to have a picnic with my family .
Yes , I do . But my characters are very bad .
Are you Chinese ?
How do you like it ?
I want to study Mandarin and international relations .
They teach regular characters .
You just said your English needs work , yes ?
Well , I am very serious about learning Chinese.But for me the hard part now is pronunciation.You have the four tones in Chinese . It is very hard . Maybe , if you have time , maybe we could do a language exchange .
Yes , why not ? I mean , if you come to this cafe often , maybe we could meet here and practice Chinese and English .
Let's see ... My schedule right now is quite busy.But I think I could spend 90 minutes a week in language exchange .
First , we could spend 45 minutes working on your English writing.If you want , I could help you edit your papers.Or we could do English conversation . Whatever you want.And then the next 45 minutes you would help me with my Chinese .
No . For me right now , the important thing is spoken Chinese . I need practice . So you could tutor me in speaking.We could use my textbook , and you could ask me questions.Then you could correct my mistakes .
Well , today is Monday.Actually , for me Monday at this time would be the best . I am free from now until 11
So if you want to meet at 10
And I will bring my textbook and a tape recorder . I would like to record some things so I can practice on my own .
Sure . I'll give you mine too . Then we can call if we have to cancel for some reason .
sure .
well , you are a very hard-worker .
there are trying times for everyone . What do you propose ?
that's quite a bit . If I give you a raise , I'm going to have to give everyone a raise .
that sounds reasonable . How about this , from now on , you can be responsible for scheduling . That means that if you can't find someone to cover a shift , then you'll have to do it .
of course . It's be against the law if we didn't .
you are welcome . Come in early tomorrow and I'll show you how to do the scheduling .
Oh , it's nothing to speak of .
Thank you . I appreciate the compliment .
Well , of course I can ’ t miss it . Which team are you for ?
Me too . Do you think they are going to get the championship this time ?
We may go abroad , my wife wants to go to Egypt , and I'd like to go there too . We haven't made up our mind yet .
We may travel by sea . It's cheaper .
Really ? How do you get the chance ?
Congratulations . How lucky you are !
I ’ m sure you ’ ll enjoy the trip . China is such a beautiful country .
Have a nice journey , Lily .
Thank you . I couldn ’ t have done it without the help of a strong team .
Well , I hope the client feels the same way !
I think it is easy . I could work in your class with no problem .
Oh , without doubt.When is the next class ?
No problem .
Of course , easy.No sweat .
Are you kidding me ? It's going to be up a piece of cake .
Yeah , what't the bet ?
Thank you .
What a lovely dog ! How did you know I love things like this ?
Maybe you won't believe this , but it was made by my grandmother .
Thank you , Please have a cup of tea .
How about some fish ?
OK.Let me make a wish ... Do you want a big piece of cake ?
It is so very kind of you . I'm so moved by you .
Actually , I prefer if you didn't . Air conditioning makes me sneeze .
Oh , sure . It's very stuffy in here .
This is the result of women ’ s liberation .
I have no idea .
I'm glad I could help .
You didn't have to do that !
Because we are partners in our science lab . Why are you so jealous ?
My aunt Mary just flew in from Cleveland and she laid one right on my right cheek .
Of course I am . I only love you , Amy .
Why do you always accuse me like that ?
Oh , Amy . I am the luckiest guy in the world .
Because I am loved by the most beautiful girl in the world !
Nothing much . I ’ m going to the cinema on Friday night but that ’ s all I have planned .
That ’ s right .
Oh , that would be lovely . Shall we say seven o ’ clock ?
Hey , that was quite the presentation ! Honestly , I was completely blown away by your strategy outline . I've gotta say , Alex , you really wowed me today .
No , I think you deserve some recognition here ; I mean , if I look back on your previous presentations , this is a huge improvement .
And I saw that you took on board my feedback about pricing strategies . I really appreciate you taking the time to think though my suggestions .
Well , I just wanted to say well done . Really you did a great job .
What ?
Jay Chou's title song in his new album .
Gorgeous ! There is another song combining Chinese and western music styles . I am crazy for it , so I hear it over and again . And I plan to make it as the ringbone of my mobile .
I suppose this song can be the No . 1 on the top chart .
Yeah . Look , other kids are coming this way .
That's because regular buses don't stop here .
Nothing . It's free .
Let's go sit in the back . All the cool kids do .
He has lost his job , and his wife died from cancer not long before .
We all know that . Her husband always make a fuss of her .
No .
A little , but not very well .
2 months .
I'm a student . How about you ?
Do you have the receipt with you ?
Thank you . Do you want your money back ?
I am afraid this is the biggest size we have .
Maybe you would like to try this one with the willow pattern . The price is the same and it's bigger .
That movie's just a lot of noise , same as Simon .
I had to go by myself , he couldn't make it .
Kitty's ? He sure gets around , doesn't he ?
His excuse was familiar . He said his car died again .
I know . Last week he gave me a lie about being too busy .
Well , I think it's the time to pull the plug .
Thanks anyway , but I'll do it , Rebecca . Let's get the class .
Yeah , it ’ s been ages ! So how have you been ?
Just as usual , you know .
Well , Thanksgiving is family event.So on Thanksgiving , family members will get together and enjoy a big Thanksgiving dinner . Kids will have lot of fun .
Yes , we do . It is an exciting moment .
For me ? The football games of course , I love football games .
Just get out of my face , would you ?
Sorry . I'm just that I think I blew the final and now my parents are going to get all bent out of shape . I like totally drew a blank on everything !
Jennifer Davies ? Give me a break ! I can't stand her . She's such a dweeb ! How could she possibly ace it when she keeps cutting class all the time ?
Get out of here !
Oh , gag me ! She's totally gross !
No , it's the Japanese team .
Well , their team work is well worth learning .
Yes . Work starts at eight and I arrive home after six .
I can take a break at lunch time , but it is only 30 minutes .
Yes , I really don't like it .
well , last night I had a big argument with Ann .
now that I look back at it , it wawsn't that big a deal . I shouldn't have lost my temper .
it's just we've been planning to go the beach for a while , and we decided we could both make it this weekend . Then out of nowhere she called me up , said her boyfriend had made plans and that she nee
I know , but I was so upset . I mean , come on ! Does she have to do everything her boyfriend says ?
well , I think I was being a little selfish myself . I know they don't get to see each other very often .
yeah , I'll call her later to patch things up .
Say what you want to say .
I am sorry . But I do not have any money to lend to you .
Well , thank you .
Well , I exercise a lot . I go running at least three times a week . But more than that I enjoy playing sports and so different sports use different muscles and all of it helps to lose that weight that you might have gained .
Do ya ?
It could be and so in that case you might want to eat something perhaps more nutritious or maybe even less of what you do eat . Maybe , I eat three meals a day and I try not to snack in between . No potato chips . No popcorn . No candy bars .
I don't know about that .
Yes . I found a very good job down here .
I am going to miss you , too .
OK . I will write to you as soon as I get there .
The days are getting longer !
Yeah , they can enjoy themselves in the day time and it is not so hot .
That's great !
And this kind of weather is rare for the season either .
So we must seize this chance to go the beach .
He will enjoy himself this weekend .
I saw him last week . It seems he was a bit queer in the head .
What a pity !
I have to run to the grocery store .
Yes , but I am out of food and milk .
The small one , just down the street . I like their generic brand .
I hear they have very nice stuff .
Well , you should try my store . The prices are good .
Me too .
Okay , I'll give you a ring next week .
That's a relief for me and a misery for the children .
It's too late .
My parents called . As usual , they reminded me again that I should have a plan to marry by my late 20s.Easier set than done . Who should I marry ? I have no time to go on a date .
I will find one myself , of course . I ’ m a modern girl .
You mean dozens of the opposite sex meet each other for three minutes in a dimly bar serving alcohol , I hate that idea .
I don ’ t think it makes sense . Three minutes is such a short time .
Anyway , I don ’ t want to post my face up for sale on the internet like that .
Of course , for these sites , you have to pay a membership fee . But all in all , it is more serious and professional . The chance of meeting a good and serious person who does not play games is higher .
Hi , darling , I am thinking it is the time of your calling .
Quite good except thinking of you so much .
It's called love is blind , I think .
Yes , I did . It is a horrible movie .
Actually , more and more people have realized that violence on TV may lead to the increase of crime rates among teenagers .
But anyhow there are many worthwhile programs .
It makes me sick .
Yes , how should I set up my new computer ?
Great , thanks a lot .
Good morning , Miss Bell !
Nice to see you too.It ' s been a long time .
Just fine , and you ?
Did you drive yourself to the airport ?
Did someone meet you at the airport here ?
Is this where we'll be holding the meeting ?
Rocky six is suppose to come out this Friday .
The only reason I want to see it is because I have seen the previous five .
How about we hook up for lunch at 12:00 , and then go see the movie afterwards .
Nothing special , just working . Why do you ask ?
I'd like to , but I'm not sure if I can . Work has been really busy lately . Why don't we go on Friday instead ?
OK , then let's try to go this weekend . I should know if I can go by Friday . Is it OK if I call you then ?
What's your number ?
OK , I'll talk to you soon .
Fill in the slip , then take it to the circulation desk . They will get you what you want .
Sorry , the stacks are closed to undergraduate students .
Jason , you have no taste . You think First Blood is a good movie .
I'm sorry , but it's a bad movie . The plot is stupid , and the script is poorly written .
No , I don't like action movies because I'm cultured !
Are you serious ?
But why ? Did I do anything wrong ?
Hey , come on . It's too early to say that . We can fix things .
But I still love you .
I knew this would happen some day ...
Well . It's not all my fault , Anna ...
Have you made the decision yet ?
Then shall we keep pure friendship ?
Sorry , I'm afraid that I've got plans tonight .
I'm going to my parents ' house for my father's birthday .
It's his 50th birthday .
Sure thing . What are your plans for the evening ?
Well , if you can wait until tomorrow night , I'll go with you then .
Sounds like this weekend just isn't going to work out for us .
Sure.Hey , I'm sorry , but I've got to get going .
Say hello to your friends for me .
Bye !
Of course , just fill out this form and let me know when you are finished .
I will also need your driver's license ; hand me the filled-out form , please .
Perfect ! Do you know the hours and rules for the library ?
Everything you need to know is printed on the card and handout .
Great ! You are all set to enjoy the library .
He asked me to beef up in the work .
Nothing , thanks . I am just not in the mood these days .
I'm just watching some television .
Me too . Do you think we are boring people ?
That's right . What do you think we should do as a hobby ?
I like to play the piano for fun .
Hobbies are great . I'm going to make a list of all the things I like to do .
You !
You told Martha that I was on a date ? What was that all about ?
She started feeling suspicious after you said that .
Martha gets jealous easily and it took a while to convince her that Sara was just a friend . Now , I have to explain to Sara that I can't hang around her because of you .
Don't bother .
I don ’ t really mind .
I suppose I could .
All right . If you really want to .
It's nice of you to see my off at the airport . Thank you very much .
Sure . You've given a great help to me in the past days .
Certainly . I'll be glad to .
Yes , we should go . Thank you very much . Goodbye !
Why ?
With snow in Kunming ? That's crazy !
Are you driving a motorcycle or an automobile ?
Fine . You can either park in the student lot or on the street . Do you know what a handicapped space is ?
Well , when you see the blue spots with the handicapped logo , do not park there unless you have a special permit . Are you going to be parking in the daytime or the evening ?
Then you also need to be aware of the time limits on the street signs . Have you seen those signs ?
The signs always tell you how long you can park there and on what days . Do you know how to read the curb colors ?
Well , just as long as you realize that red means no parking and white means loading and unloading , I think you know what you need to know .
For more than five years .
It's no picnic .
What are those ?
Is there anything that is smaller than electrons and protons ?
I really don't want to know about this . Physics gives me a headache .
Oh , a bouquet of flowers . It's very kind of you .
I love flowers , you know . Thank you very much .
Supervisor . Open the door .
What are you doing here ?
Your neighbors complained that you were so noisy that they can't sleep .
Please turn down the TV . And not another shout or I'll have to report you to the school administration .
I like girls who like to have fun , and aren't too serious .
That's true . Having a very serious boyfriend or girlfriend can be boring .
I think so .
Well . Let ’ s go swimming .
Then why don ’ t we go for a walk in the hills . It ’ d be very good for us you know .
My car won ’ t start ! Stupid old car !
Fine .
Yeah ! I am here with my friend and he thinks it may be the spark plug or the starter motor .
Yeah , it sounds like it usually does when I start the car , but nothing else happens . The engine won ’ t start . Should I maybe press the accelerator ?
So what do you think it is ?
Umm . yeah ! Right ! I got the car started ! Thanks for your help ! I told you to fill the tank !
You can't be serious .
Yes , I ‘ m just reading them myself . It ’ s been a great competition . We got gold medals in three events .
We won the men ’ s high jump and the women ’ s 1500 meters .
The woman who won the 1500 meters also broke the world record by 2 seconds .
A Russian man broke the discus record by a centimeters . Out best athlete broke his personal best in the long jump , but it only got him third place .
Was he disqualified ?
Thanks , Jim . I didn ’ t think guys paid attention to stuff like that .
Well , thanks for the compliment anyway !
Sure , what's up ?
Good question . I have to think about it .
France ? Is he crazy ?
Well , how can I put this ? France is a terrible team .
My house was robbed last night and the thieves stole all my furniture .
Yes , I have . But I have to wait .
Oh , not too bad , but I've got to stay in bed .
Ok , I will . You have said that many times .
No , there ’ s no need . Thank you all the same .
yes , I graduated with a BA in English from Qingdao University .
just a few years ago . What about you ?
are you planning on going to university ?
have you applied anywhere yet ?
congratulations ! Which one is the cheapest ?
which one has the most interesting course ?
where would you like to be located ?
have you applied for grants or financial aid of some sort ?
I think you should do that soon . It will help you make a decision about the school you go to .
good luck !
Yes , certainly.How can I help you ?
Sorry , I don ’ t know . I ’ m a passengers ’ m waiting for my train ..
Certainly not.Here it is .
Yes.That would be good .
What's the matter ?
You shouldn't have used the machine.Did you lose your money ?
You ought to complain.These machine are always out of order .
I can't deny that . She is so beautiful that I fell in love with her at the first sight . I wish I knew more about her .
I cannot belive that . It must be cooked up by someone .
I hope that world leaders can get together and agree on a plan of action , but I doubt it ’ ll happen before it ’ s too late .
Everyone is looking at the issue in the short term , rather than the long term . It ’ s the same with the destruction of the rainforests . Countries and companies just want the wood . They ’ re not thinking a
It also means that people sometimes fight over the farmland that remains . Damaging the environment actually leads to conflict between people .
I think I ’ d like to do that . I could take the things I learn here back to my country when I have finished my studies .
No , I am not eating there anymore . I have ordered my favorite food in the restaurant around the corner . The food served in the cafeteria is not my type . I am a total meat lover . But the cafeteria is doing its best to force me to be a vegetarian . They have been serving the Chinese cabbage and white gorse for three days . Haven ’ t you noticed that ?
Well , then the cafeteria suits you best . But anyway , if you like to have a lunch outside the company , feel free to join me anytime .
That's a secret .
Thank you , but Alice is only a visitor here . I don't know if she'll keep it .
Really ?
oh , hi Lucas , come on in . I'm Barbara . Nice to meet you .
would you like something to drink ? I've got tea and some grape juice .
oh , there is a supermarket not far from here . But there is also a tea house around the corner , where you can get tea and a tea set as well .
you are right about that . It's quiet and very convenient . You can get to the bus and the subway stations within ten minutes'walk . There's a grocery store , a book store , a gym , and many restaurants
well , if you want we can go together sometime . Actually I was thinking of going this afternoon , if you like , you can join me and I can show you the neighborhood along the way .
What happened ? Did your boss say something to offend you at work ?
Don ’ t you think you are overreacting a little ? Calling you by nicknames shouldn ’ t be so bad ...
That ’ s what you get for working in a male-dominated field . I think you ’ ll find that most male bosses in your industry are already conditioned to treat females in this way . You probably won ’ t be able to change him .
Thomas , if I could write with the beauty in her eyes , I was born to look in them and know myself .
Her lips ? The early morning rose would wither on the branch if it could feel envy .
Deeper , softer , none of your twittering larks . I would banish nightingales from her garden before they interrupted her song .
Constantly . Without doubt , and plays the lute . She has a natural ear .
Sorry , I have to work overtime .
My boss promised to pay me double time .
Aren't firecrackers forbidden in the city ?
Fantastic ! The whole city is echoing with crackling sounds !
Quite a lot . The celebration of the New Year has just started . The first day we southerners have sweet rice cakes for breakfast , and people in the North have Jiaozi . Afterward , we will make New Year calls on family relatives , husband's side on the first day and wife's side on the second .
That's for sure . Fruit , cream cakes , medical tonics are often for parents and aged relatives , and cash enclosed in a red envelope for the kids . All this , of course , should be well prepared beforehand .
Not all the same nowadays I must say . Many families , especially those of newly married couples , choose to make an overseas trip to escape the routines . Rose and I had a tour to Singapore , Malaysia , Thailand and Hong Kong last year . We stayed there for two weeks until the last day of the holiday .
Well , for city dwellers , the Spring Festival is a holiday of seven days . While in the country where traditions are still heavily emphasized , the festival lasts ten days .
I don't know why I cannot take a step forward .
Many things are troubling me . I don't know whether I should come and go .
I thought it was in a quiet neighborhood , but it isn't .
One of my neighbors has a dog .
It barks all night long .
Sure , Johnny , how much do you need ? five bucks ?
I don ’ t know about that ; with all the uncertainty in the markets right now , it would be a very unwise decision to invest . I don ’ t know if you ’ re aware son , but there has been a lot of turmoil in the markets recently . There have already been half a million layoffs in the last few months , and we have no idea how the proposed stimulus package will impact the economy . There ’ s just too much instability . I wouldn ’ t feel comfortable investing in this climate .
Come on , son , you ’ re looking at this too naively , the Chinese market has exhibited a great deal of instability , and their currency has been devalued by almost a whole percentage point .
It ’ s harmful not only for yourself but for others .
Stop producing cigarettes .
That ’ s right . But I don ’ t think there are better ways .
Maybe it can take effect .
I like playing computer games , but I'm not really into board games .
the Rubik's cube is so difficult to solve that I think it should be banned !
how did you figure out how to slove the Rubik's cube ?
I had no idea there were a set of instructions . I thought everyone who could solve it were all geniuses !
it's a deal .
yeah . That was a strange party . Can you still do any of those yo-yo tricks ?
I could never figure out how to use my yo-yo .
let's get started with this game then .
And good shot !
What is it ?
Why ?
It's so that I can be put into the right math and English classes , right ?
This is going to take more time than I thought .
Okay . Let ’ s clear the air . What are you getting at ?
I ’ m sorry . But I don ’ t meant to get your goat .
The Godfather and The Godfather II , of course . They were both directed by Francis Ford Coppola .
Only about old movies , really ...
It ’ s a typical of them to do so .
We must keep developing our economy and unite with other developing countries to fight against it .
That ’ s great . What are the prizes ?
To encourage the staff increases .
What about the afternoon ?
I get along pretty well with most of them.It seems there are always a few rotten apples in the bunch , though , Like Margaret . I don't know why management hasn't fired her yet.She ' s a terrible gossip .
It's not only that she gossips , but she also tries to start problems among other employees by spreading rumors and telling lies about her co-workers.She ' s not trustworthy , and in my opinion , I think she's nuts .
I think one of the important things is just to be considerate of your co-workers'feelings and needs.If you are aware of other people and do your part to make a good working environment , you should be able to get along with most of the people you work with .
I'm glad you came . You're welcome anytime .
I will . See you later .
I met him through a computer bulletin board .
It was one I used down at the local coffee house called the San Francisco Net . It's been around since around 1991 .
You ought to . One dollar buys you 15 minutes of computer time . A Chat session links you with cappuccino sippers in other cafes and also to home computers on the network .
That's the whole point . All your inhibitions disappear because you can ’ t see the other person . This network allows you to talk to people whom you normally wouldn ’ t talk to .
You can do that . A private session lets two people talk alone . This techno-chat program lets you talk about anything with everybody , without prejudice because you can ’ t see them .
That's fine with me , but we'll have to get there early . Because after 8 pm , there is always a long line .
It sure is .
Yes , it looks interesting .
It must be old .
Let's enter it !
It must be locked .
She can't answer you .
It must be a haunted house . Are you frightened ?
Thanks.You too !
Well , my family's away and I can't afford to do much.What about you ?
I major in Chemistry .
Organic Chemistry is my specialty .
I have no idea .
It isn't a good time because there must be many tourists in the scenic spots . What about your plans ?
No . I caught a cold two days ago . I only finish reading half of it .
I'm feeling better today .
About more three days , I think .
No problem .
Are you all right ?
Hum , me too . This winter holiday was especially long . What have you done ?
You know , I like traveling . I made good use of this long vacation and enjoyed myself .
Where did you get that idea ?
Well , I ’ m still not sure what you ’ re asking me .
Do you want to know something about the American character ?
No , this will help answer your question . In American society boys and girls are raised together . They ’ re not segregated in their activities ! Boys and girls go out together from an early age .
After being raised together , men and women can be business-like in each other ’ s company . It really doesn ’ t have anything to do with the way a man and woman behave toward each other when they are in love . Does that answer your question ?
I think Americans are pretty romantic when they are in a relationship and a lot of flirting goes on in every office . After you ’ Ve been in America for a while , you will probably see what I mean .
Yes , the weather sure is nice today .
That sounds like a good idea.The sky is clear , the sun is shining and there's a nice cool breeze , so it is not too hot .
Hey , this spot in the shade looks really comfortable .
I don't think so . I say the weather report last night , and it said the weather should be fine all day .
Yes .
No problem . What should I bring ?
150 pounds .
I can't bear eating less .
Yeah . Last semester .
It was Professor Johnson .
He's a terrible instructor and demands a lot , but fortunately , he's an easy grader .
I got an A - . Sounds good , but none of my test scores were that high , so I don't know how I got a decent grade .
Are you enjoying the class so far ?
Yes . Definitely stay in the class . You will get a better grade than your test scores . He does that deliberately to make all the students study a lot .
Only four days .
I know . I can't help thinking about her . She's always on my mind .
Hey , the same to you !
Definitely , it's time to say bye-bye to the last year and to say hello to the new year !
Some resolutions ? That's a wonderful idea , but I have no idea yet . How about you ?
That will be a good one ! Anything else ?
Sounds great !
What do you mean by that ?
You've been always active and versatile . It seems that you are interested in everything .
I have fewer hobbies than yours . That's why I find campus life a bit dull and uninteresting .
That's a good suggestion . It's fine today . Maybe I can take photos on the scenery of the lake at sunset . It must be fantastic .
And I can concentrate on my study after the relaxation over the weekend .
Umm ... I think so . What's up ?
Really ? Are you OK ?
If the injury is workplace related I'm sure it's completely covered .
Sure . Basically we have two insurance policies for employees ... workman's compensation and medical insurance . The company pays the premiums for workman's compensation , and for a significant part of the medical coverage , but you pay part of that premium , too .
Yep . Every country in the world has a different system , but here we buy insurance from a private provider .
That's right . The company pays for all your medical bills and there is also some financial compensation if you have to take days off to see doctors or spend time recuperating .
Try to keep cool . It's not an easy take .
Then you will be in line for a doom .
I ’ m great . Thanks .
I need your help .
I need to find this newspaper article .
I forgot about that section .
Could you do that ?
Thank you for all your help .
You ’ re in America now , my British friend . We just call it football .
The Giants are up by three points because of the field goal they kicked , but the Redskins have the ball and there pretty close to the end zone .
Yeah , he tackled him so hard his helmet came off .
It looks like it , he ’ s getting up .
The Giants ?
Well , here we go again .
The Redskin ’ s quarterback just threw a touchdown pass for seven points . We ’ re losing again .
Sure . I thought people only showed off pictures of their new babies , not new pets !
I see what you mean . He ’ s really cute . How old is he ?
Are you going to take your children along ?
Have a nice holiday !
What kind of movie is it ?
Oh , I've no interest in such films .
I am seven .
Yes , I am seven . I am a big girl now .
Yes , come on , and we will have fun .
Why , this is the most interesting film !
But it's only a film .
What is it ?
What ? Do you mean that you are pregnant ? Is it true ?
Oh , dear , I'm so happy .
Yes , actually . I don't really know anyone , but it's a nice place . Are you having a good time ?
Hello Paul . I'm Jane . So what do you do ?
Really ? Me , too . I work for an accountancy company , T & D . Maybe you've heard of them .
About two years . And you ? Are you based here ?
Not anymore . Now I work nine hours a day , and I get a good sleep almost every night . No more burning the candle at both ends .
And ?
Poor child !
Yes , I am . You must be Tom . Nice to meet you .
Be careful , Tom . Those are pretty heavy .
Not at all . But I've found satisfaction in it !
No , I never do that .
I don't want to mark my table , of course .
I'm sorry . I thought you wouldn't come back so early .
Oh , you've got a good memory .
Could I check out this book ?
I need to get one .
Okay . Let me do that right now .
I ’ m finished . Here you go .
All right .
Now may I check this book out ?
I don't care what the best part is . Whatever you say won't change my mind . I'm not buying anything !
The 1879 Large Dragon ? Are you serious ? How much ?
I'm not sure . I guess I'll just stay at home . Maybe I'll catch up on my reading . What about you ? Any plans ?
Sounds great !
Do you mean it ? I'd love to !
Oh , my dear lady.Take it easy.You should forgive a green hand like him .
I suggest you talk with him and teach him how to deal with the problems .
Maybe you should communicate with him like a friend and not a boss .
Just take them for your good friends and have a talk with them as we do , make sure you don't lose your temper .
I disagree . All you have to do is respect the staff and their opinions .
Yes , of course . I love the picnic party . It ’ s really family fun time .
Right , she is so excited and simply can ’ t wait .
And what ’ s the problem ?
And you want to know what to wear ?
That sounds just right to me . What was wrong with it ?
My guess is you can safely wear last night ’ s outfit to tonight ’ s party .
Happy birthday to you ! I'd really love to come , but I'm not sure right now . I'll try to make it.Thank you for your invitation .
Big time ! A hacker broke into the company's files and got all her personal information . You really think it's completely safe ?
Now we're getting to the truth .
See ? And I bet that's easy to do online . Everybody's anonymous .
Eight altogether .
Six are compulsory , two optional .
I don ’ t know . What do you think ?
What do natives get ?
Do you mean that a native doesn ’ t make any mistakes in grammar ?
I suppose that only a small percentage of college students don ’ t know standard English in American universities .
No , I shouldn ’ t think so . But you must take your passport of course .
Yes , you need the traveler ’ s check but you needn ’ t get any foreign currency . You can have my US Dollars , I don ’ t need them .
You needn ’ t buy one . You can have mine .
Don ’ t be silly , John . I ’ m going with you . It ’ s necessary for me to have a holiday too .
yes , it's my new business phone . Do you like it ?
yes , it's got wireless Internet access .
yes , but I don't really use it that often . Have you ever used it ?
yes , I guess I should try to use it .
of course it does . Doesn't every new phone include a camera these days ?
sure . Here you go .
no , why ?
oh , yeah . Probably . I don't really know how to use this phone yet .
no , it's ok . Check your email first ; I'll check my unbox later .
I'm surprised you know so much about it . Where's your phone ?
how have you been living without a cell phone for a week ? hasn't it been driving you carry being without a phone ?
let's go shopping . You can't depend on public phones in this day and age !
Well , it ’ s hard to say . I coughed a lot in the evening .
You ’ re right . But you know it ’ s so hard to give up the old habit like smoking .
You know I often have to work far into the night . I need smoking to keep me awake .
Thank you for your advice . I ’ ll try it .
There're many things I can do on weekends .
I'm keen on talking short trips to nearby scenic spots . More often than not , I go with some of my friends . By the way , what are your favorites ?
That's great ! I think they do you a lot of good . Where do you swim ?
I'm fond of dancing .
He spoke evil behind his back .
Someone told Joe off .
Sure . He ’ ll get the bag , I think .
There's no need to apologize .
Forget it . It was an accident .
I ’ Ve just parted with my boyfriend .
But I cannot forget him .
We offer many different sea water treatments .
The aquamedic pool is included . You can choose three .
OK . Here are your robes . You can go shower first .
I wouldn ’ t miss it for the world ! It ’ s sure to be fun . She ’ s invited a lot of people . Do you think everyone will be able to get into her house ?
Are you taking anything ?
That ’ s a good idea . She told me that she had bought plenty of food and snacks . I think it ’ s going to be a noisy party . I hope her neighbours don ’ t mind too much .
I ’ m ready looking forward to it . This party is going to be a blast !
That ’ s understandable . Every kid likes new clothes .
Yes , Would you like to have the seats in the front or at the back ?
I learned to drive and I got a driving license .
Travel .
No , not very much . He ’ s too ambitious and dishonest .
Yes . They are completely different . Paul is very sociable and much more honest than his brother .
I think I ’ m polite , careful , relaxed and shy .
Well , yes , but those people always start talking to me . I never talk to them first . Perhaps I ’ m not as shy as I think . Anyway , you ’ re certainly not shy !
So , you ’ ll be at my birthday party on Friday ?
Hello , I ’ m Mark . I ’ m just wondering if you are free this weekend .
Good . I was thinking that I ’ d like to invite you to watch a movie . I can meet you at the cinema gate .
Six thirty , tonight .
All right.Maybe next time I can go with you.Bye !
It's a boy .
Well , there are several things . Of course , you must do everything you can to keep costs down and revenues high .
No . if you do that , the workers won ’ t like their jobs . They will be less efficient and you will get a high staff turnover . Those things will increase you costs .
You need to invest in some good advertising . You have to know where your potential customers are and target them . It ’ s no good trying to sell computer games to older people . The market is too small .
Find out what other companies charge for the same products or services . Price yourself near the low end . Don ’ t be much cheaper than everyone else , because many customers distrust very cheap things . They think that is must be poor quality if it ’ s that cheap .
Yes , it's great for cleaning up spills .
I hear that his father died .
He is out of luck .
And we ’ re on the brink of soccer history today , as Ecuador and Brazil are tied one-one as we begin the second half of the 2022 World Cup !
That will be a throw in for Brazil . Adriano has the ball and makes a long pass to Robin , and the ref has called him offside .
Delgado takes the corner . We have a foul ! Oh no , Did , the goalkeeper , has fouled the Ecuadorian player ! He gets a yellow card and that will be a penalty kick !
Hello , there , my name is Tonia .
Actually , I can do both soprano and alto but the director asked me to sing alto for the next perforate . What about you .
Our bass section is really good . You're going to love singing with them .
It's good to have you in the group . We can always use a good baritone !
Thank you !
Yeah . I'm lucky to be his wife .
So he will make a perfect husband . Make sure you will be here next Monday .
They sure are . They are practically jumping in the boat .
We're catching most of our fish with lures .
What kind of live bait are you using ? Worms or minnows ?
Are you having any luck with the worms ?
That's too bad . Why don't you try using lures instead ?
That's too bad . Well , where are you fishing ?
We went out in our boat . I have a favorite fishing hole out there .
Oh no , I can't tell you . It's a secret . Say , why don't you go over by the lily pads and try fishing there ?
Sure , I used to catch my legal limit of bass there all the time .
Good luck . I hope you each some fish .
No , I haven ’ t . This is the first time I have been to China .
To be honest , I have never been to an Asian country before but I have visited many countries in Europe .
Actually , I haven ’ t been to the states but I have been to Canada .
I like all kinds of stuff . I admit I love romance .
You mean my favorite movie of all time ? I guess I ’ d have to say “ pretty woman ” .
Well , it's Thursday today .
The 5th .
Of course I won't chill out . Opportunity knocks only once .
You're right . I will have a talk to her about that .
No problem , but you've got to be careful .
Here's the key then .
What's going on ?
So what happened ?
So what does that have to do with this position ?
All under the precept of keeping the funding ? That stinks .
No , not so soon . Couldn ’ t I persuade you to stay a couple of days more ?
I hope this won ’ t be our last meeting .
I will miss you .
It's a pity that I'm too busy to see you off tomorrow .
Take care of yourself and remember to keep in touch .
Goodbye and have a good flight .
It ’ s an article about language . It talks about the idea of having a single global language .
Actually , it suggest English . The main argument is that English is already being studied as a second language in most countries-china , India , mexico , Nigeria , Pakistan , and japan – so beginning again
The article points out that many languages have been lost and will be lost , but others will continue to be used for generation , even if English continues to be the dominant language .
Hi , Shelley . Have you had lunch ?
So shall we have lunch together ? I ’ d like to take you this time .
How come ?
All right . Can we make it another time ?
I ’ ll call you later . Bye .
What ? That would be to cut off your nose to spite your face .
Call the police .
You are so kind . Thank you very much .
Personally , I'm not for it . I feel it's bad for kids to watch .
If you ask me , I have to disagree . Something shouldn't be watched for fun .
I like the old styles of dance . Such as fox-trot , waltz , rumba , tango and so on . They're all graceful .
Why not ? Do you think I should like modern dance ?
Oh , sorry . I don't like them . Why not ask Lily . She likes modern dance .
Sure . What do you want to find ?
Well , can you be more specific ? There are a lot of websites about that .
Ok . Well , go to www.google.com , and type in Normandy Landing .
Here , try this one . It's a good site about Normandy Landing .
For detailed information , however , you should read a history book .
I'm on your side . It needs to be done over .
Yes , there aren't any clouds in the sky and we've got such a beautiful view here . Look ! This is St James Park . And there's Buckingham Palace
It's on the other side of the Palace .
Yes , you're right . Politicians of all kinds , religious people , and one or two madmen .
Sure . I can see you're enjoying your trip today .
Awesome , we went to Australia and New Zealand .
Well , we went bungee jumping when we were in Australia .
A little , but the rush was worth it .
We jumped off a bridge and fell 500 feet before the bungee cord caught us .
Yeah , it was scary , but exhilarating .
It ’ s pretty good .
I ’ m afraid you ’ re being too particular about your food .
We ’ re in the same boat ! I ’ Ve eaten fast food the whole week . I hate it now .
Let ’ s dine out tonight for a change !
I'm not sure I can't agree , dan .
Surely , there are other ways to save money .
Why should I go against her ? She always seems to have better ideas .
Get the goods on her ? She never allows me to go to her office . And she is a good woman . She has been faithful all these years .
When do you leave ?
Take care of yourself and don't forget to keep in touch .
Sure.Which one ?
Where do you want to sit ?
Are these seats all right ? They're in the second rows .
Sorry.We ' Ve nothing further back .
Thirty yuan .
Sure , thanks . I brought you a bottle of wine as well .
Should I take my shoes off ?
This is a very nice place . How long have you been living here now ?
Sure , what do you have ?
I'll have a glass of red wine please .
So how many people are coming for the dinner tonight ?
Oh , I thought there were going to be eight . who isn't coming ?
That's too bad.They ' re such good company .
Yes , it's so cold .
Yes , I think so . The rainy season will be over soon .
About two months .
I'm used to this kind of days .
Spring will come soon . And we will have some pleasant weather then .
Oh , I'd love to . But we're going to clean our dormitory . I can't be absent .
In fact , our dormitory is much worse than they can be described .
You'll get used to it gradually .
Yes , we do . That's why we have a cleaning every three months .
A month . Don't forget to return them by the due date .
Bring them back to the circulation desk and renew them .
Sure .
Yes and no . I can ' t wait to go to Europe , but at the same time I am terrified .
Well , I have acrophobia . I have a chronic fear of flying .
You ' re scared of spiders ? I actually have two more phobias . Acrophobia and glossophobia .
Are you kidding ? When I get on stage , my palms start to sweat , I get really nervous and I can hardly speak .
We are such weirdos right ?
Hi , Ross . Glad to see you , too .
A party ? Yes . I'd love to . Thank you for inviting me . Will Monica come ?
That's great ! What time will it start at ?
OK . I'll come . See you then .
I didn't realize you felt so strongly about it .
I'm sorry . I'll ask next time .
Oh , that sounds great !
Yes , that would be perfect .
Yes . Thank you for inviting me .
I haven't finished it . It is very difficult .
Oh , I know . I will try my best .
I'd like to . But I'm not myself today .
It's the end of the world for me .
Today , I'm told I failed three courses .
I'm such a fool that duplication of effort is only a waste of time to me .
I hope so .
Really ? Why ? What happened ?
Oh , no .
So what did you do ?
You what ?
Wow , good for you .
Oh , no !
You really have bad luck , don't you ?
Sure .
Yes , not bad . Like turn your cell phone ringer off and find a private place to make calls which it ’ s showing your respect to your co-workers .
Well , this one is not compulsory . It is just suggestion .
On that day , people play all kinds of tricks on others , and the one easily taken in is called April fool .
April the first is coming.Be careful !
What's the problem ?
That's OK . But you'd better take an additional course in some English schools .
This kind of school is good at helping people to improve their English .
Yes , before you start your training , they will test you on your English first .
I've seen her on TV but not in the flesh .
That's Susan .
She's a lawyer .
No , but she speaks English fluently .
Yes , I know her . We're friends .
Which man ?
Oh , that's Matt .
Yeah .
I don't know him , but I think my sister does .
Yes , he's married .
So glad that you think so !
Oh , really ? Thanks a lot ... well , I still have a lot to learn , I guess .
I'll have to think about it .
I'm sorry I'm late . I overslept . Is the manager here today ?
Oh , I hope he didn't notice me .
You said it . It won't happen again . Do you really think he'd fire me ?
You are probably right . I'll go right now and apologize . I try hard not to be late but it is difficult with Beijing traffic .
There ’ s a possibility .
I mean if you don ’ t sell your shares now , it ’ s quite likely that you ’ ll end up losing your shirt .
Absolutely . Take my word for it .
What should we take ?
Good idea !
Well ... this one costs more , but it has a much better sound.This part of it is made of wood , not plastic . And there's a tone control , too .
Hmm ... well , the other one is good for the money . It's much cheaper . We sell clot of them and all our customers are satisfied with them .
Certainly .
Yes , thanks . Did you ?
I went to Tamshui . You ?
I ’ m a doctor .
Yes , I do . It ’ s very interesting . What ’ s your job ?
Oh , do you enjoy it ?
How about going to the theatre ?
Well , what do you like doing ?
I like painting , sailing , watching football and talking to you .
Do you want to go to an exhibition ? There is one at the Xinghai Exhibition Hall tomorrow .
Sure ! What ' s playing ?
Twilight ? As in the vampire movies ? No way , I am watching that , but I don ' t understand why everyone is so excited about these films about vampires . It doesn ' t make sense .
I don ' t buy into that . I think it ' s just a fad . Pretty soon this will pass and everyone will be into wear-wolves or zombies !
I think I'm polite , careful , relaxed and shy .
Well . Yes , but those people always start talking to me . I never talk to them first . Perhaps I'm not as shy as I think . Anyway , you're certainly not shy !
So , you'll be at my birthday party on Friday ?
You can never do that .
There's been bad blood between them since Bobbie took away John's girlfriend .
I had meetings back to back all morning . And phone rang off the hook from the minute I walked into the office .
I can ’ t believe it . I guess I ’ ll be here until 10 again tonight .
Yes , it is.It was taken just before I was leaving for college .
How time flies ! I'll not see twenty again .
Yes , I can , but not very well .
At school . And I'm still learning it now .
About three years .
I'm afraid not .
I won't ever forget it ! I was sitting in the cafeteria all by myself ...
Oh , it seems like it was just yesterday .
Do you have any sunscreen lotion ?
I think I'm getting a heart stroke .
Why ? It's brand new , and it's perfect on you .
Beauty costs , honey .
Walking under the sun is certainly not the way .
Right . Sorry . Anyway , the radio said that it'll rain later today .
Not a great deal .
For accounting system and things like that , you mean ?
Yes ?
Of course , his machine must have been connected to a computer .
Would you like me to go with you ?
Do you want to type that letter ?
Do you want to tell her ?
I like spring .
Oh , everything comes back to life in spring and the weather gets warmer .
Poor fellow ! What's the date today , buddy ?
You forgot all about it , didn't you ?
How long will you be there ?
So you'll have a tour of the famous city .
Did it spill on your clothes ?
That's OK .
It's no big deal .
Don't be silly , forget about it .
Yes , I am . My wife and I understand each other .
I don't know . But they say that Mrs . Smith wears the pants in the house .
That's right . She is pretty , but she wants to control everything in his life .
Yes . In fact there are quite a large number of people who have no food to eat and no place to live in .
Look , Elaine Robinson and I do not get along .
That has nothing to do with it ...
I do .
Hi honey ! What ’ s wrong ? Why do you have that look on your face ?
No ! I said I was going to cut down which is very different . You can ’ t just expect me to go cold turkey overnight !
I know , I know . I am really trying , but I don ’ t have the willpower to just quit . I can ’ t fight with the urge to reach for my pack of smokes in the morning with coffee or after lunch ! Please understand ?
Sure , what's going on ?
Let me see ... The weekend after next looks pretty good.Otherwise , I'm all booked up .
Really ?
I will . Thanks for telling me .
I didn't pass the English exam . How to learn English well ? Can you give me some suggestions ?
I have done a lot of reading comprehension exercises , and I also spend much time in memorizing English words .
Really ? I'll have a try . Maybe I will get high marks next time .
Ms . Lee , could you tell me what number 7 is again ? I didn't catch you .
No , thank you .
Watch his bread , it seems to be delicious . He had a lot on the ball .
Have you tried university part-time jobs ?
I mean in the library , or in some information center.Often the university hires foreign students for part-time positions .
Well , since you're a foreign student , it's hard.That ' s because it's actually illegal for you to work in America .
Anyway , there must be some solution.You know there are many people working illegally in New York .
I have an idea .
Since you're Chinese , maybe you can find part-time work in Chinatown .
Well , why don't you go and look down there ?
It may be part-time work as a waitress or something.It would be illegal , but sometimes waitresses make a good salary .
I will ask my friends for you.Maybe someone knows a company that needs part-time people.That ' s another thing you should do . Ask all your friends to ask around for you.You might find something .
Sure . Speaking of photos , what type of film will be the best ? You know , I'm planning a tour to Jiuzhaigou Valley .
Thank you so much . You're an expert .
I could meet with you tomorrow anywhere from two until four ; what time works out best ?
I am glad that that works out ; can you find my office ?
Just follow the walkway to the outside and climb the stairs to the third floor .
If you do get lost , just ask someone in the building to point the way .
If you need to cancel your appointment , please give me a call !
At five .
Yes , they do .
Yes , I do .
Yes , they do .
O levels and A levels .
Three or four years .
Ugh , I feel terrible . I went out last night with Trevor , and things got a little out of hand .
We hit a couple of local bars , and met up with some friends . Everything was cool until Mike came along , and it turned out that it was his birthday yesterday !
Tell me about it ! We drank everything in the bar !
Yeah . I woke up this morning feeling really nauseous . I threw up like five times .
I was so dehydrated that I drank like a gallon of water , and my head has been pounding all day . I swear , I ’ m never gonna drink again !
Oh , yeah . I ’ m there !
I've been really stressed . It's the end of the year and I've got so much stuff to do ! I feel like I'm drowning in work .
It's seriously affecting my life ! I can't sleep , I don't have much of an appetite and my husband says I've been kind of short tempered . Other people seem to handle stress okay ... why am I so weak ?
Yeah , but I don't see any tigers or leopards roaming around our office . My stress is just about silly paperwork !
So a deadline will cause that same reaction ?
So the life of a cave woman was less stressful than my life ?
Not much . Last night I met this great guy at the bar and we had such a wonderful time that we decided to meet again tonight .
Well , I ddin't think so at first . But as we started talking , I found him extremely funny and witty . I couldn't stop laughing at his jokes ! We have so much in common . We like the same teams , music , and most amazingly , we both love Chinese food ! I have the feeling that we are going to be great friends .
There's nothing definite I think . I don't have a list or anything , but when I first meet somebody , I can usually tell whether or not that person is going to be a good friend . It seems I have a radar helping me spot new friends .
I agree . You can't expect a close relationship with a dishonest person . Those are the people that will turn their back on you when you are in need .
Really ? Can't you stay a little longer ?
Be seeing you then !
I just make eye contact with him and nod my head . Then I tell him when he comes over to the table . Why do you ask ?
That seems a little impolite in such a restaurant .
Well , it was a warm evening , so I stretched my legs . I walked along the canal for a couple of miles . Actually , several other people had the same idea . I saw Bill .
He seemed ok . We didn ’ t stop and chat because we were on opposite banks of the canal . We just waved at each other .
Of course . What do you want to move first ?
What ?
Look , I've already paid for the tickets , so whether you like it or not we're going to finish watching it .
Come on . Give it a chance . The movie just started .
Yes . May I help you ?
I'd be very glad to show you around , but I'm very busy right now . Could you come back about 3 thirty ?
Good . See you later .
Don't tell me you got the dreaded Bush virus . I've heard that that bug is threatening to infect the world .
Those clothes do suit him better .
Probably not . It's off the Internet . What difference does it make ?
Of course , my grandpa is generous and kind.My grandma cooks the most delicious Chinese dishes in the world .
No problem . Would you like some artificial carnations ?
How much did you want to spend ?
Our most elegant flower is Golden Lily .
Do you want to add some baby ’ s breath for that ? They are equally popular now .
Yes , but there is a five dollars delivery charge .
nothing but bench of commercials . These days the amount of commercials is amazing .
okay . Nope , it's a replay of yesterday's soccer match between Brazil and Spain .
alright . Hmm , this movie is a rerun ... I don't know how many times I've seen this show ... Commercial again ... and a replay of the talk show ... oh no , this show is terrible , you don't wanna watch it .
it's a total rip-off of an American reality show , but the imitation is unbearably clumsy .
yeah ... it seems what we have on TV now are either repeats , or commercials , or low-quality shows . There's really nothing to watch .
cool .
What is it ?
Maybe there's something wrong with her .
He must be courageous enough to fly in the face of established authorities .
So are Copernicus and many others .
Today is so hot , besides I had so much housework to do . My friend came for a visit and stayed for two hours . I didn ’ t forget , but I had no time at all .
Yes . I ’ m sorry .
Yes , I ’ m sorry . I know it bothers you very much . But I don ’ t know why Chinese sometimes would do this .
But you know if he brought it or not , right ?
Where are you going ?
You have got a car , haven ’ t you ?
That would be very nice . Only that I ’ ll be a little late . Is that OK ?
So will I . Thank you .
It's certainly a big improvement over yesterday .
Well , the worst of the winter should be over .
Yeah , you remember that assignment I wanted ? When I heard the manager had given it to someone else , I blew my top . So the manager fired me .
The company regulates that men should wear a suit and tie in business meeting . Company policy is not negotiable .
Yeah ! He is a nice guy . He is very helpful and always bends over backward to help those who are in need of help .
Sure .
Yes , but I don ’ t think it was enough . He looked disappointed . I gave him three dollars .
It ’ s the same in Balloon . But I definitely think we over-tipped the cab driver . The fare was twenty dollars , and you gave him a five-dollar tip . That ’ s twenty-five percent of the total ! Too much !
I ’ ll sign for dinner and charge it to our room.Let ’ s see.The bill is one hundred dollars . That seems reasonable . How much tip should I leave ?
Of course ! Where are the things ?
Right ! I'll do it straight away .
He said his grandmother got cancer and has only a few weeks to live . It's really so sad ! But when I talked to him on the phone , it sounded like he was holding up really well .
I asked if there was anything I could do to help his family , and I told him that I could be a shoulder for him to cry on .
No idea . Your guess is as good as mine .
Well , anything is better than nothing . Wait and see .
Sometimes , if there's music playing .
It all depends . If it's rock music I'll do disco , and if it's romantic music I'll do ballet .
I'm clipping coupons .
It's a good way to save money .
How much ? Last week I save $ 10 on food .
Taylor ? Taylor ! Is this a joke ? Is it really you ? But ... but ... everyone said you were dead !
Oh , Taylor ! I'm so ... so happy . But then ... who's that ?
Duh ! I would say yes ! Eric is the most popular kid in school ! Okay , my turn . What would you do if you won the lottery ?
If you buy me a ticket I will go with you for sure !
Alright this is a good one . What would your mom say if you told her you are going to get married ?
Now . you can see why it's called the Lantern Festival .
Did you notice the characters on the lanterns ?
They are puzzles . It's a tradition to solve the puzzles on the lanterns during the Lantern Festival .
Sure . What do you want ?
Really ? Why ?
And the holidays provided you a chance to think over all this and make a decision ?
Absolutely . With your expertise and experience , you're clearly working below your pay grade .
Emm ... yes . But I wasn't too impressed . I found her a little stuck up .
Tom ... you are her boss , you down . Of course , she's helpful to you .
I don't think so actually . She never even says " hello " to me .
The acting of the heroine is too artificial .
I ’ m a sales manager in a publishing company .
Oh , mostly fiction , lots of romance , science fiction , biography , stuff like that .
About two years now .
I'd like to , but I'm not sure if I'll have enough money .
I feel the same way .
It sure is.He has no one to turn to , very miserable indeed .
Well , that's your uncle Bill , his wife and two of their daughters .
No , your uncle Jack is my brother , Bill is my brother-in-law , your mom's brother .
That's right , Sarah and Jane are both your cousins although they are step-sisters .
Sarah is your uncle Bill's older daughter . When she was young , Bill's first wife , Sarah's mom died . Three years later Bill married again .
Yes . She is Sarah's step-mother .
They want to travel to Europe next year , and will visit us at the same Ae .
It's no use arguing the toss .
What ?
Is it ?
A magic love potion ?
It can't be true .
So what am I going to do ?
That sounds like a blue rose ! My sitting by his bed ?
What are you going to do ? Call my boss and chew him out ?
Impossible . My pager is really old . It doesn't display messages .
Gosh , you're right ! It's from some guy named Vic . I wonder who he is ...
What time are you going ?
Well , good-bye and have a good trip !
I came to see my aunt .
Yes . She lives on the next block .
OK .
How about yourself ?
Daniel , I am not tall enough to reach the of the blackboard .
OK , I've finished cleaning the blackboard .
Oh , I forgot about it . I'll get it .
I will be done before they come .
Did you see his last dive .
He's diving for the gold .
Yeah , I just got back this morning .
Well , we were only there for three days , so we didn't do too much . We went shopping and went out to dinner a few times . And at night we walked around the city with some friends .
Yes , I have them with me . Do you want to look at them ?
This one is of my wife and me on the beach , and this one is our daughter Emily standing next to my wife .
I know , they look very similar .
That was taken at the train station before we left .
No , not this time . We went there last time .
Yeah , it was a lot of fun .
Yes , I am . I enjoyed studying it at school , though I had trouble remembering all the dates , so my teacher never gave me good marks .
I wish you had been my history teacher ! I might have got better marks !
What does that mean ? The same events never happen twice , do they ?
I see . I think I ’ d agree with that statement . People often seem to make the same mistakes over and over again .
Yes , beautiful weather we're having .
Yes , the sun shines day after day . It's neither too hot nor too cold .
I hope it will last fine Sorrow . I'm going to have a picnic with my family .
Beg your pardon ?
Oh , Let me see ... It's three forty-five . Er ... wait , My watch is five minutes fast . So it should be three forty
Today is Friday . Are you new in Beijing ?
Welcome to Beijing . This is my business card . I'm an engineer . If you need any help in Beijing , just give me a call .
Go ahead .
It's October the 1st , our National Day . I'd like to talk some more , but I've got to get going now . It was nice talking to you , though .
So did I . At first , I thought it was going to be boring , but then it turned to be good .
Well , the scene of the hero's struggle with enemies impressed me the most .
Actually , tears also came to my eyes .
It deserves it . The film gave us a lot of inspiration .
Really ? That's nice .
I've been completely out of touch with my old friends .
Yes , people just seem to drift apart .
I liked it . I thought it was great .
Yes . I thought it was excellent . Didn't you ?
It's a nice cinema , isn't it ?
Well , it doesn't seem like it.He must have forgotten .
They want to be filthy with dough and think it the only source of their happiness .
We are fishing with worms . The fish seem to like them .
Looks like a lucky day for everyone .
My what ? Oh , that , right as a trivet .
I will , thank you .
Yes . But not too much . It is considered as the head of five sacred mountains in China .
Because in history , the Chinese emperors used to climb onto these mountains and pay tribute to their ancestors and pray for good harvest and prosperity for the whole nation .
Definitely . There are many wall paintings and inscriptions on the huge rocks on the mountain .
That is easy . You can go directly to Tai'an city and buy a ticket to Mount Tai .
What's a homeroom ?
Cindy , I'm scared .
Do we have the same classes today ?
Do you think the school can put us in the same homeroom ?
Yeah , I've been looking forward to it for ages .
They give me a lot of congratulations .
Oh , maybe three years . I will study and get the master degree first . Then I will decide whether I will stay there or come back .
Chicago University . My major is Economics .
Thank you !
This must be his 21st birthday . No doubt about it .
No . Well , in America , 21 is the age when you're allowed to drink . So , many guys celebrate it in bars .
No . If it's your birthday , then you don't need to pay a cent . Just blow out the candles and open the gifts . That makes the birthday a special day . Your friends will take care of everything .
What about in China ? What'd you do to celebrate your birthday ?
yeah , almost . But there is one thing .
I still wonder what privacy meant for Chinese people . I don't mean to say that there's no privacy in China , but ...
some of my Chinese colleagues just share their personal stories in front of others .
yeah . we never do that in a public office .
i have felt that . One day when i was in a queue , reading a newspaper story , the man behind me peered through my shoulder and stared at the newspaper I was holding .
just stare at the newspaper holding in the hands of the one next to him ?
Oh , I'm shocked .
Yes . May I help you ?
I'd be very glad to show you around , but I'm very busy right now.Could you come back about 3,30 ?
Good . See you later .
it's furnished two bedroom flat in a three-story building on campus .
it's not as bad as I thought it would be . The freshmen that live nearby are really loud , especially on the weekends . But , the rent is much cheaper than private housing , so it's worth it .
no , but we do have to pay 9 months rent in 6 months , so for the first months we pay 1/2 month's rent each month .
no , it's all included . Besides , students don't have to pay council tax , so we're saving quite bit of money by living here .
that's the bad thing---the contract ends in June , so we'll have to find a new apartment soon .
not yet . I'm hoping we'll be able to find something cheap once all the students leave the city for the summer .
Yes . I've got to cancel my traveling plan .
The only thing I can do now is waiting for another chance .
Do you really believe in that ? If they are going to focus on something , they should do it on civil rights .
I understand your point , but we continue to have transgressions against human rights . If so much attention weren ’ t devoted to the topic of animals , we would then concentrate more on saving a human being instead of protecting a koala .
Well , you are right on that point . This is the reason that I don ’ t buy leather and I try to buy synthetic products .
What ’ s it for ?
Oh , that ’ s a nice idea . Well , it ’ s fine if you take our picture .
Yeah ... hearts , stars and some weird looking things .
So decode this for me , Madame Psycho .
I'm waiting ...
it's ok . It seems we have a lot in common .
he is tall and slim , fair-haired .
he is a nice guy and very considerate . I was impressed with how smart he was and he has a great sense of humor .
No , I didn't . And you ? Was it good ?
How much was the ticket ?
It leaves in 20 minutes .
Can you pick me up from the airport ?
OK , which car do you want me to put them in ?
Which one is hers ?
What should I take first ?
Don't worry , I won't drop it . Wow , it's really heavy . I don't think I can move it by myself .
Where are you taking all this stuff ?
You're moving now ? I knew you were moving , but I thought you said you were moving next month .
Yes , I did . I passed !
Well , I certainly couldn't have done it without your help . You are the best tutor I've ever had .
You deserve credit , too . I've learned so much from You .
I had to look after my son at home .
He has a fever .
I think so.Thank you .
That's for sure . I feel like I'm melting .
I'm in a good mood today , actually . How about you ?
what's wrong ?
I see ! Do you want to ask her out ?
you can ask her out for drink after work .
then you've got a lot of homework to do . You need to get her notice first .
you can start by meeting her at the bus stop and saying hello to her .
that's something you need to overcome . Men should make the first move as most of girls prefer being chased .
good luck !
Don't mention it.Don ' t forget to take your daughter along next time .
OK . Do you think we can go buy a newspaper first ?
Are we going to walk or drive ?
The weather is good now , but I think it's suppose to rain this afternoon .
No , he's still sleeping .
Yeah , he didn't come home until 12:00 AM .
I hope so too . I'll give him a call when we get there .
It's straight down this road on the left , next to the museum . It takes about 10 minutes .
Thank you for saying so . I don ’ t know , probably because I like sharing my experience and knowledge with them . I think this kind of communication helps to improve our work efficiency and also helps to get along with colleagues .
That is true . Some people will misunderstand your intention and lets you do it in the long threatening way . For example , it is not sensible at all to arguing with the others or correcting someone in front of other people . To show your friendliness and willingness to share is much more important than to show off .
You ’ re welcome .
I'm going to graduate this summer .
I'm planning to return to China after graduation .
well , I think personal development is much more important than simply having a superior living environment .
absolutely , many Chinese enterprises are going global , and they are in great need of excellent returnees to help them with their overseas business .
that's right . Most of the Chinese students pursuing higher education in Australia intend to return to China .
It's nice . But what kind of dress are you looking for ?
Of course . It's common too that we wear something special for our Chinese New Year .
Any other common customs of your New Year ?
What's that ?
By the way , where are you going on New Year's Eve ?
Thanks a lot .
Is that spelt M , A , C or M , C ?
Sounds like a good plan . What do you want to see ?
Ah , my girlfriend wanted to see that movie . I have to take her later so I don't want to watch it ahead of time . How about The Cube ?
How scary can it be ? Come on , it'll be fun .
That's the spirit . I'll see you tomorrow after class .
Do you know what class you want to take ?
I believe there are still two Psychology classes open .
There is one class on Tuesday and Thursday from 2 to 4 .
It's from 10-12 on Monday and Wednesday .
These two are the only ones .
Very good .
Autumn . Autumn is the best season in Beijing .
I want it short .
It will do .
It was great . I had a really good time .
Well , I had English from 9 o'clock to 11 o'clock , art from 12 o'clock to 2 o'clock , and math from 2 o'clock to 4 o'clock .
To be honest , I liked all of them , except for the math teacher . Though he must be quite young , he seem like an old person . He ’ s so boring !
She was great . In today ’ s class , she gave us a lecture on how to be a good student . She told us not to arm for exams , and to pay more attention on communicating than memorizing .
She said that she ’ s from a small town in the middle of America .
Not everything , but nearly . She speaks very clearly and doesn ’ t use very complex words so that it is easy for us to understand her .
Yes ... with flying colors !
It ’ s a new phrase that she taught us today . It means that I will not only pass the class , but I will do extremely well !
I hope so .
not today . She said she wanted us to relax tonight instead of doing homework ,
Oh , no . I forgot to turn the alarm clock on !
Thank you . You save me .
A man is pursuing me . He was my schoolmate in college , and he has been carrying a torch for me for three years .
Yes , I do like him .
You know that I have had a series of miserable relationships . Last summer , I fell in love with John . But the romance blossomed for six or seven weeks , and then wilted .
Maybe you are right .
The same as usual .
How do you know ?
Do they know what the robber looks like ?
What race is he ?
The TV news doesn't tell us the race anymore .
But how can we identify someone if we don't know their race ?
Then they also shouldn't tell us if the robber is male or female , because that is sexist .
Oh , there are so many good ones ! I loved the Spice Girls . They were so cool !
I was really sad too , but at least I can still listen to their Cds .
Janice , I found you stole my vegetables at four o'clock this morning . Is that true ?
It is so hard to prevent them from being stolen . I also got something this morning .
I stole many from Fred's farm , and from yours . I planned to have a dog on farm .
I could not agree with you more . For us , there are so many unhappy things and I am so bored ; however , I got lots of fun from stealing .
But we still need to go back to it . Don't overdo it .
Mm ?
Of course , Jim . Have I met Tom before ?
Oh , yes . I remember Tom . His family comes from Maine , right ?
Never ! He ’ s over 80 , isn ’ t he ?
Good gracious ! Are you sure ?
Is she really ?
Really ? Quite a woman , isn ’ t she ?
I ’ m sorry registration has closed .
Well , that ’ s not possible . The computer ’ s official student account has already been sent to the state . And that ’ s what our budget is based on . Who told you that anyway ?
She must have been a part-time worker . They didn ’ t have much training . Why didn ’ t you register then ?
Huh , that is no reason to demand a birth certificate . We only need to establish residency , you know , a phone bill with your name and address on it would have been fine .
Yes , I am afraid she gave you the wrong information .
Well , I sympathize with your problem , but , to be honest , I don ’ t think there is any thing anyone can do for you . You were trapped in the system.If you want , you can talk to the director . She will help you if she can .
Don ’ t get your hopes up .
Sorry , I thought you knew .
Didn't I ?
Well , I'm telling you now .
I didn't think you'd be interested .
Sorry , I didn't think it mattered .
Give them a buzz ? What can I say to them ? Say that you want a loan ?
And they , too , want to make sure their loan is worthwhile .
To the cinema . What about coming with me ?
What a pity . I believe it's a very good film .
Once a week . Most nights I sit at home and watch telly
No , I'm sorry I don't . I never read the papers till I get home .
I don't know yet . My wife's going to her mother's for a couple of weeks . She Livesay the sea , you know .
Yes , but I want to go to the country .
Yes , very much . But I need peace and quiet when I'm on holiday . What are coughing to do ?
Aren't you going to have a holiday abroad this year ?
You did ? that is great !
No I am free , I will be there , what time the thing starting ?
Ok , great , should I bring anything ?
sure , I will be happy to bring a few , what is the address ?
Got it .
I read everything I can get my hands on but I like love stories best . What do you think about the love stories ?
I don't think so . I like them . Then what's your favorite book ?
Oh , the history books are dull to me .
Many of the slower dances are danced to the lyrics of tragedies . He meant that you turned it into a comedy .
He meant it in a good way . You added a little spice to the performance .
Of course ! That's why I always say , Eat , drink and be Greek !
How can I help you ?
Let me take your temperature with a thermometer .
I think you have a small fever .
You should've called in sick ! Next time , have either of your parents call the school office .
Sure . What do you expect to know ?
And you shouldn't miss the Louvre Museum . You can stay there for at least a whole day .
The night life there . It's so romantic !
I went there in August , and it was hot . But I was told autumn is the best season .
Don't look a gift horse in the mouth ! That was the best they had .
There is nothing good at the moment.Let ' s do something different.Would you like to go to a concert ?
Fine ! Do you want anything to eat now ?
Well , let's go and have something to drink instead . I know a good place . It's a little expensive , but it's fun .
Absolutely not ! I'm not a thief .
My country is well know for being very flat . There are some hills in the southeast of the country .
Pretty much . The land rises and falls only a few meters . The southeast , the hills rise to a height of a few hundred meters . There are mountains over 1000 meters high in your country .
The coast of your country is very varied . The coast of my country is just made up of sandy beaches .
There are many lakes and rivers in your country too . We also have many rivers , but only a few lakes .
Guess what ? He has just got the sack .
Exactly .
Yes , it is .
No , she ’ s average .
They ’ re dark gray .
It ’ s blond .
I don ’ t know .
Really ? I ’ Ve never heard of it !
I think Mary must be sad , because she loves her husband very much .
Really ? Do I look happy all the time ?
Oh , do you know why ? Actually , it ’ s easy . Because I always exercise . My exercise , I think , is very hard . I often feel very good after conquering these difficulties . I feel alive !
Yeah , they are doing it for fun . Seldom would people like my exercise . It ’ s difficult and boring .
But I think Chinese students need to exercise more . Besides exercise will help them learn new things better . Don ’ t students want to have a good memory ?
Well , do what you like to do . It can be anything . Jogging , doing aerobics , going bicycling , and playing ping-pong . Absolutely anything . Doing three or more workouts a week is good for you . But remember to do some stretches first .
Because it was her husband who beat her .
She said that she didn ’ t want to foul her own nest .
I am , sir .
It's me , sir . But I am sorry I have forgotten to prepare for it .
Oh , I no longer work there . I'm working with a multi-national corporation .
I want to try different things before I find the one I really like .
I could handle everything pretty well in the old position , so I decided to move around and learn something new .
I'm pretty satisfied with it . I can broaden my experience , learn lots of new things , and have more development opportunities .
Yes . Why ?
So ?
You are attracted to her . That sounds great , but how do you know that it is a crush or it's real love ?
That's a big question . Well , if you are in love , maybe you ’ ll take every opportunity to talk to her or telephone her for no reason at all .
And you think about her all the time ?
And maybe you suddenly have new interests . I mean you suddenly begin to do things you used to avoid , ie.You used to sleep in every morning , but because she jogs every morning , then you begin to like jogging .
Oh , congratulations ! Sounds like you ’ Ve found your soul mate .
Yeah , that's right . If you find this person is more and more important to you and you can totally trust her , then you can stay in love .
While staying in love is even better .
I know it's not good for me , but the problem is I just can't help it .
I'll try .
I don't know .
Don't waste time .
But it's none of our business .
Please sit down and make yourself at home . Please don ’ t stand on ceremony .
I ’ m glad that you like it . This is only the first time that I made it .
Sure , we call it doubt .
Huh , oh , hi , Jane . I must have fallen asleep while I was reading .
Well , the dorm ’ s too noisy to study in , and I guess this place is too quiet .
No . Prof . Grant told us to write about anything in cultural anthropology . For once I wish she hadn ’ t given us so much of a choice .
I am , but there is too much material to cover . I ’ ll be writing forever , and Grant only wants five to seven pages .
That ’ s not a bad idea . I brought many plenty of books and things back with me last summer . That would be great resource material . Now if I can only remember where I put them .
Do you think you'll be interested in studying law later ?
You want to be a politician ? Yuck .
Sorry , you're right . I think you'll be a good politician .
You're right . We need more people like you in politics .
Okay , I will .
It doesn't matter . I just feel a little dizzy .
I don't know .
Well , let me see ... Do you work at IBM Corporation ?
Now I remember . We met at a conference in Tokyo last year .
That ’ s really unbearable .
So get prepared for everything .
My husband and I have thought about it , but we ’ Ve decided not to have any . They are just too expensive . Besides , with all the news about global warming on the news lately , who knows what kind of world we ’ ll have in the future . What about you ?
For me , growing up in a big family always made me yearn for attention . I always wanted to be an only child so that I could always do what I wanted and so that I wouldn ’ t ever have to share .
No way ! I spent 20 years of my life with relatives around me 24-7 . you know , I don ’ t think I ’ Ve ever actually spent any time by myself in my parents ’ home . What do you think of the one-child policy in China ?
That ’ s true . But as a woman , I ’ m glad that even though I don ’ t want any children , I at least have a choice in how many children I have . On the other hand , I can ’ t imagine what China would be like if there weren ’ t a one-child policy !
I don ’ t know what other people think , but I , for one , envy only children !
Oh , that's all right . I just wondered what was keeping you .
What do you mean ?
Oh , did you ? That's very easy to do .
I ’ Ve been away on holidays for sometime .
I went with my husband . Our first stop was Bangkok . We stayed there for 5 days . Then we flew to Hong Kong , stopover for 3 days . Our last stop was China . We visited the Great Wall .
Yes . We enjoyed ourselves very much . Have you traveled much , Luke ?
Why ? Is there some new , cool computer out on the market ?
That's a notebook ?
It looks more like a toy , or a cool briefcase !
There ’ s some , but I don ’ t think it ’ s a big problem . A lot of it is petty crime , burglary and car theft . There ’ s very little major crime .
That happens in many places . In my city , there is a very good drug rehabilitation programme . The police and courts are also tough on people who commit crimes , but I don ’ t know if that ’ s the reason for
I think that the best way to reduce crime is to spread wealth more evenly . If most people have similar amounts of money , they will not think of stealing from others .
It's user friendly .
I need to return a book .
I would also like to check out this video .
Yes , just the video .
Here you go .
Oh , I will .
I understand . Thank you very much .
Not bad . But too hot for me today .
Absolutely . Who were you playing with ?
Really ? Oh , well , in that case we should play together some time . What's your handicap ?
No kidding ! I'm 16 , too . We should definitely play together some time . My name's Bob .
Me too . So , do you like the course ?
Well , they used to , but they got rid of them because of environmental concerns .
Actually , in my opinion , the carts were better because you don't have to tip them .
Possibly , but I still miss them ! What bothers me is that the heat makes the caddies ' life quite hard . One member's caddy fainted last week !
Right . Luckily it was on the eighteen hole , quite near the clubhouse , so he didn't have far to carry him .
Yup .
No , that's okay , I already have a coke.Why don't you have a seat , you look like you've been on your feet all day .
It's great ! The mountains here are beautiful and the skiing is spectacular.Have you been here for a long time ?
What do you do for a living ?
Wow , talk about job perks ! That's great . I would like to do something exciting like that.But I am only an accountant.Not too much excitement there.huh ?
I ’ m just looking at this map of the world . I ’ m preparing for a geography class .
No , there aren ’ t . this map just show the geographical features . Look at the Himalayan plateau with the highest peaks in the world .
I find it incredible how millions of years of volcanic activity have created mountains thousands of metres tall .
The oceans and landscapes all influence our climate .
I'll try to speak more clearly .
It's hard to say . But I do love waltz very much .
To tell the truth , I don't like it .
Oh , it's really beautiful , but I just can't dance it well .
OK . I'll have a try .
Thank you for your compliment .
He's a hero in our town .
Yes , indeed , People say he's the smartest young man .
For what reason .
He had better make a change .
I ’ m in pretty bad shape . I am having an allergy all the time .
I never trust those stupid doctors .
oh yeah ?
how did you feel when you graduated ?
what did you do after graduation ?
sounds like you're happy with your decision .
it was also a proud day for me , but I also felt like a kind of loss that day .
while seeing others going to work or continue their study , I didn't know what I would do .
I had one , but I didn't like the job very much . I wanted to attend graduate school , but I was afraid it would be too tough .
Thank you , Joe . What would you like to drink with your meal ? I can offer you wine , mango juice , or water .
Excellent choice . Can I dish you up some chicken ?
How about some salad to go with your chicken ?
Would you like to have rice with your chicken ?
Good ! Julie , if you could pass this plate down to Joe , I think we are all set .
Usually we have a month off .
I'll stay at home and have a complete rest .
She must be very sad .
At a time like this , what she needs is a pat on the back rather than a blame .
Really ? That's a straws in the wind .
Yeah . They suit each other . A perfect match between a man and a girl .
So cool ! Can I get a load of it ?
I got it a while ago , but I haven't worn it much . You really like it ?
It's white gold .
My boyfriend took me to the Shane Co . and he let me pick it out .
That's the best part . It wasn't for anything special . He just wanted to buy me something .
My birthday is coming up . We'll find out pretty soon .
I wouldn't mind a necklace . I was at the jewelry shop looking around , and they have a couple of beautiful necklaces I want .
I don't think I'm ready for a ring from him yet .
Akha .
I like traveling for pleasure to get places for vacation for instance . But I don ’ t like traveling to work , waiting for buses , or ...
Exactly .
Hi , Tom . How have you been ?
What am I doing ? What am I doing ? Don ’ t you know what day it is ?
It ’ s only the day when the world ’ s biggest sporting event is kicking off .
The World Cup ! The first match is today ! It ’ s Mexico vs . South Africa ! It ’ s going to be a really good match ! Both teams have a very strong offense and have skilled players . I think that South Africa
This is bigger than the Super Bowl , man ! Teams from 32 countries compete against each other every four years and fight to win that trophy . They first start in a group stage with bigger groups , each g
Are you kidding ? Over seven hundred million people watched the final match of the World Cup ! It ’ s a very exciting and nerve wracking sport ! Each nation is cheering on their team , hoping they will bec
Whatever , I ’ m going to go watch the opening match .
Certainly .
I often play badminton with my parents .
Hey , I'm good at playing it .
My parents .
How about you , Daniel ?
Well , who is your favorite football player ?
You have to bring me an add sheet to sign . Do you have one ?
You must take the signed add slip to the Admissions and Records Office to add the class . Do you know where that is ?
The office is in front of you as you cross the quad . The signs in the hallway will tell you where you need to be .
You'll find it easily . Make sure you add the class and then we will look at the roll sheet later to make sure that you were added on .
To drop a class , you need to do the same thing with a drop slip . Good luck !
Nothing really , why , what ' s up ?
Sounds great , i ' d very much like having something thanks , when ?
Do you need help setting up or anything ? I don't mind . I like to do that kind of thing . It's fun and I have a good eye for decorating .
Ok , I will see you again .
Not at all , I was totally in the dark .
Of course , what can I do for you ?
Oh , what exactly is problem ?
Oh , I'm so sorry , Sir . I'll see what I can do about that .
In the summer it gets very hot . The temperature is between often 37 and 40 centigrade . When it is hot we often get rains . The winters are drier .
What are the temperatures in winter ? In my city it is about 15 or 20 degrees .
Yeah , we do . In the middle of summer there can be found storms every day usually in the afternoon . I heard your city has a lot of fog , is that true ?
Yes , they are like I said we have thunderstorms . But each one usually last a few hours . Then the skys are clear again .
My grandmother said there was snow once when she was a child . But my parents and I never see it outside of my city .
As you know , my city is on the coast.the water is also not clean . But people still go swimming all year around . I prefer to sand bath on the beach when the weather is hot and sunning .
I can see the sun now .
Anyway , I dislike summer here.There ' s too much rainfall .
Nice to meet you , I'am Seven . I don't think I ' Ve seen you around before .
What do you do there ?
I ' Ve beaning worked IBM for years . I am vested personnel file system , He is the after sale survise director . he such a nice boss , I like working for him .
Yes , That's him over there-the taller , handsome one . Would you let me introduce you ?
You'd just let sleeping dogs lie .
Anything you say or do might make it worse . Just try to ride out the storm for a while .
You'd better leave her alone .
Just tell her off .
Yeah . Water pollution has for a long time been a major concern among the environmental issues .
They could generally be divided into two categories
Yeah . They are emitted directly into urban water supplies .
Indirect sources include contaminants that enter the water supply from soils or groundwater systems and from the atmosphere via rainwater .
Sure . It's an issue asking for everyone's participation .
Yes , she is my favorite girl . I've decided to go steady with her .
Sure . She is the ideal girl , the one I had dreamed of .
She is the mature , stable , feminine type . I hope one day I can marry her .
I almost did ! Actually , I don't know that much about coffee , even though I sell it .
Thanks . Maybe if things slow down later I'll stop by your table .
Rita . Nice to meet you .
Yes , I do . I also use an anti-spyware program and a firewall . There are so many nasties on the internet and so many people who are trying to use the internet to hurt other users . You have to be very careful and keep you computer clean .
I usually run it every few days . It finds a virus about half the time .
How you tried this one ? It ’ s very good and you can download it for free on the internet . You can also download updates for free .
Just a minute ... go to this one . I ’ ll send you an email with the line in it . It only takes a few minutes to download . Then you have to go through the set up procedures . But they are not complicated .
I use it for several things-surfing the net , word processing and creating presentations . I don ’ t play many games on my computer , but I do a lot of work with photographs . Using c computer program , you can edit and resize photographs . You can also make them brighter or darker and cut pieces from different photographs to create new ones .
What ?
Is it ?
I stayed up last night .
Will , I'm under a lot of pressure . My manager is very pushy . He assigned me two projects . Now the deadlines are near but I have finished neither of them .
Well , I guess no one can help me but myself . For the moment , I just need someone to talk to so that I can relieve my stress .
Oh , buddy , you are so kind . Thank you !
I'm not feeling too well . I've caught a cold .
Hasn't it ! It's been cold and windy recently.Do you like the weather here ?
Oh , I'm going for a trip to New York this autumn . What's the weather like in New York ?
Is it cold in autumn there ? Should I take any warm clothes with me ?
Yeah . I am on edge since she was out to the match .
I do have the confidence , but I still worry about her .
No problem , anytime .
Okay , thank you .
If they are just like us , they are not middle-aged .
Middle-aged means in the middle , Ethel , middle of life . People don't live to a hundred and fifty .
Oh , you know , we are not middle-aged . You're old , and I'm aging .
I can if you like .
We should certainly hold a big party for the professors and students . We could have a firework display .
If we do , too many people might attend . Perhaps we should invited all of them , but make a small charge to attend .
Good idea ! I think we could also have presentations by former students on how their experience here helped them in their lives .
I think that we could also produce some merchandise for the centenary-you know , T-shirts , mugs , plates , pens , and things like that .
I ’ m looking forward to reading that . We could have book signings by famous professors an alumni .
I ’ m sure that will be very popular .. OK , let ’ s think about how we can put these ideas into practice .
Oh , it's nothing to speak of .
Thank you . I appreciate the compliment .
My name is Sam .
I'm fine . Thank you .
I'm from England .
I'm a bank manager .
Yes . May I help you ?
Yes .
Nice to meet you , John .
Yes , but I'm not sure what exactly I would need .
That would be a definite bonus .
How can we do that ?
No .
That sounds great . Thanks .
I'm not quitting yet . You know my favourite slogan , don't you ?
Right !
Ok .
Ahahah , and I thought you were tired .
It sure looks special , looks expensive too .
Don't worry , Mary , I've got you covered .
Oh , no , Nathan , I ... I really think we've bought this flat at the right time , you know . Market prices are going to go up , and I think you'll find in a year or two it will be worth a lot more .
But don't you like this place ? I remember when we came to see it we thought it would be lovely .
Oh , why didn't you say so then ? But I still think we've made a good buy .
Well , going to a cinema , visiting the galleries , exhibitions and museums , finding and meeting old friends , exercising in the health club or mountain biking . There are so many good choices .
Why not start with the most interesting one ?
Toss a coin to decide then .
I'm not sure about that . How would people get to work ?
Well , it may not be that simple . Not everyone likes public transport .
Well , I don't often use them , I wouldn't really know .
It is very hard , you know .
Good luck !
No comment .
Yes , it is . May I help you ?
What date , sir ?
Let me see . Yes , we still have some tickets left . Which performance ?
OK , we have tickets at 100 yuan and 50 yuan .
All right . May I have you name , please ?
When would you like to collect the tickets ?
We can hold them until one day before the show .
Just telephone us , and let us know in advance . We don't charge for cancellation .
You are welcome . Goodbye .
Is that right ? I didn't know it .
Will you forgive me . Could you return my camera ?
Oh , I see . Then , can I buy slides and picture postcards somewhere ?
I have already known that . I didn't get the scholarship , right ?
Can you help me ? You know I do need the scholarship .
Thank you . I will .
Well , Jim . It is a combination of how much you eat , the type of food you eat , and when you eat your meals .
That's a big mistake , you should always have a good breakfast . You will not run your car without fuel , and as well you won't expect your body to work without food .
I bet you eat a large evening meal , then sit and watch TV or read a book . Then instead of burning off your energy , your body stores it as fat .
Well control is really using common sense when you plan your eating habits .
I should say , a a ' set ' of golf clubs is restricted to no more than 14 clubs .
In general , a set of golf clubs 3 , 4 , 5 , 6 , 7 , 8 , 9 , PW ; Woods : 1 , 3 , 5 and a putter .
This is not to say you have to carry all of these clubs . It depends on your preferences .
Of course even people who don't know anything about golf know his name .
Yes .
No , what ?
What do you mean ?
Crikey . Where did this happen ?
Oh , right , I hear they have a lot of this kind of problem down there .
So what happened ?
That's terrible .
So what happened next ?
Well , he sure was lucky .
Yeah , this is my first visit here .
Thanks , but I speak English with a strong German accent .
On and off , for quite a few years .
I did for a while , I suppose , until I left university , but after that not really .
Oh yes , how's she getting on ?
What , from Peter ?
Unbelievable ! I remember her husband is her former classmate . They fell in love with each other in college .
Yes . What will you do these two days ?
But I'd prefer to stay at home and have a good rest .
Ah ? Really ? That stinks !
Wow , you were pulling my leg all along . I was really fooled .
Yes and no .
I'm doing great .
I saw Forrest Gump the other day .
The movie type is drama .
I hate the hot weather . I'd rather stay indoors with the air conditioner .
I like to play computer games , read books , go shopping , and play pool .
My favorite is to play computer games .
My favorite is Diablo . It used to be Star Craft , but it is getting a little old .
Although I hate to exercise , I go jogging at least twice a week .
I am going to go to the bookstore .
That sounds like fun .
Ok . See you later .
I'm glad you came . You're welcome anytime .
I will . See you later .
I ’ m glad you like them . Happy birthday !
Forget it . It ’ s my pleasure . You mean a lot to me .
Great idea ! I do it every so often .
Yep . If you are a good singer , your audience will feel comfortable , right ?
I remembered Tom is always out of tune . We burst into laughter .
So tricky !
What happened ?
Where there are difficulties , there are ways to get over them . Hold on !
Oh , really ? No wonder that she looks quite depressed recently .
I heard they were just married for half a year .
Yeah . Mixed marriage is tempting but full of culture shock .
Maybe they were just attracted to each other but too different to be married .
I usually go to the supermarket , near the station .
I think they are quite reasonable , and the vegetables are very fresh .
Only 2 dollars and 25 cents .
I am looking for a host home .
Well , at least half a year . Do I have to do my own grocery shopping ?
That is fine .
Why do you say so ?
She has promised her mother that she would be with him through thick and thin .
I tried when you had gone , but I had no luck .
Okay .
Me ? I prefer France .
Oh , really ? I went to China last winter !
Yes , Friday I have a class right after work .
Saturday my parents are coming to town . What's up ?
No . Did you want to go do something ?
Oh ! That sounds great ! How about six o'clock ?
Is that right ?
Sure . Have you got anywhere in mind ?
That Italian restaurant in the city centre always has large portions . Do you want to go there ?
If you want spicy food , then I'd recommend going to a Thai , Indian or Chinese restaurant . How about that Chinese buffet on Cowley Road ?
You're right . Most of their dishes have sweet sauces . We could try that Indian restaurant just down the road from us .
The Taj it is then .
They'll still charge us a corkage fee .
Don't worry about money . I'll treat you tonight .
No , I'll pay . It's my turn anyway . You paid last time .
Yes I have . I went to the table tennis yesterday .
Oh . It was great . I love Ma Lin . He ’ s my favourite table tennis player . Have you seen anything yet ?
Well , let ’ s go to the marathon tomorrow then ! We can just stand by the side of the road .
I know that .
Me too . I want to know more about you , eg , what's your real name and what do you look like ...
Look , I am playing the piano for you .
Sorry , I have no photo in my computer . And I have no scanner . I will show you later .
Ha ! She is too little .
I want to tell you that I like you
Thx .
Hi .
I'm good . How are you ?
A little . Are you American ?
Where are you from ?
Nice to meet you .
I heard it .
Just let it be . Her rudeness will come back to haunt her .
There are three , my parents and I .
No , I live alone in a flat near my work place .
Yes , almost once a week .
But he's really kind at heart .
I trust you ’ re keeping well ?
So we can get down to business .
Well , it's better than ' Friendship first , competition second ' .
I still think nobody plays for nothing .
Nine total . Seven children and my parents .
Well , my mother came from a big family , and wanted to have one of her own . My father was an only child , and didn't really care about having a large family , but my mother talked him into it .
It can be hard , and there are certain sacrifices you have to make .
That's one . Another is the lack of personal property . Everything you have , from toys to clothes , is used by your brothers and sisters . Especially clothes . Three quarters of my wardrobe are hand-me-downs .
Same problem here . There's an 18 - year gap between the oldest and youngest child in my family . The last child was born just as the oldest was going to college .
I don't mind at all .
To tell you the truth , I'm not married . I'm still single .
I don't know.It ' s still up in tha air .
To study . I am going to the University of Tampa to do a postgraduate course for three years .
Yes , here it is .
I've got a letter from my bank here . It shows I am able to support myself during these three years of studies .
Yes , here it is .
Oh , but mine is a three-year program .
Okay , thank you .
It's beautiful . Enjoy it while it lasts . It's supposed to get cold tomorrow .
It's supposed to snow early tomorrow morning and then tomorrow afternoon there's a chance of freezing rain .
Do you have any plans for tomorrow ?
You might want to change your plans . With the cold and wet weather that we're supposed to have tomorrow , the roads are going to be rather slippery .
I just have to go to class tomorrow afternoon .
If that happens , then I'll invite you over and we can drink hot cocoa and watch movies .
Hey , look outside ! It's started to drizzle !
Yes , there are many cities where it's almost always warm.San Diego , for example .
Many.Most of the cities in the southern part of the United States are hot all year .
Most people grow accustomed to the climate , but there are many others who complain about it all the time .
Several.Two good examples are Seattle , in the state of Washington , and Portland , Oregon .
In the north there are many cities which are very cold in the winter.Boston and Chicago are two of them .
Oh , no.On the contrary , there are many beautiful days , especially in the spring and fall .
Promise you are not going to be angry ?
I forgot .
Ah , ah , you promised , and remember ?
Yes . It has been a long time since the last time we met .
No . I've been visiting relatives recently .
I went to visit an uncle in San Francisco .
No . Why ?
Great . Let's talk over coffee .
You shouldn't be so negative.You ' ll always have some co-workers that are harder to work with than others.But if you are negative and start name-calling in the office , it will make a bad working environment for everybody .
Everybody has their strengths and weaknesses.Even Larry.He might be a pain to be around , but he's also very good at staying in budget on projects.Mary , on the other hand , spends our project money like there's no tomorrow.Also , she's never willing to stay a little later at the office.She always leaves at 5pm sharp .
You're right.He ' s a hard worker , easy to get along with , honest , and he never steals the credit on projects.The only thing he's lacking in is experience .
Yeah . I have got much pressure in the company . I have to be wrapped up in my work .
Thank you . I will .
Oh , I see.Thank you .
That's a great relief . I was worried about him .
His parents must feel very happy .
Yeah well it ’ s about time ! He ’ s been living with his parents for 40 years !
Who are those kids walking down the aisle ?
I just hope the priest makes it quick . I ’ m starving . I hope the food ’ s good at the reception .
Oh great ! Does this mean that the reception is canceled ?
Cardiopulmonary resuscitation !
What does that mean ?
Me ! Me !
Wait , what are you doing ? I ’ m a married woman ! You can ’ t just try to kiss me like this !
Well , OK . But no French kissing !
Wait , what are you doing ! You can ’ t just kiss me then go for second base !
Sure , what gives ?
On the level ?
That ’ s no laughing matter . That means she ’ ll have to take the whole course again . I can ’ t believe she ’ s going to have to start from the beginning .
He looks strong.What does he do ?
He must be very brave .
It ’ s huge .
Yes , of course .
Oh , not yet . At least have one for the road .
Well , I am sorry you have to leave so early .
Well , thank you for coming .
Bye .
Terrible .
I ’ Ve got a fever and really a bad headache .
I ’ Ve already tried some but it didn ’ t help .
Yeah , I guess I should .
Thank you very much .
Darlene ! Indeed , it ’ s been a while ! How have you been ? Wow , you look amazing ! I love what you ’ Ve done with your hair !
Ha ha , come on ! Well , I ’ Ve been watching what I eat , and working out three times a week . By the way , I heard your son recently graduated !
He is such a handsome guy . He gets his looks from his mother of course !
Oh yes . She had a beautiful wedding in Cozumel Mexico and we all attended .
But of course ! Well , it ’ s been great talking to you , but I have to get going .
That would be great ! Give me a call !
I could help you with that .
I promise you that I have the time to do this . If I didn't , I wouldn't offer to help .
Tomorrow night would work for me .
OK , and I'll bring some information that helped me with my presentation .
See you tomorrow night .
Calm down .
Don ’ t think about it !
You pay for the taxi and dinner , then to even things up .
Really ? Why ?
It's a pity that I was traveling around Europe at that time .
You're right ! I will call him this weekend and meet him .
Is she ? I thought she was a mathematician .
Are you ? I thought you had something to drink at her home .
I ’ ll buy you a drink .
I think it ’ s a distance of 180 kilometers from here to London , so it should be a two-hour drive on the motorway .
You ’ re right . We will be able to travel at high speeds at the beginning and end of the journey , because we will be in built-up area .
Ok . You haven ’ t seen my company car , have you ?
I think it ’ s over five meters long . I can ’ t remember exactly . It has a maximum speed of over 200 kilometers an hour .
We can ’ t . if we went that fast , we would break the speed limit .
Well , apparently I ’ Ve run up quite a bill . I was under the impression that the Junior Executive Holiday Package only cost 250 dollars per night . I ’ Ve just been informed that it ’ s actually 500 do
But I definitely was led to believe that a three-night stay would be $ 750 .
When I booked the room , your staff didn ’ t mention this . And the brochure and your promotional mailings do not mention that .
Yes . Have a look .
Perhaps you could arrange to provide me with a new bill that reflects the advertised rate .
Thank you .
It was me . I am so sorry .
I had to move it , so that I can get my bike through .
I am awfully sorry . I didn't think you would mind so much .
I promise .
Yes , it's my steak .
It's too raw . I wanted mine well done , but this one here is almost medium .
Very good . It's done just right this time , thank you .
Yes , please give me another Calsberg .
No , thank you . I've had enough .
Yes , I will have a cup of coffee .
Fine with me . I just want to get this over with . It ’ s important we make a clean break . I should have signed a pre-nup .
Nothing ! Anyway , you ’ re right , there ’ s no reason this has to be nasty.My lawyer tells me you ’ Ve accepted our alimony proposal and the division of property , as well as the custody agreement - I keep the cat and you get the dog . So that ’ s done ... finally .
Fine , but I ’ m keeping the antique gramophone as my grandfather gave it to me .
He ’ s my grandfather , and he never really liked you anyway !
How typical , when are you ever going to use a silver tea set ? Fine ! I don ’ t want to drag this out any longer than necessary . What ’ s next ? What about these old photographs ?
Our trip to Italy ! I remember that day . We were going to visit the Trev fountain , and we got caught in the rain ...
Oh , we really did have fun back then , didn ’ t we ?
Oh Jeff ! I love you too ! I ’ m so glad we didn ’ t have to decide who keeps the motorcycle .
Nothing .
Just get out of my face !
Leave me alone !
I don't want to talk about it .
I blew the finally exam .
No , I'm not .
Yes , I ’ m doing some research on Roman civilization . Do you have any books on the subject ?
Can I check this one out ?
Ok . And I ’ d like to check these books out .
Thanks for your help .
When pigs fly !
I still have five seats in the mezzanine .
No . Nothing . I'm sorry .
Sorry , it ’ s all sold out .
We have tickets for the matinee . It starts at 3p . m .
Where would you like to sit ?
Certainly .
I'd be glad to . I love picnicking .
Can I bring my camera with me ?
I sure will .
Yes . After so many years of hard work , I ’ d rather I had an office of my own .
I ’ ll be very glad if you would help .
Thank you . I wish I would .
There are not so many people like you .
Yes , I ’ m doing some research on Roman civilization . Do you have any books on the subject ?
Can I check this one out ?
Ok . And I ’ d like to check these books out .
Thanks for your help .
Yes . I have three sons . Actually I also have a grandson .
I understand . I was in your position before . At that time I couldn ’ t depend on anyone taking care of the children for me . My husband seldom stayed at home .
Yes , she did a little . But you see , Americans are different from Chinese . You can ’ t depend on your own mother to be a full-time babysitter . She could baby-sit only once or twice a week . That ’ s it . I had to care for them most of the time .
Don ’ t worry . You can take night classes . I did that when I had kids . And soon your child will be old enough to attend kindergarten . Then you could find a job and work .
No . You see , I went back to school to get my Master ’ s Degree when I was in my thirties . You won ’ t be older than that .
In what ways ?
Ha-ha , so you believe in astrology ?
Is that so ? I'm afraid it is too narrow-minded to judge people using astrology . It's all stereotypes !
But as far as I remember , you two caught on like a house on fire when you first met .
He is a worker .
She is a nurse .
August 1st .
Yes , we do.My parents prepare dinner for me .
We sing " Happy Birthday " at the party and have birthday cakes .
Well , I don't know .
So the ' Happy Birthday ' song has been popular since then ?
Shih ! ! Please keep your voice down . There are people reading and studying here .
Yes I am . You can check our online catalog to search the book you want based on the genre , title or if you know the author , I can point you towards the right direction .
That would be in our children's section . That book shelf there on the right .
Do you have a library card ?
I just need to see your drivers license or utility bill to prove that you a resident of this state .
So you are all set . You can have these books for two weeks . If you need to have them longer , you can bring them here to renew them . If you don't , you get charged ten cents a day for each book .
Can I use my green pad again to write you admiring notes ?
You miss me , don't you ?
OK , I'm in . When do I start ?
It's a little early for those , isn't it ? I still have eight months to go ...
I thought we could turn the upstairs study into a baby room . What do you think about lavender ?
Give it to me .
It ’ s my acceptance letter from UCLA .
I ’ Ve been accepted !
I ’ m serious .
NYU was my first choice , but UCLA is just fine .
Thanks . I ’ m proud of myself , too .
I'd prefer to go abroad , if possible .
I'm one of them .
How's it ?
Yesterday morning was beautiful I thought the sunning was going to continue .
I know . I could not believe it when I got hit by that storm . It was pouring with rain all afternoon .
If it was sunning all year round there would be drought . You probably would not like it either .
The weather forecasters are not good at predicting the weather would be like . Our weather is so changeable .
Thank you . I have roses , tulips , and daffodils . Do you like the rockery with the smaller flowers ?
Yes , they are . This afternoon , I ’ m going to prune the hedge .
Thank you ! That would be very kind of you . I have a saw in the garden shed .
Tomorrow , I ’ ll cut the grass . Then the garden will lock perfect .
I know I'm late . I'm sorry . I tried to call you to tell you , but your phone seems to be disconnected .
Yes . An automatic message says your phone is not in service .
So I couldn't get through . I knew I'd be late because my car wouldn't start.It was too cold I had to warm it up in the garage with a heater . That's why I'm late .
About what ?
Well , the only thing you can do is tell the phone company and hope they fix it fast .
No . I hate cell phones.But you could go to a neighbor's house and use their phone .
Yes , of course I can drive you.So you don't want to get your phone fixed right away ?
Alright , let's go .
No , don't try to tend me . I'm becoming chubby , and I have to slender down .
I don't think so . I know I've put on weight this winter .
Yes , to tell you the truth . I am on the diet .
When do you leave ?
Take care of yourself and don't forget to keep in touch .
Why ? I'd like to see what's on that channel .
I prefer boxing to beef .
It seems that he has gone ape over the girl .
Yes , he ’ s been like this for two weeks . We don ’ t know what to do .
Yeah . But he just didn ’ t listen .
Oh , yes . It's a great party . There are some people I don't know , though .
That would be great .
Yes . I like it very much .
It's excellent .
It's delicious .
I like beefsteak very much . Have you tried Chinese dishes ?
Well , it's getting late . I have to get up early tomorrow . So I must say good night .
Do you have an add sheet for me to sign ?
When you get the signed add slip , you must take it to the Admissions and Records Office or you will not be added . Can you find the office ?
Across the courtyard on the right is the office . Follow the signs to the correct line . Is that clear ?
You can't miss it . Add the class and then come back . We'll check later to make sure you are on the roll sheet .
Do the same thing with a drop slip if you ever need to drop a class . Good luck !
It is in mine too . The biggest issue is water . The climate is dry and so water conservation is very important .
Water is rationed . We can only use a certain amount each month . It means that we cannot use some modern household items , like washing machines . They use too much water .
Yes , I agree . The air here is much more polluted than in my country . Of course , my country is more agricultural and has much less industry .
The problem is now on a truly global scale . I don ’ t believe that any single country can do anything about it .
Thank you . It's a pleasure to meet you .
Thank you , they are beautiful .
is it a horror movie ?
no way . I will be scared out of my wits .
Hey , how could you like to taste my fist ?
Um , let me see , romance , comedy . documentary , action , science fiction , animated and so on .
yeah . It seems like we don't speak the same language as far as movies are concerned .
the Notebook is this type of movie .
well then , this could be a nice opportunity to enjoy it together . I bet you'd love it .
Thank you.Good evening , Mr.Dean .
I'm Helen Baker .
Glad to meet you , too .
I'm from New Zealand .
I'm a teacher .
Thanks ! We love it .
I'm just not looking forward to cleaning it !
Joe ? I don't know what you mean .
Oh , I took a shine to him when we met for the first time . But it comes and goes .
Who ’ s that boy ?
The one next to the telephone .
I think he ’ s the boy who just moved into my apartment building .
What's happening in that country ?
I think it ’ s my ankle .
One of my snow-shoes that cause on rocks .
I don ’ t think so . It ’ s kind of sore .
It ’ s that really necessary ?
That's my cousin Hubert.He likes smiling .
Sure , he's ready to be friendly with anyone .
I like spring best . It is neither too cold nor too hot . Freezing days make me lazy and stuffy days make me lazier . How about you ?
How do you get through the stuffy daytime ?
I have no idea .
Really ? When did that happen ?
Have they set a date for the wedding ?
Not bad . How about you , John ?
On 20th May 1963 .
27th day of the fourth month .
It will begin at 5:30 .
You can see it tomorrow .
But the rain has been pouring down for two days . We ’ Ve both caught colds .
How unlucky ! Let ’ s pack our bags and go home .
Hey , Andrew . How's everything with work ?
Really ? What's he been doing ?
Are you ? What are you busy with ?
Stolen ? No , why ?
Criminals are clever ? They ’ re only successful when people are careless .
If your uncle had an alarm system , then it wouldn ’ t have happened .
Didn ’ t anyone stop them ?
Wow , they were good . I guess criminals aren ’ t that dumb after all .
Why , that's very kind of you , Mrs . Johnson . I'm sure my wife will be glad to .
Tomorrow afternoon would be fine .
I think it is good if we know enough about career planning . We will make wiser choices . What else did he tell you about it ?
Sounds practical ! To be honest , sometimes I feel puzzled about my future career . I am not sure if this job suits me the best though I work very hard on it and enjoy being a hard worker . I have always wanted to try something else and learn some new skills .
Ok , then we can sign up for it together .
Um ?
As you like .
It doesn ’ t make any difference to me .
Leave me alone .
I need to copy some pages in my book .
Do I need to pay to use it ?
How much do you charge ?
Is there a maximum number of copies I can make ?
I ’ m going to need you to show me how to use the machine .
Thank you for your help .
Yes , I have been working for eight hours .
No , really . I'm not in the mood for it .
No . I ’ Ve not had the pleasure of meeting her yet .
How do you do ?
What would you like to drink ?
I'm having a great time . I love it . I'm glad we came .
I love the museums , too .
Yeah . I hate all this traffic . It's really noisy .
I can't stand making decisions . You choose !
You should ask for a holiday and relax yourself for a little bit . You worked so hard .
It's a surprise !
Yes . Let's go inside and you can open it up .
I'll give you two clues . First , it cost more than $ 250 . And second , it's not big , but fat .
I'll just have water .
I went bankrupt and I'm flat broke now .
Thank you .
Me too . I'll talk to you later .
Great . My family came to visit me .
My immediate family is very large . It's my mother , my father , my two older brothers , my younger sister and me .
I thought you were the only child in the family . Didn't China practice the only-child policy in the early 1980s ?
Interesting . What do you think about families with only one child ?
Do you get along well with each other ?
You are very lucky to have such a nice family .
I don't think so .
That suits me fine .
Do you really think so ?
I think , in some way it is an act of God , but in another way , it just is caused by us .
We didn't pay attention to the environment , cut down trees and polluted the air .
Good morning , John !
I'd be delighted to , John . Saturday did you say ?
I'm pretty sure I'll be all right . In fact , I'd be delighted to come over and celebrate your birthday with you.What time are you planning to start ?
That sounds fine . I'll be there around seven .
Wait , Jimmy , it ’ s cold outside . Put a hat on !
No , wait , you will be too cold without mittens .
Hold on , with that wind , you ’ re going to catch a cold . Wear this scarf .
Oh ... and ear muffs ! Put these on ... here we go .
Yes , honey ...
I cannot dance , you know . I have't such a talent .
Nothing . I have told you before that I won't go to the party and that's flat .
I don't have one single favorite , but these days I listen to a lot of Chopin .
Without doubt , rock is trash .
Yeah , and most excitingly , I met the girl living under me today . She's really nice .
Yeah , and most importantly , she's single ! Man , I could tell from the moment I saw her , she's the girl of my dreams !
I don't know . I am not really worried about that . I don't wanna lose before even starting . Besides I think the other two American guys have also fallen for her .
Not yet . But I am thinking of inviting her to dinner sometime . I know some good restaurants nearby .
You bet . Now that you mentioned it , I think I'll call her now and see if she is available tonight .
Thanks !
It's a chance in a million . I hear John is interested in it .
But anyway , I'll have a try .
Well , it ’ s hard to say . I coughed a lot in the evening .
You ’ re right . But you know it ’ s so hard to give up the old habit like smoking .
You know I often have to work far into the night . I need smoking to keep me awake .
Thank you for your advice . I ’ ll try it .
What fools we were !
And my new car . To think that he simply drove off with everything in my car . That's what hurts me most .
I hardly dare call the police . They'll just laugh at us .
And his story didn't even hold together . I feel such an idiot .
David took me to it last week . I thought it was a little sick .
It was entertaining in some ways . But in general I didn't like it .
I just think the humor was too gross . There were too many disgusting things in it . I don't think a comedy has to have so much smut to be funny .
No , you're right . But nudity doesn't bother me . What bothered me were all the jokes about masturbation , stuff like that . It was too sick .
I don't think it's realistic . I thought it was sick . Why does a movie have to use that kind of humor ?
Yes . Especially in autumn , the red leaves of the maple trees make the whole mountain red .
Yes , it can make people feel as if they were in the land of fairies .
A couple of times .
Sure . I'd be very glad to be your tour guide .
I didn't hear that . But I can deduce the reason .
Tom is a kind guy , but addicted to gambling . He spends all his time gambling in the casino . And his wife can't put up with his incessant gambling any longer , so she divorced him . Is that right ?
Yeah ! Gambling is often a curse . By gambling we lose time and treasure , two things most precious to a man .
In a word , gambling is a vice . We should be away from it .
I am free tomorrow afternoon between two and four ; do you have a particular time in mind ?
Fine , do you know where my office is ?
Remember , it is in the E building on the third floor .
Don't worry , it will work out fine once you get there . I'll see you then .
Looking forward to meeting with you !
No . Could you tell me something more about it ? I want to play well .
You just said 10 rounds .
Perhaps you can tell me a little more about this .
Yeah , it'll make a hit , I think.When will it be on , do you know ?
I tried it for a half-hour.It was interesting , but ... well ... I couldn't really do it .
I couldn't even stand on it and hold the sail . I probably fell down fifty times .
Yes , it was really stupid .
It was fifty dollars for a half-hour .
What do you mean ? It's expensive !
We broke up .
Oh , not too bad . I'm just glad the weekend's finally here .
Give me a screwdriver on the rocks .
Thanks .
I apologize . This should not have to be this way .
Of course , I should have been more careful . I ’ m sorry .
Well , I just came in . I worked overtime yesterday . Some statistics and very important documents seemed to be inaccurate . So I stayed to double check them . The boss was aware of my very late work of last night . So before he left office , he told me I could come one hour later this morning .
It was around one thirty in the morning . I guess I didn ’ t fall asleep till 3 because those numbers were involving in my mind . I just couldn ’ t stop thinking about them .
Working at weekend is something I hate to do most .
I got the information that there is a killer sale at the shopping mall near our block . Get up and I will wait for you at the gate of our flat .
Stop complaining , OK ?
No , I am not a shopaholic , but a super shopaholic . And I really enjoy smelling the gorgeous clothes and new bags .
I was wondering if you could company me to the Ball ?
That's great . I'll pick you up at eight .
You ’ d better change it . It ’ s ugly .
It ’ s really elegant and it fits you really well .
My mother is a professor and my father is a manager .
No , usually they're very busy .
Of course .
Things were different this time . I sat by a math genius .
B :: Come on ! I just took a glance .
Well , if I were you , I'd go on studying .
If I had chance again , I'd major in English . You're good at language .
You should take their advice . They know what's best for you.But my friends will have jobs and lots of fun , while I spend all my time doing reading and writing .
Hm , what you say makes sense . But you know , I still have to ask my parents for pocket money , and I hate to do so at this age .
You're right . Thank you for the advice .
John , they are old-fashioned people from the Chinese countryside . That ’ s their custom .
Don ’ t your relatives visit other relatives ?
I think that maybe Chinese families are closer than your families .
Sure . How do you like your seats ?
Ok , here are your tickets in Row 13 .
That's fine . But you have to pay another $ 10 .
No , it isn't mine . I blundered upon it under the sofa . Do you know whose watch it is ?
Well , here you are . Remember to put it in a proper place .
We are playing against Hainan .
Sure they are .
We are , 27 to 26 .
How can it be ? We are a tough team as well .
Yes , I ’ m afraid I am . My husband is a smoker too .
No . But my husband smokes 20 or more a day .
I had my first cigarette when I was 17 .
Yes . Twice .
Can ’ t be better , it was wonderful . We had a lot of fun there . There was so much joy and walk and breathe the winter air . We arrived at the park at 9 o ’ clock in the morning and didn ’ t leave till 3 o ’ clock in the afternoon .
Of course not ! We built a snowman , some snow dogs and one big snow fort . We went sliding on the nice hill . It was a real work out . At noon , we had the most special winter picnic outside . Fortunately , we got it all on a video tape . You must come with us next time . I bet you will love it .
No , but those guys like to hit on me .
It's a ETV palace ! I'm glad I brought my platinum card .
Where is Stanley ? It was his idea to have the bachelor's party at a ETV , wasn't it ?
Then I bet he's really good !
You , too . Where did you get your new hat ?
Yes . It's a birthday present from my husband !
He'll come out with surprises . Just wait and see . Look at that woman , with the white chiffon !
Yes . I like the dress . It must be the latest fashion . Look , the hem has lowered , and the waist narrowed .
Yes . She dressed with an individual flair . I rather envy her .
I quite agree with you.See the woman there ? I dare say she hasn't got any eyes . How could she match the mauve gown with the green handbag ? And all that jewelry !
So what ? It only makes her look cheap and vulgar .
You're quite slim . In fact , if you were one of those starlets , the movie company would say you have a fabulous figure .
Oh , my shoes pinch me . Let's find a seat and sit a while .
Hey , watch where you ’ re going !
Oh ... I don ’ t know .
Oh , wait a second , you seem really familiar , I think I know you from somewhere .
Ouch ! My ankle ! I think it ’ s broken ! You can ’ t just leave me like this ! Are you calling an ambulance ?
Hi Kate ... thanks ... wow ! Look at all the furniture . You must spent a fortune on it ! I love your new three-pieces suite .
Good for you ! You ’ Ve got new curtains too . That ’ s a very nice shade of blue . This sofa is very comfortable . I could sit on it all day !
To be honest , it looks like your old carpet . Is it really new or did you just have your old cleaned ?
A gang of bastards are wildly shooting on the next street . We must leave this place the soonest .
Stop your nonsense ! Quick . Let ’ s leave the place !
And a typical example has been the Chinese athletes at the Beijing Olympics , right ?
Then what are the Westerners fit for ?
Where do you think the edge is for black athletes ?
I got you . Their competitive edge lies mainly in endurance and stamina . They are creatures from the savannah , and take to running like antelopes .
Sure.He has already married , a father of two boys .
He took the picture when he was only 21 years old .
Possibly .
Not a bit .
No kidding . Time is running out .
Vince says he can't afford anybody else . We're got to come through .
I guess we'll either make it , or we won't .
Do you have any English songs ?
Let me have a look . Everything I do I do it for you 、 Unchained melody 、 My heart will go on . Oh , and I ’ d like to try Everything I do I do it for you .
Is it easy to locate it ?
I used to be a better singer . I haven't sung in the Karaoke for a long time . It's your turn .
That's really my pleasure to listen to a Chinese song .
It ’ s a story about a policemen who is investigating a series of strange murders . I play the part of the detective . He has to catch the killer , but there ’ s very little evidence . It ’ s a psychological thriller with some frightening scenes , but I hope audience won ’ t be too scared to go to the movie theatres !
I have had disagreement with every director . I ’ Ve worked with . We ’ Ve always disagreed in a friendly way and we have always resolved our differences . It was the same when I made this movie . I don ’ t know where rumours of my disagreement with Rachel Kelly come from . We got on very well and I hope to work with her again . I enjoyed making the movie very much .
Not at all . The feedback from audience has been great . I care about what they think more than what the critics think .
I wanted to , but my insurance company wouldn ’ t let me . All of my stunts were done by a stuntman . As you know , I used to do my own stunts , but I ’ ll leave that to the experts in future .
My pleasure . Have you seen the movie yet ?
That's disappointing . I was really looking forward to it .
That would be great . Actually , can I get your phone number , Ella ? That's assuming you don't mind if I call you sometime .
Ok , got it . I will call you sometime next week .
It's time to go . Bye , Ella . Hope to see you soon .
No . Of course not . But what for ?
I see . But I'm busy now . How about tomorrow ?
I have , actually ; I ’ Ve always wanted to build my dream home myself .
well , it would be spacious and located next to a park , because a nice view is important to me .
I ’ d want it to have three bedrooms on a second floor with balconies on each , and one main bedroom on the main floor with an attached en suite . I ’ d also want a large living room and kitchen connected t
I ’ d have one guest bathroom in the basement , one attached to the main bedroom , and one upstairs , so a total of three .
I don ’ t like a lot of clutter , so I wouldn ’ t have lots of things out . I would have a few vases on the mantel piece and some pictures of my family on the walls , but other than that , most things would b
I think TV is a great waste of time , so I would only have one small TV in the kitchen to watch the news in the morning .
Of course I have . I'd like to marry a handsome man and have two children if possible .
I don't believe you can make it when you meet your Mrs . Right .
That's a wonderful choice .
January is a little too close to the Christmas holidays .
I think that April would work . Spring is a lovely time to be in the mountains .
Maybe if we asked around we could see what people would prefer .
I'll take care of taking the survey and get back to you with the answers .
Really ? How do you know that ?
Why ? That ’ s good news , but no one knows it ?
Does that mean you're going to take my advice ?
I might be able to help ...
We'd like to open another restaurant ... with you as the head chef and manager ...
Yes . But you know him . He's just worried that you're not Italian ...
No . He's afraid that no one will cook as good as his mother did .
How's that ?
I'm sorry to hear that .
I listen to music and read .
I think I like classical music better .
Pretty good , Sam . Only the awful weather , you know .
Me either , but I ’ m dealing with it anyway .
I ’ m here as a tourist .
Yes , it ’ s a small world . We never know where we ’ ll meet someone we know .
No , you can't , darling . The grass is wet .
No , you can't . The bench is wet , too .
Can't you see a notice on the bench ?
What does the notice say ?
I don ’ t know till now .
Why they hold a flour war ?
They are not feeling satisfied ?
But how guilty to waste food !
Coffee , please .
Coke is fine.Thank you .
What is it ?
A trip to China for summer vacation . Wow ! What a wonderful surprise ! Thank you . This is the best surprise I've ever had .
Oh , it has nothing to do with me .
I came here only a month ago .
It feels like there's going to be rain later .
We'll go tomorrow .
It's very nice . I like it very much .
My pleasure . But I'm afraid I'm not much of a dancer , and I suppose you dance often .
Oh , really ? But you're doing the waltz wonderfully well .
Thank you for your compliments . It's just you are a good leader . Do you like the foxtrot and tango ?
Disco is my favorite . I like it better than any other dances because it can release one's hidden feelings , and is a healthy exercise . But I don't do the rock and roll nor break-dancing .
My pleasure .
I used to date him . Of course it was him .
Yes , on the cancer ward . And Taylor was there . He walked right by me and didn't even see me .
But you saw how skinny and pale he looks . He has " cancer patient " written all over his face .
I hope I get an easy question like you did .
Oh , great . That's just my luck ! I hate those arty movies .
Oh , please ! I have no idea .
Take care , sonny !
Bye !
Over here , Betty !
Haha . Don ’ t worry , Betty . So tell me , what ’ s the latest gossip ? Unless you want to keep it to yourself .
No kidding ! What happened to Ad ?
Was , talk about a double whammy .
Oh , right . What a load off my mind . I really don ’ t like her .
Thanks for the visit , Betty .
I think we have a while longer .
That's true .
I don't know .
I wasn't really paying attention . I think we missed our stop .
Yeah , we definitely missed our stop .
My bad.sorry !
Oh , no ! How did this happen . Are you sure ?
My God ! I actually checked them one by one . How could this be ?
What kind of solution can I have now ? I nearly go crazy now .
It seems that I have nothing to do , except this .
Sure you can . But I'm only gonna keep it for a month .
That's why I can profit from it !
You bet . eBay Taiwan doesn't have it ! And bidding will start at two thousand NT . This baby's worth about six thousand to real tennis fans ...
Yes , of course . I am calling to apply for a job as an accountant .
Sure . The main courses I took included commercial accounting , cost accounting , industrial accounting , electronic accounting , and so on .
Certainly .
No.sir . If only you check out before 15:00
That's better .
I think so .
Yes ?
Why not ?
I'm sorry . I can't . What does the note say .
Sorry , I'm very near sighted .
Yes , sir . Shall I explain the details of the plan now ?
According to your schedule , you will visit the Times Company , including its office building , workshops and stores , in the morning from 8: 30 to 11
All right , roast beef , please.And I'd like to start with soup .
Clear soup , please .
The northern line is what you want .
It ’ s two yuan .
Just go through the number eight to ticket barrier over there . A train will be in directly .
That ’ s all right .
Oh , that ’ s easy . Go to yahoo.com . Now , click on the link with the picture of an envelope .
That one , the one that says , “ Mail . ”
Don ’ t worry . See where it says , “ New User ” ?
Click on that .
Yeah , just fill out this form and choose a password . The computer will do the rest .
That's it . I am Maria Smith . You must be Zhang Lin from Tianjin Sports Facility Co.Ltd .
Nice to meet you too , Mr . Zhang .
Yes . My house is far away from here . May I ask for an apartment ?
That ’ s great . If you don ’ t mind my asking , does your company give bonuses ?
Oh , just one more thing , could you give me some idea about holidays ?
No problem .
OK .
By credit card .
Yes .
4434 1234 5678 9902 .
No , double nine zero two .
That's right .
Eleven , ...
November this year .
Thank you .
Thanks a lot . Goodbye .
I ordered dinner about forty minutes ago . It hasn ’ t been delivery yet .
Okay .
That ’ s okay .
No , thank you . I'm just looking . Maybe later I might need your help .
Oh , you do ? You certainly have a large selection .
Yes , we can also see some yew trees .
Listen to the sound of nature ! It's like music .
What are those . Miss Liu ?
The red and yellow peony flowers are so beautiful .
Sure . I'm going to take more pictures today .
You are so kind . Thanks .
No . This time I'll try Chinese wine .
Do people here drink a lot of liquors ?
Yes , it has . Some Mexicans are crazy . They drink a lot of liquors even on hot days . Have you ever heard of " Tequila Sauta " ?
Right . It's very strong , just like alcohol . ( Frank sips Mao Tai . )
They say that Showing wine tastes quite good . What's it ?
I see .
Thank you for telling me so much , I'll try them next time .
I'm sorry but we are fully booked .
That's fine , but we have only a single room , is that OK ?
Well , I am not sure . Lets me check my agenda
I am free on Tuesday afternoon from 2 PM to 4 PM , is it convenient for you ?
Yes , there is . See you then .
OK , Mr . Coffee Connoisseur , so what's the next step in the coffee-making process ?
Let me guess , Mocha , Mandheling , and Santos !
No , I just read the names off the packages ... Ha !
I made a doctor's appointment for you .
Then I guess you're healthy enough to clean your room before school .
Bundle up . It's wet and rainy out there . Here's some soup .
Soup does the body good , sweetie . It's what you need when you're under the weather .
What kind of style do you want ?
Now let me take your measurements .
Three days later .
Bye-bye .
Do I have to get up now ?
What are you talking about ? The alarm hasn't even gone off yet .
I must have slept right through it .
Just let me sleep five more minutes .
That's $ 20 in all .
Let me see . I am terribly sorry , sir . That should be $ 18 .
Well first put your money in .
Then just press this button .
You ’ re welcome .
We'd like to sign a year-long contract , if that's OK .
Yes . We've signed them before . We even brought our chops .
We'll sign our signatures , too . And give you our passport numbers along with our ARC numbers .
How about this product selling from last month on ?
Am . Well , can I have a try of the sample free of charge ?
Thank you . We'll order once we try the sample .
OK .
No , it isn't mine . I blundered upon it under the sofa . Do youknow whose watch it is ?
Well , here you are . Remember to put it in a proper place .
Steak , please .
Well-done , please .
No , thank you . I don't like soup . I'd rather have some fruit juice to start with .
Meat , I think .
I do , but I want meat .
Yes , but I prefer red wine with meat .
I just want to have a coffee , I think .
No , thanks . I'd like to go straight home . I'm very tired .
Yes , we've got great apartments with charming environment and nice scenery.And they are all newly renovated .
No problem . We have a nice apartment located near the Oriental Square . It's perfect for people busy with office work . It is fully furnished with a service staff taking care of the trivial details .
Ah ! I get your point . We have just what you need . Our Jinyuan apartments have several floor plans . The one bedroom apartments are very economical , but their layout makes great use of a small amount of space . I think you can find a very apartment there .
Of course . It's just at 19 Lingual Road . You can phone me again if you can't find the right place .
You mean a murder cycle ? Did you know more cyclists die in accidents than motorists ?
I'll tell you what . You can get a motorcycle on one condition .
You spend two weeks with dad in his ambulance as an EMT trainee and volunteer at the emergency room for one month .
After that , we'll let you decide if you still want a murder , I mean motorcycle .
I'm fine , thanks . And you ?
Oh , nothing much really . And how is everything with you ?
What have you been doing ?
Really ? Good luck for them .
They're both very well , thanks .
I'm going to do some shopping . Why don't you come with me ?
It's been nice talking to you .
May I have your room number 。 Sir ?
Just a minute , Sir.Are you Mr Wang from China ?
Mr Wang , did you sign any bill in the last two hours in our hotel ?
Have you used any hotel services this morning ?
Here is your bill.It totals 3250 dollars .
What kind of card ?
Yes , we do . Here is your bill and receipt .
I am going to the gym . Do you want to come with me ?
Then , I'll wait for you at the car park in 20 minutes .
Do you have your member card with you ?
Well I have a guest ticket . You can use it .
Sure , I advise the sightseeing buses .
Yes of course.You can see the whole city on the bus . It's cheap as well as efficient .
sure . Where do you want to go ? Are you in the mood for anything in particular ?
dumplings again ? ! Oh , Amy , let's try something new !
how about the Mongolian hot pot ?
maybe we can try Yuanyang pot this time . You can choose the non-spicy soup base .
yes . The sliced noodles they offer are among the most authentic Shanti cuisines .
wait a minute . Let me throw on a sweater .
Frans Smith ? I think you may have the wrong number .
It is . But there is no Frans Smith here . Do you know which department he works in ?
The accounts department , no problem . I'm just putting you through now .
I want to be in a higher managerial position in the field of international marketing . I ’ m very interested in the European market hopefully , in Brussels .
It ’ s truly exciting to work in newly emerging unified market . Brussels will be center of the new market in the continent .
My experience in my last job showed that I have the talent to motivate people . It could be seen from the low absentee rate in my team . I want to continue that kind of contribution and to further develop this potential .
I want to apply my knowledge and experience to a challenging position and finally move on to management level .
I think the most important thing is the nature of the job . One should never do anything one is not interested in . To me , pleasant working conditions with co-operative staff are also important .
Can't it wait ? She's still angry that we sent e-mail wedding invitations .
I know . And they're spending enough on the plane tickets to Texas !
OK .
$ 200 , please .
I'm afraid you can't , ma'am . We accept only traveler's checks and credit cards .
We can take it . Just a moment ... Please sign here .
When did it happen ?
Tell me where it happened and how .
That happens often these days . Well , please fill in this Report of Theft .
Because the job I am doing in my present company is of no challenge , but I like challenge.Your firm is a young organisation with many innovative ideas . It has been very successful in an expanding market since its establishment 10 years ago . Working for you would be exactly the sort of challenge I am looking for .
I have excellent communication skills and I am familiar with the procedures for the last company I worked for . Besides , I am a team player and have great interpersonal skills .
Well , first of all , it ’ s much bigger . It has the same number of rooms , but each room is larger . We also have a larger garden , which our dog loves , of course !
Yes . One bedroom is for my wife and I . there ’ s another for our daughter . My wife wants to use the third one as a guest room , but I ’ d like to make it into a study . Our daughter is also keen on making it a study , so that ’ s probably what will happen .
That ’ s one of the main reason we chose that particular house . The kitchen and dining room are together . It ’ s really large .
Yes , they are . That ’ s very important to us . We like to live in a home with plenty of natural light . Each room has large windows .
No , we don ’ t . We wish we had one . That ’ s the only thing we wanted , but don ’ t have . The area is very nice and the neighbours seem friendly .
It ’ s a very quiet neighbourhood . There ’ s some traffic , but not much . It ’ s not very difficult to get to the city centre , but you must remember to turn left and right at the right places or you ’ ll get lost . So when are you going to drop by ?
All right . I'm nearly ready . What time does the bus leave ?
Oh , we've got plenty of time .
All right . Let's go .
Please show me your ID card and tell me the receiver's address .
Ok , that's all .
For What ?
Well , that sounds like it would be OK . Just be careful .
We eat a lot of chicken , pork and beef . You eat those meat a lot in your country too , don ’ t you ?
yes . I ’ Ve heard that people in your country like to eat lamb chops .
Yes , I have . I tried them when I visited your country last year . I thought they were very tasty . Can you cook them ?
That sounds great . I'll bring a bottle of wine .
My bad . I didn't realize that it was so late .
Of course not . I really did lose track of time .
Yeah , you did . I just forgot to call .
That's true . My bad for not calling .
You're going to kick me out over this ?
Well , if I'm not living here anymore , then I won't have to listen to your rules .
Hey , that was quite the presentation ! Honestly , I was completely blown away by your strategy outline . I've gotta say , Alex , you really wowed me today .
No , I think you deserve some recognition here ; I mean , if I look back on your previous presentations , this is a huge improvement .
And I saw that you took on board my feedback about pricing strategies . I really appreciate you taking the time to think though my suggestions .
Well , I just wanted to say well done . Really you did a great job .
I realize that I ’ m not in a position to offer you the kind of promotion you deserve I'll gladly do what I can to help .
And , as well as being a pleasure to work with , you ’ Ve been instrumental in helping us complete many key projects .
My feelings are mixed on the issue too . By helping you I ’ m losing a valuable and trusted employee . However I think you are taking a step in the right direction .
Have I really got to do those exams again , Dad ?
And must I go back to school ?
But Dad , I should be working full-time at my age . I ’ m nearly 17 .
What else I ’ Ve got to do ? Join the army ?
It's easy grandpa . Insert you card into the machine here . Then wait a moment . Ok . Now you enter your PIN . It should have four numbers .
You really shouldn ’ t write it down . You should memorize it . You can change it to a more convenient number if you like .
Yes . Choose the service you need to use . If you choose to withdraw money , the machine will ask you how much you want .
That's right . Give the machine a moment to process you request . Then take your money .
Well , Jim . It is a combination of how much you eat , the type of food you eat , and when you eat your meals .
That's a big mistake , you should always have a good breakfast . You will not run your car without fuel , and yet you expect your body to work without food .
I bet you eat a large evening meal , then sit and watch TV or read a book . Then instead of burning off your energy , your body stores it as fat .
Way to control is really using common sense when you plan your eating habits .
Hi , this is Monica . I was wondering when we can work on this financial report .
Shall I see you on Friday morning ?
We must find some time to read report .
That ’ s all right . Then see you on Friday afternoon .
Could you ? Thank you .
I ’ m actually here on business .
I ’ m an IT salesman .
It ’ s very interesting actually .
Thank you very much . Bye .
I need some medicine .
My younger brother . He suffers from a bad cold .
Fever and a bad cough .
What kind of medicine does he need ?
How many pills for each time ?
Thank you very much .
This is the right place . Please join us .
We are all going to have great interviews . What are some things that we need to remember in an interview ?
Right , and what about our friendliness and attitude ?
Did you know that they pay as much attention to what you ask as to what you say in an interview ?
Just relax , listen carefully to the questions , and be honest in your responses .
Yes , he has . He sold it last week .
No , not yet . He's still here . He's going to move tomorrow .
No . Tomorrow afternoon . I'll miss him . He has always been a good neighbour .
When will the new people move into this house ?
Will you see Mien today , Janey ?
Please give him my regards . Poor Mien ! He didn't want to leave this house .
Am I allowed to eat spicy food ?
Really , because spicy food is my favorite .
Sure , I would like a Coke .
Let's see , can I get some fried zucchini , please ?
No , that's it , thank you .
I would like to order my food now .
Can I get a cheeseburger and some fries ?
That's all , thank you .
I can help you with that . Do you still have your receipt ?
Oh , yes , that will help me a lot .
I'm sorry . I think we're out of this skirt in this color . Do you want me to call another one of our store to see if it's available there ?
Well , your refund total is 50 dollars .
It really is .
Hopefully it will .
I like how clear the sky gets after it rains .
I especially love the night air when it rains .
The stars look so much closer after it rains .
Yeah , so do I .
Yes , sir ! What can I do for you ?
Will you have it strong or weak ?
What's the matter with it ?
How about the tires ?
Well . Let ’ s go swimming .
Then why don ’ t we go for a walk in the hills . It ’ d be very good for us you know .
Yes , I am .
Thank you for meeting me at the airport , Steven .
Thanks . Where is our car ?
OK . Let's go .
Hi . Last month , our company , Turner Interiors of Beijing , ordered some documents under our new L / C . What I want to do is check and see if the documents have arrived yet .
Oh , dear . When do you think they will arrive ?
You can take the subway to get there .
It takes only ten minutes .
You can take No . I bus or a taxi .
Please turn right at the traffic lights .
I'd be glad to have your help . Could you make the air-conditioner cooler ?
Good idea .
Thank you . Could I have something cold to drink ?
Orange juice , please .
Yes .
One or two cubes will be OK .
I'm awfully sorry to have bothered you .
Please accept this tip .
I always do . Did you go to school today ?
You should have , but have you seen any movies lately ?
Maybe it was , but answer the question .
I want to go to see a movie this weekend .
I don't want to go alone .
No , I want to go to the movies instead .
Yes .
My name is James .
American .
I don't know him .
Because he beat me first when I tried to stop him from grabbing my bag and running away .
I stabbed his belly three times .
I knew , but I couldn't myself .
No . I didn't kill him on purpose , madam . It's him who caused the incident . I need to see my attorney .
I don't know , Doctor . I'm ill . I have a headache and a stomachache .
Well , Doctor , I . . .
Yes , I ate some cake .
Well , yes , I did . I ate some ice cream .
Well , yes , I did . I ate some candy .
weki , Doctor . I went to a birthday party .
Three , Doctor .
Gosh , Doctor . I had only three plates of ice cream.John had four .
Sure . What is it ?
We call this a ' parking meter ' .
P-a-r-k-i-n-g m-e-t-e-r .
Yes ?
It ’ s not far . Go straight on then turn right at the end of the road .
You ’ re welcome .
I have , actually ; I ’ Ve always wanted to build my dream home myself .
Well , it would be spacious and located next to a park , because a nice view is important to me .
I ’ d want it to have three bedrooms on a second floor with balconies on each , and one main bedroom on the main floor with an attached en suite . I ’ d also want a large living room and kitchen connected to each other so that there would be one large open space for people to spend time with each other .
I ’ d have one guest bathroom in the basement , one attached to the main bedroom , and one upstairs , so a total of three .
I don ’ t like a lot of clutter , so I wouldn ’ t have lots of things out . I would have a few vases on the mantel piece and some pictures of my family on the walls , but other than that , most things would be kept in closets .
I think TV is a great waste of time , so I would only have one small TV in the kitchen to watch the news in the morning .
I want to buy one to match my shirt.Can you give me some advice ?
Yes , they seem to be my size and go with my shirt quite well . I will take it .
I think it's running late .
It should be coming soon .
I can't stand riding the bus .
That is true .
Exactly.That ' s the worst part .
Yes , I agree .
Many children are learning drawing , dancing , swimming and so on in their spare time . You can follow suit .
Well , you should talk with your son and let him make his own decision .
Hi , I am sorry to say that your experience doesn't fit the job at all .
I have to say your education and experience are very outstanding , but it seems that you are not good at working in a team which we attach great importance to .
My major is Business Administration , I am especially interested in Marketing .
I attended Suzhou University .
Yes . I received my Bachelor degree in Business Administration .
Project Management . I was very interested in this course when I was a student . And I think it's very useful for my present work .
Yes , I have studied in an English training program and a computer training program since I graduated from university . I am currently studying Finance at a training school .
I passed college English Test Band - 4 , with good skill in listening , speaking , reading and writing . I haven't got any certificate of computer skills , because I don ’ t think certificates are necessary if what's needed is merely operating a computer . I think , to know how to use a computer is more important . And I'm quite familiar with Microsoft Office
That's $ 50 for a single night .
Yes , of course . Can I make a reservation for you ?
We should have it put together by the end of next week .
Well , as the saying goes – we aim to please !
Here you are.Which size do you wear ?
Of course.You look terrific in it !
Hello ?
Speaking .
Hi , Alice.How are you ?
I ’ m sorry to hear that.You ’ d better stay at home.After all , we can visit Mrs.Brown later
Bye .
Yes , What can I do for you ?
Welcome to our corporation . I'm in charge of the export business .
I'm In Hui . Do sit down , won't you ?
We'd be very glad to do so . Have you seen the exhibits displayed in the hall ?
Yes , of course . If you make an inquiry , we can make you a firm offer .
This one ?
The mirror is behind you , sir .
No , sir . It's a genuine bonnet .
Yes , sir .
I ’ d love to , but I ’ m a terrible dancer . I ’ m afraid I may step on your toes .
Thank you . I ’ ll try my best .
Oh , hi Mike . I ’ Ve been out of town the last few days . What did you need ?
Well , feel free to drop by my office any time . The door ’ s always open .
Sure , Mike , I ’ d love to .
No , that ’ s perfect . We can leave directly from here .
Thank you for saying so . I don ’ t know , probably because I like sharing my experience and knowledge with them . I think this kind of communication helps to improve our work efficiency and also helps to get along with colleagues .
That is true . Some people will misunderstand your intention and lets you do it in the long threatening way . For example , it is not sensible at all to arguing with the others or correcting someone in front of other people . To show your friendliness and willingness to share is much more important than to show off .
You ’ re welcome .
I want to have a trip to Sydney .
3 weeks
It's good . By the way , what kind of clothes do I have to bring with me ?
I know what you mean , Carol . I ’ Ve had nothing but trouble with it . They say it ’ s supposed to be easy !
Sure . Why don ’ t you sit down for a minute ? You haven ’ t taken a rest all morning .
Of course you can . I am sure this one works very well . I just sent dozens of pages . How many pages are you sending ? Are you familiar with my fax machine ?
Yes , it will print immediately .
You are in luck . We just receive a shipment of several different styles of white purses .
Yes , I believe they are . Here are something that might interest you .
Sure . Let me ring this up for you at the register . If you would like , this can be gift-wrapped for free . Just take it to the customer service department .
I don ’ t see any problem ; only the car is a bit old .
Get in .
What magazine do you want to subscribe for ?
OK , Fitness Consultant . How many subscriptions do you want ?
How long do you want the subscription for ?
Your name , please ?
I see . Please put your address here then .
650 Yuan .
Couldn't he wait until we're finished eating ?
Can you even hear what he's saying ?
Can you turn the lazy Susan for me ? I want some more chicken .
A Notice of Unemployment Insurance Award letter will be sent to you .
The Award Letter will inform you as to how much you will receive .
Every two weeks you will receive a Continued Claim Form that you must turn in .
You must show that you were available and that you looked for work .
One of the questions they ask you is if you were well enough to work .
What are you basing this information on ?
Yes , I will.We are very happy with your performance and want to continue our woodworking relationship .
Let me take this up with the Director and get back to you immediately .
Yes . There is something wrong with my watch . It stopped several hours ago .
How much is a battery ?
How long will it last ?
Here is the money .
What ’ s the rush ? You ’ re not leaving for another week .
Okay . I ’ ll bring them in tomorrow for sure .
Thank you .
Thank you very much . Mr . George . As a newcomer , I understand that you have your consideration and I am satisfied with the raise .
Thank you again . I'll keep doing my best .
Sure , Carolyn . I'm happy to help you.What kinds of things do you need right now ?
Well , as for Albert , he should go to an office supply store.There ' s a very good one called Office Depot . They have everything he will need.And their prices are good too . It's very convey
Sure , it's spelled Office and then D - E - P - O - T.It ' s in the Yellow Pages .
And as for the kitchen things , do you want very high quality ?
I mean , do you want the best quality , or do you want good prices ?
Then I suggest you go to K-Mart or Wal-Mart .
They are very large , discount department stores.That means their prices are very good.And you can find everything you need for the kitchen or bathroom .
Yes , everything.They don't have the most expensive brands , but their quality is usually decent.The main thing is , they have good prices , and they are very convenient .
I have never shopped there , but I think Price Club is a kind of membership store .
That means you have to pay a membership fee to shop there . I have heard they have very good prices on electronics .
Yes . Like stereos and televisions .
I'm not sure.But if you are only going to stay a year , I don't think Price Club is good to join.They have great deals occasionally.They are very good for people who like to buy new things all
I know how it is . Moving is very troublesome .
you know I hate shopping more than anything else in this world .
what kind of errands do we need to run ?
I ’ ll only go if we can stop at the office-license to pick up something to drink for tonight .
sounds good . You have to promise not go into any of the stores in the mall though . I know how you like to try things on in the fitting rooms , especially if the stores have special offers .
ok , let ’ s go then !
for what ?
you said you were only going to window shop !
I should have known ...
Yes .
About one day . It arrives in Dalian at 10:00 a . m . tomorrow .
Four ports .
Perhaps she makes about 25 knots an hour .
Yes . I hope it will remain fine all the way .
Then I guess you get to have a pet . Do you know what you want ?
You know who will be responsible for feeding and cleaning and all of that stuff ?
Have you figured out the costs involved with feeding and caring for it ?
Sounds like you've done your homework . I think you're ready for this .
Yes , but it takes a while to find things . It's not organized as carefully as a regular store .
Usually a clothes company will send their overstock to an outlet . The prices are very low . But you may find faulty products here too .
Yes . Sometimes the fault is very small ; if you have a needle and thread , you can fix it yourself . So it's a good deal to buy it .
Yes . You can save a lot of money in this way .
Why not buy the sweater ? It only costs 30 Yuan .
How many do you want to buy ?
You're right .
I think I ’ m very good at planning . I manage my time perfectly , so that I can always get things done on time .
Because I ’ m very competent in this area .
Yes , I work well under pressure and find it dimly . However , I believe planning and probable management of my time can reduce tight deadlines .
I don ’ t try to go ahead of people and lead them , I ’ d rather cooperate with everybody else and get the job done by working together .
Please keep calm . I know the pain isn ’ t what flesh and blood can stand . But be brave .
Yes , I have received an Engineers Qualification Certificate and a drivers license .
I have two years driving experience .
I have experience in computer operation , proficiency in Microsoft Windows , Microsoft Word and Microsoft Excel .
Visual C + + , C and Delphi .
No , but I have database programming experience and network knowledge .
I'm fine . How about yourself ?
No problem . So how have you been ?
I've been good . I'm in school right now .
I go to PCC .
It's okay . It's a really big campus .
Thank you very much .
Besides Chinese , I can speak English and French .
No , I can only carry on a simple conversation in French .
I can speak the language better than I read and write .
I think so . I used to be an interpreter .
The amount of English I know enables me to do general desk work . I believe what I know is sufficient to work in an American firm .
Sure , what ’ s up ?
Okay ... what makes you say that ? I thought you were pleased with his overall performance . Didn ’ t you just tell me last week how impressed you were with his attitude ?
Well , I ’ m sure he had a perfectly good reason ...
Yeah , but come on , Geoff , as if you don ’ t check Facebook at work . Look , you hired this guy , we ’ Ve invested a lot of time and money in his training , so now it ’ s up to you to coach him . Make it work , Geoff !
I ’ d like to book a room .
What ’ s the rate for a standard room ?
I ’ d like a standard room .
December 23rd , please .
4 days .
Nancy Brown . My phone number ’ s 709 678 5634 . Nancy Brown 。
Around 3pm .
No , that ’ s it . Thank you very much .
Is this Naomi ?
You sure sound like Naomi .
Sure . Please tell her that Andy called .
Thanks .
Yes , where's it to , madam ?
You want to send it airmail , madam ?
Oh , it runs every 20 mins . You must have missed it , when you came here . It should be here any minute now .
Yes , I do . You can go to the Transport Department to get yourself a bus schedule and a bus route map .
There is a shop on the ground floor . It sells both Chinese and foreign cigarettes .
Yes , sir . There is a counter selling all kinds of souvenirs
There is one at the end of the corridor .
You are welcome .
You are welcome . Thank you for taking time out of your busy schedule to interview me .
Yes , please . My telephone number is 2974-5328 , and you can call me at any time in the daytime .
Great . I will look forward to hearing from you . And do I need the second interview ?
Goodbye .
Not a bad idea !
Well , let me see . I'd like to go to the Great Wall , the Summer Palace , the Forbidden City and the Temple of Heaven .
Not bad . There ’ s a new English teacher .
She is beautiful .
She is quite young and her hair is blond .
Not really . Her eyes are blue .
Not much . She is very tall and slim .
Can you tell me the exact place ?
Yes . But this one is full , you have to wait for the next one .
Do you have some new perfume ?
Well , I wanna buy some new perfume .
That's all right .
Can I open it ?
It smells sweet .
Really ? How much is it ?
Ok , I will take two bottles .
No , thanks .
Of course . Turn right at the next intersection and go straight . The post office will be on your left ( side ) .
Are you having problems with it ?
Let me help you .
MI stands for Middle Initial .
That means Month / Day / Year . Use numbers .
For example , if your birth date is January 12 , 1987 , write 01/12 /8 7 .
Always print clearly , and fill in the bubbles completely .
$ 250 . It's Sony made in Japan .
OK , sir . Here you are . There is a one-year warranty .
Yes.That ' s from 6:30 to 9:00 in the dinning room .
No , it's already included in your room fare .
I'd rather have a cup of coffee .
Yes , please . Milk and two sugar .
You don ’ t have to eat them . I don ’ t mind .
No dessert for you unless you eat all of your vegetables .
You can have some fruits for dessert.If you eat an apple and a banana , I might let you have a small piece of chocolate cake .
I'll remember that for next time.You ’ ll get extra peas and carrots , but no broccoli or cauliflower , ok ?
Why not ?
We'll have to talk this over some more .
Yes , please . I'd like to make a reservation from Hong Kong to Tampa with a stopover in Houston .
I would like to leave Hong Kong September the first and leave Houston for Tampa on September the 12th .
Lily Smith .
Hong Kong side 3854295 .
Thank you .
You have gone against the traffic rules .
Do you know this is a Onaway street ?
You have to pay a fine .
Yes . I'd like to use a safety deposit box .
Let me see . I think it's OK .
Here you are .
Yes .
Thank you .
I see . Thank you .
I have to go to work .
I ’ m working at the polling place .
I work at the polling place every year .
I signed up for it online .
It ’ s a very cool job .
They pay well enough .
Awfully sorry , sir . There are no rooms available now .
Sorry , may I have your name ?
Pls wait a minute , let me check . Excuse me , but I can't seem to find your name on our list . Are you sure you have a reservation for tonight ?
I am terribly sorry . There must have been some mistakes . Let me check it again . Oh , yes , there is a name listed as Tommy Bush . It must be the fault of the clerk who registered your name . I apologize .
According to the records , your reservation is for a single room with shower and air conditioners for two nights . The room rate will be 110 dollars per night , including 10 % tax and 4 % service charge . Is this right ?
May I make a copy of your card ?
Ok , now could you fill out this registration form ?
Your room number is 707 . Here is your key . The bellhop will help you carry the suitcases to your room . Have a nice evening !
Fine . I have your letter and I've made some notes .
We have quite a lot of import and export information and can give you figures on population , consumption , production , and foreign exchange reserves .
But you're also going to have to give some attention to trade restrictions . You can get much information about environment of investment .
Okay . Everyone else's parents let them stay out until two or three in the morning .
That's absurd .
I'll be worried if you stay out late .
I can't . I've got to attend a meeting in London .
I will .
Yes , sir . I think you'll find our gym quite satisfactory .
It's only one flight down , sir . Just take the elevator or the stairs .
Sir , you can use the gym for free . All you need is your room key .
Sir , our gym is open around the clock , every day of the week .
I'm sorry , sir , but we have no trainer .
Ok , here is $ 50 . Oh , can you make out an invoice for me ?
No , I am a teacher . I teach art .
It is . You must be new here . I do my shopping here regularly , once a week .
Thank you . Nice to meet you , too .
I'm afraid you're going in the opposite direction . Go back the way you came , and take the second turn on the left . The museum is straight ahead , right in front of you .
Well , it's about fifteen minutes ' walk .
You may take a No . 34 bus . And the subway can also take you there .
My pleasure .
I like Chinese food .
We have a lot of Chinese restaurants in America .
Well done .
Excellent job .
I'm very impressed .
Congratulations . You should be very proud of yourself .
Yes , it will .
Yeah , I take this bus all the time .
It's about thirty minutes long .
There's a bus stop right behind Macy's .
There's a bus stop in the mall parking lot .
Absolutely .
Terrible .
Someone robbed my apartment last week . The robber took $ 550 .
No .
My English isn't very good . I didn't know what to say to them .
How often do you service the vans ?
I see . What does the service involve ?
Can you carry out major repairs here ?
We still have more to go , I think .
You're right .
I don't think so .
Maybe we did miss our stop .
I'm positive that we missed our stop .
My mistake .
Have I really got to do those exams again , Dad ?
And must I go back to school ?
But Dad , I should be working full-time at my age . I'm nearly 17 .
What else I've got to do ? Join the army ?
Of course . What would you like ?
I'm so sorry . We ran out of filet mignon . May I suggest the porterhouse instead ?
May I be so bold as to suggest chocolate-covered strawberries with the champagne ?
No strawberries . We'll charge your amenities account , if that's okay .
Your meal will be delivered as soon as it's all ready . Enjoy !
It's all in the bag .
I need that to relax . I'm going to put a few drops in my bath water .
They all have essence of flowers in them .
You are in the right place . Please come on in !
It ’ s going to come together just fine . Trust me !
We start at the top with our name and contact information . Make sure the information is current .
Put your job experience first , if that is more impressive than your education .
Yes , that would make a good ending for your resume .
Something awful happened . We went to the Portobello Road , and someone stole my handbag .
No . Only a few pounds . But my passport was in the bag . That ’ what I ’ m really worry about .
I ’ d better go tomorrow .
No . I couldn ’ t find a policeman .
Yes . I ’ ll do it tomorrow .
Yes ?
Yes , sir . We have a fine exercise facility .
You're actually standing above it . Just take the elevator or stairs down one level .
No , sir . There's no extra charge . All you need is your room key to open the door .
Sir , you'll be pleased to know that our gym never closes .
We might be getting one in the near future . But at the present time , no .
I need to finish my research paper .
Honey , I am sorry I have no time .
I am afraid you are right . Recently , even going upstairs makes me out of breath .
Terrific ! It is also a good exercise to keep me fit .
OK , I'll go .
Sure .
What ? Why ?
Like what ? I think that by doing something like that we would be isolating our children from social interaction .
I think neither your parents or mine would agree to such an idea .
Good luck with that !
All this is thanks to the efforts of my superiors and colleagues .
I just did what I should have done .
Thank you for your compliments . I will try even harder to repay the company and your support .
Thanks for saying so .
He is at the warehouse this morning .
Sorry , I have no idea . You can call him there if you like .
No , I assure you .
Ok .
Of course .
I'll see . I will if I can but I won't promise .
Yes . But only if you ask me nicely .
Ok . I'll keep my promise .
I usually put them into my bank account . I think that is a little secure , though the interest rate is low now .
Have you invested in the stock market before ?
But that is a little risky , you know .
Of course ! I remember he has a part-time job as a stock analyst .
Hi , Steven .
I ’ m very well , Thank you . And you ?
He ’ s fine , Thanks . How ’ s Emma ?
Nice to see you , too , Steven . Goodbye .
Steven , are you talking to me ?
I was thinking about the accident I saw in the morning . I was petrified when two cars collided . I witnessed the traffic accident .
A driver died instantly . The other one was badly hurt . A poor boy called Peter was killed in the accident too .
I think both . They drove too fast . What's worse , one of them was drunk .
I don ’ t understand . Maybe they feel they are okay and driving fast seems very cool .
Oh , how do you to Mr . White ? My name is Li Ming , here is my card .
We share the same desire . Have you seen the display of our products in the exhibition hall downstairs ?
Sure , we can . You know , we are been in the line for more than twenty years , and I think our price are competitive comparing with those in the world market .
Thank you for your information , we can hold more talks later on business details .
How do you do , Mr . James ? Thank you for asking me to come in .
Thank you .
Thank you .
No problem , of course ! How much would you like to spend to impress the lady ?
Sir , the restaurant you seek is right here . This hotel has a three-star restaurant .
Gramercy Tavern is at least as good as our own hotel restaurant . Plus , they have live jazz .
Right away , sir . She will be impressed with your local knowledge .
Which date would that be ?
I'm afraid our hotel is fully booked on that night . Is it possible for you to change your reservation date ?
We might have cancellations . Could you call us again some other day ?
I'm very sorry , sir , but we are unable to do that . We would appreciate it very much if you could call us instead .
Yes , I would like to .
I ’ m looking for a sweater for my wife . Tomorrow is her birthday . And I know she needs a woolen sweater .
It feels good . Are there cowl-neck pullovers with the same color ? My wife prefers a turtleneck to a V-shaped collar .
Size one . By the way , what if I bring home this sweater and my wife doesn ’ t like it ?
All right . Could I have it gift-wrapped , please ?
I have always enjoyed flying . And I am good with people .
Yes , I can adjust to anything .
I am also calm under pressure and trained in first aid .
Thank you . It has always been my dream to be a stewardess .
I'd like to speak to someone in your Accounts Department , please .
Yes , please . My name's Michael Caxton from one of your customers — Rosedale Investments .
No , it's Caxton .
Rosedale Investments .
It's R , O , S , E , D , A , L , E .
It's about an invoice which is wrong .
Um ... yes ... it's 856674 / ros .
That's right .
Thank you very much .
It's nice , but still too expensive . Can you give me a 20 % discount ?
Come on . Let's split the difference , 15 % .
We've taken on a civil engineer on a nine-month temporary contract . He'll oversee the whole project . In fact we're having a project meeting at 3 p . m this afternoon allocate responsibilities and finalise the time schedule . Why don't you join us ?
Are you kidding ? The train leaves in an hour . Where did you put it ?
Is it in the other pocket ?
Let's go to the inquiry desk first to check whether anyone has got it and turned it in .
Of course ! How much would you like to spend on your meal ?
Well , how about our own hotel restaurant ? It's conveniently located and has a three-star rating .
Well , how about Gramercy Tavern ? It's a very popular tourist spot , with great food and music .
Of course , sir . You've made a good choice .
What's the rush ?
I'm not ready to get off the phone with you .
What is it that you need to do ?
I'm not being nosey , it's just a question .
That was mean to say .
I guess .
Monica , wait a moment . I think we ’ d better call the repairman to do it .
I ’ d like you to have a look at the safety manual of our company .
Other company rules also need your attention .
Never wear loose clothes or hair when operating the shredder .
Don ’ t mention it .
Yes , I have two large suitcases and one box .
No , thank you.They are already tagged with my name and address .
Good , I have my backpack and my camera tripod .
Both my items will fit under the seat or in the overhead bin .
I cannot let anything happen to that tripod.Can you guarantee it will not be damaged if I check it in ?
Good idea . I will ask the stewardess to help me store my tripod .
I'm sorry to hear that.Did you check your shoulder bag carefully ?
I'm afraid you can't .
Oh , I see . I'll call the manager , then .
That's all right .
Let me check . It has a paper jam .
Be careful , the cartridge can be very hot .
Yes . My name is Charles .
It's very kind of you .
Bring me the menu , please .
She might like a laptop computer .
Might I suggest a Mac ?
Well , a 15 - inch Pro is $ 2,100 .
Great . How would you like to pay for it ?
Let me ring you up . Okay , sign here , please .
It'll take her only a few minutes to get online .
So long . Thank you for shopping here .
Sorry , sir , in order to protect these paintings , taking photos are strictly forbidden here .
I am really sorry for that .
It ’ s nice to meet you , too , Ms . Green . This company seems so big right now ; I don ’ t know how I ’ ll ever get used to it .
Great – That ’ ll be big help .
No , I haven't . I've decided I ' m going to travel very light this time .
Oh ! It means that I'm going to take only a few clothes , so I didn't have to carry a heavy suitcase .
I'm not sure . I can't agree , dan .
Surely , there are other ways to save money .
Yes . I am thinking of a tour to Australia .
That's really cheap . What are the fees included ?
OK , I will take the tour .
I am the apartment manager . How can I help you ?
I haven't rented it out yet . Would you like to see it ?
How about today at 6 p . m . ?
Very good . We'll meet at 6 . Do you need directions ?
If you're interested , you can fill out an application form .
No . The only thing I need to see is your driver's license .
don ’ t worry . I don't think you ’ re going to lose your job over one mistake .
but it wasn ’ t just you who was involved , right ? You were only doing what your supervisor told you to do .
let ’ s think realistically about what might happen . How much money do you have in your savings ?
well , that ’ s good . If you lose your job , you can just move in with me until you find another job . That will save you plenty of money .
if you lose your job , you just have to go for a few months without buying all the junk you usually buy . If you live frugally , you ’ ll save plenty of money .
It ’ s hard to say.Just so-so .
What's the hardware ?
That's seems obvious enough.then what about the software ?
I see , actually the hardware is the easy part , I do want to study how to use the software .
Ever since I saw computer can do your project , I wanted to have a computer .
Hi , Lucy , are you free to talk ?
Sure , speak to you later . It isn ’ t urgent . Maybe it is easier if I send you an e-mail .
Sorry , he has just gone out now . Can I take a message for you ?
OK , I got it .
I've just had some money sent from Germany , in Euros .
I have my passport right here , and here are the account details . The name , number ...
That was quick ! I didn't expect it to come through so quickly . Yes , that is good news . The full amount should be 20,000 Euros , is that right ? I'd like to withdraw 5,000 Euros worth of local currency , if that's possible .
Let me just get five more minutes of sleep .
I understand , but all I want is five more minutes of sleep .
Trust me . I'm going to wake up .
I already know , and I'll take care of all that when I wake up .
I'll make it to school on time . Don't worry .
I really appreciate that .
Oh , four or five . How much is the rent for this apartment ?
150 ? No , I'm not really interested in this place . It isn't big enough . It isn't near enough to my office .
Oh , how high class ! So you just wear it forever ?
Is it dry yet ?
They look fake .
Same here . Hey , did you know Susan is going to get married . She invited me to her wedding and she wants you to attend also .
Definitely . I'm calling to tell you this .
She tried , but the line is always busy .
Of course . It's 555-4653 .
Pretty good . I've just bought a new house .
In the suburb . How are you and Carol ? Still living in town ?
Okay . Don't forget to call Susan .
No .
I got robbed !
Some guy on the street just mugged me .
No , he just stole all of my things .
I need to go to the police station .
That would be great . Thank you .
Come in please .
The toilet doesn't flush .
Wonderfull.Thanks a lot .
( while shaking hands ) I am Zhang Wei , nice to meet you , sir .
Thank you . Have you received my resume ?
Of course , here you are , sir .
Certainly , it would be my pleasure , Mr . Smith .
You peel the onions and wash them , then chop them .
Let me see . Wash the cabbage over there .
What is your father doing now ?
How about Daniel ?
Be careful of the peeler . Don't cut your fingers .
OK , we've finished . Can you get your father and brother ?
The work is rather hard , but it's interesting .
I work in a publishing house . How about you ?
What do you do then ?
Just plug the Ethernet cable into your computer , and you'll be off and running .
In that case , let me tell you about some alternatives .
For starters , we have a computer lab .
The lab is completely free . But you do have to pay a dime a page for printing .
Just bring your laptop down here to the lobby . We're set up for wireless right here .
Unfortunately , you'll have to go to the computer lab for your printing needs .
Yeah , get off the bus .
I'm really not sure .
I don't think this is right .
Yeah , we did get off too early .
I messed up .
You want to wait for the next bus ?
Is it urgent ? Our ambulances are not enough to meet every call .
All right , we'll come right away .
He's there in the room . He's very ill .
Carry him into the emergency ward . Here we are .
( after a while ... ) I'm his guide . What's the trouble with him , doctor
May I send food for him ?
Can I come round to see him tomorrow ?
Yes . Thank you .
OK .
When could I take care of him ?
could you show me where the Chinese-style clothing is located ? I want to buy a silk coat .
oh , they look nice . May I try that back one on ?
do you have a medium in the same color ? This one is a little tight .
ok , let me try it on . what do you think ?
really ? I'll take it , and I'm leaving here tomorrow . Is it possible for you to send one in black to me by mail when you gte it in ?
thanks . Who much would that come to ?
I heard that there are some beauty spots and places of historical interest in this city .
That's great . I trouble you so much . Thank you very much .
OK , let ’ s go .
We ’ re in the last stretch of this very exciting race , and Kimmi Rikknen is leading the pack with only four laps to go ! They are heading to turn three and Lewis Hamilton tries to pass Rikknen ! It ’ s a close one and , oh no ! Hamilton hits the wall !
The cleanup crew is towing the heavily damaged car and the green flag drops ! Rikknen is still in the lead with only two laps to go !
How unlucky for Rikknen , and this race is over ladies and gentlemen , Alonso takes the checkered flag !
eyes , you sent them to New York , right ?
What did you have in mind ?
We have plenty of postcards to choose from here . The same designs can be found on these posters .
Yes , we do . They're on the wall behind you .
The prices are clearly marked on the back of each mask . Would you like me to get one down for you to look at ?
Here you go .
Are you looking for some homemade chocolate as a gift ?
We've got plenty to choose from here .
Thank you , yes . I'm not sure how to use this ATM , I usually go to a clerk and use my Bank Book . But today , I thought I'd try something new . I want to take some money out .
Thanks so much . Right , I've put my card in . What now ?
Then it'll give me my money ?
Here we are ' withdrawal ' , so I just press here ?
Oh , as simple as that ! I shall never wait for a real person again , these machines are wonderful .
Are there many accidents in the city every day ?
Please drive slowly , we've got lots of time . Safety first .
I don ’ t know who placed the call . However , the call was from Toronto .
Sure . 416-790-1256 .
You ’ re welcome .
You haven't heard about it ?
This truck flipped over on the 210 .
I'm telling you the truth .
Two people were injured .
I think so .
Yes , they were lucky .
I have accumulated a wealth of practical experience in work as a chief advertisement designer . Moreover , I realized teamwork is the key to success .
I think building team spirit among the coworkers is very important . I believe we can accomplish a miracle if we stick together .
My advantage is that I have strong sense of responsibility . But I lack patience .
I will listen and learn more when I start my new job . I plan to become more professional in my field .
Thanks for your compliment , but there is still plenty more to learn .
Yes , I'd like to rent a car .
An automatic sedan .
About a week .
Outlets have cheap cashmere sweaters .
Outlets usually give you great deals .
You're welcome .
right now ?
i think i'll be a little afraid .
afraid of making a mistake .
all right . i'll give it a try .
License and registration please . Have you been drinking tonight , sir ?
Step out of the vehicle , please . Sir , what do you have in the back ?
Don ’ t take that tone with me . Do you have an invoice for these items ?
You are under arrest , sir . You have the right to remain silent . You better not pout , you better not cry . Anything you say can and will be used against you . You have the right to an attorney , if you cannot afford one , the state will appoint one for you .
You could get him a tie .
Why not ?
Well , you can buy him a pet iguana then .
He would think you were crazy , Caroline .
How much do you want to spend ?
Alright , I have an idea.You know he carries that conservative-looking briefcase every day .
Well , he isn't a lawyer , so I don't think he needs to have a briefcase like that .
I think he would appreciate having a very fine leather bag.But more like a workbag or shoulder bag.You know , not so hard and square like a briefcase .
I don't think this mall has a leather goods store.So we have to go to State Street .
We can buy something for Mom and Dad here , and then go buy Uncle Teddy's gift on State Street .
She said she wants one of those automatic foot massagers . I think they sell them at Sears .
How about the iguana ?
A tie ?
I was just kidding .
Yes . I am sure I can . I was an English major in college .
Russian is my second foreign language and I excelled the rest of my class in Russian because my father is a Russian .
Of course , sir ... Here's the minutes of the meeting .
The meeting was delayed by thirty minutes and it lasted for two and a half hours .
Yes , I told him that you were very ill and couldn't attend .
Yes , I did . Besides , here are all the reports and materials handed out in the meeting . I think you'll have to do some replies .
No , they didn't . The chairman said he would send a memo to all managers by the end of this week informing them of the date of the next meeting .
I'm sorry . He's not in right now .
He should be back in ten minutes . Could 1 you call back later ?
I ’ m playing with my toys , Dad .
my friend and her fiance had a really good idea . They have cut out pictures from catalogues and pasted them in a notebook . The picture are of things they want . People sign their name b
most of the things were household appliance . You know , everything from an iron through a vacuum cleaner to a cooker . I think it ’ s an excellent way for everyone who knows the couple to help
I bought a sewing machine . I know that my friend likes making her own clothes , but her current sewing machine is quite old and has some problems .
she says that after several years of use , it ’ s not working properly . When she uses it , it makes a funny noise .
I think it ’ s because the manufactures are constantly bringing out new models . Because they know that we will buy the new models , the appliances don ’ t need to last more than five or ten year
Hi , I am just looking .
What year is it ?
How about the mileage ?
What do you mean 7B
Oh , why such a high mileage ?
Okay . Does this car have a warranty ?
How do I make sure I am not buying a junk ?
How much is it ?
I'll have to think about it .
Okay .
I'm very glad you could come , Mr . Liu . Will you take a seat at the head of the table ? It's an informal dinner , please don't stand on ceremony ... Mr . Liu , would you like to have some chicken ?
Generally speaking , Cantonese food is a bit light ; Shanghai food is rather oily ; and Hunan dishes are very spicy , having a strong and hot taste .
Mr . Liu , would you care for another helping ?
Did you enjoy the meal ?
I'm so glad you like it .
Why , what's the lowdown ?
I have no idea there was that great of deviation between the two venues ... To make our products sell , we have to take the target audience into account .
Until when ?
No problem .
Yes , I'm going to Europe on business and I need to purchase some Traveller's Cheques .
I think Euros will be the best , as I'll only be in Mainland Europe .
5,000 Euros will be sufficient , thanks .
That would be perfect , thank you .
No , we used to be on an industrial estate on the outskirts of York .
We needed larger premises so we moved to this greenfield site last year . It's nearer the motorway so it's better for transportation .
What kind of account do you want to open ?
Do you know the minimum balance you ’ re required to keep ?
You have to maintain a minimum balance of $ 100 .
Yes , really .
You will be fined .
It ’ s going to cost you $ 25 .
I don't have any money to buy you a burrito .
Look , I only have money to buy myself a burrito .
If you're so hungry , why don't you ask someone else for money ?
Well , I guess on Friday , then you can eat .
Why don't you just go home and eat ?
Well , I guess you're out of luck .
I'd like a hamburger and a cup of coffee.My room number is 402 .
Thank you .
sure , but I don't drink much . So I don't know what to order .
it sounds good . I'd like to start with a Compare .
stirred will be fine .
thanks . Does the bar have a signature drink ?
can you recommend one ?
it sounds interesting . I'll take one .
it tastes great .
yeah .
How big , Elizabeth ? Last time you said that , I ended up working overtime 3 nights in a row !
All right , Elizabeth . But this is the last time .
Sure . What's your room number , sir ?
A minute , please . It's 6212 yuan all together . Tax included .
Sure . Can I have your passport , please ?
Thanks . Are you satisfied with your stay here with us , sir ?
Sure . It will be taken care of , sir . Which flight do you take ?
Got it , sir . It'd be great to see you again , sir .
If you want to speed up your system , you ’ Ve got to clean it up first .
You need to free your disk space . The simplest way is to use a Disk-Cleanup tool to remove temporary files and in store programs that you no longer use . Things should be fine next time you start . You also need to control what starts up . There is a program calls Start-up Delayer , It can help to set after how much time programs should be loaded after Windows boosts . For example , you can choose to set your Fox Mail program to load 30 seconds after Windows starts up .
Yes , of course.The dressing room is over there .
let ’ s start with you . How was yours ?
did you get to leave early then ?
it was nice of your boss to give you an option . My boss would never do that .
it was horrible ! It was just one thing after another .
I ’ m fine . But I have bad news .
I got sacked today .
well , I was late to work today . It was the third time I was late this week .
only about 5 minutes .
my boss is really picky about that . He never arrives late , usually works over-time , and always gets his work done on time .
That's right .
I did reporting for the university newspaper in my school.And I always be very interested in journalism .
I study the administration.Yes.But I'm more attracted to writing articles . I want to use my knowledge of business to write financial news .
I know that starting reporters work many hours . I'm very willing to take on the challenge .
What ’ s going on ?
Is there any water damage ?
I ’ ll go to your apartment tomorrow to fix the pipe .
I ’ ll just do it myself .
You ’ re right about that .
That ’ s fine .
Drop in if you're free.Bye for now !
What can I do for you ?
Here you are . Take one at a time .
You are welcome .
I have a headache . These past few days I've been living off painkillers . Man , I feel like my head is going to explode .
The results are too slow . On top of that , just the thought of smoking needles poking into my flesh frightens me .
But I get scared the moment I see a needle . How could I stand having needles in my body for hours on end ?
Scraping is too terrifying . When they finish scrapping , your body is all red , as if you were just tortured . Cupping is the same , your body ends up with red circles all over . It looks like someone beat you up .
Chinese medicine is strange . The patients are already ill , and then the doctor makes them suffer more .
Forget it . I don't want to inflict any more pain on myself . In a little while I'll go and buy some more painkillers and take a nap .
$ 135 .
I'm sorry , sir.The price is fixed .
Here you are .
Yes , one box .
OK . By the way , can you tell me how many kilos of free baggage each passenger is allowed ?
First-class .
How many pieces of baggage can I carry on to the plane ?
If my baggage exceeds the allowance , what should I do ?
I see . Thank you very much for your information .
Goodbye !
It depends .
Yes.What can I do for you ?
I am sorry.sir.We will send someone immediately .
I was born and grew up in hebes Province . I moved to Beijing , where I started taking courses for my MBA . When I completed my degree , I was offered an opportunity working for a financial services company . I've worked there for eight years .
I was assigned a project to design a 360 - degree performance system . It was a challenge for a person with a finance background . I met with the technical people and discussed the possibilities and obstacles . Based on that information , I selected a team and created a spreadsheet to manage the project . We got the project done on schedule . I was rewarded for outstanding results and was able to share the honors with the team .
For the past eight years , I have been working in the banking industry . I have a solid understanding of accounting concepts , an analytical mind and a strong attention to detail . I've had a lot of customer service training and experience , and I have been told that I excel in this area .
They'd say I was a handworker and a real team player .
I really need more information about the job before we start to discuss salary . I'd like to postpone that decision until later .
Then you must hurry up.There ' s only ten minutes left .
We're redecorating our living room .
First , we're going to change the curtains , then we're going to paint the walls .
Pale yellow .
We're going to put in some new furniture .
To cancel your reservation , I need your name , phone number , and date of trip , please .
I see your reservation on my computer . Let me just cancel it , and you'll be all set !
You're welcome .
Yes , of course . I'll take it .
I like it .
I really appreciate your offer , but I have to decline it , because I have already taken another job which I prefer to work in .
I will . Thank you .
I'll have a hamburger .
No , just tomatoes , please . And large fries .
A small cola .
Apple pie is my favorite dessert .
Sure , let's take a look at the menu first .
yes , we can look at the computer and computer menu at the same time . And this will help us understand both better .
Right now I'll teach you to open files , save files and copy files . Are you ready ?
Let's order something to eat . What are you in the mood for ?
OK . How about some fried spring rolls and squid balls , some pork skins , and some beer !
You could get there this way , but it'd be faster to go along the Wort Street .
Turn right at the third intersection , you'll see the street and then walk along the street to the south .
Just walk for a few minutes , you'll find it .
Yes . I've read it carefully .
No . But the contract stipulates that I will teach 22 hours a week.Will you have thatmany classes for me right away ?
But my salary will be 1100 dollars a month.Will you pay me that much for the first month ? Because , I mean , I won't be working so many hours .
Oh , so I don't sign the contract today . Is that right ?
I can accept that .
Even my health insurance ?
I have a few questions about the free membership .
Is my membership the same as paying club members ? I mean , can I get discounts at club hotels ?
What are bar vouchers ?
But according to the contract , employees get a discount in the restaurant .
So , for now , you want me to keep a copy of the contract.But we won't sign it yet . That right ?
I understand.And according to the terms on the contract , I am happy to accept this job . I look forward to it .
Yes . But I am afraid it is too thick to wear in summer .
How much is it ?
OK , that is reasonable . I will take it .
I think I am who you are looking for . You have got to be Rubin .
Rubin ! Karen and Mike have spoken about you so often that I feel like I've met you before .
They only said wonderful things about you . You did a good job of finding me .
Yes , I guess it was a choice of me or the pigeons !
Lunch sounds great ! Let's head on out !
Follow this road and turn right at the second intersection . It'll be right there .
No , it should only take you about 15 minutes by foot .
Yes . I could use a cup of coffee .
French toast sounds good . What are you going to order ?
I agree . I ’ ll look in the paper .
Here ’ s an interesting ad
The ad says $ 325 plus deposit .
It ’ s available now , and it ’ s got a very good location . You won ’ t be far from work .
Escrow involves a lot of paperwork , but I will explain all of the steps to you as we go along .
The only thing I will need to see is your driver ’ s license , as I will be notarizing these papers .
Don ’ t worry about how many papers there are . We are going to look at them one at a time .
Please get any outside help that you need in understanding your escrow documents .
At the close of escrow , the house will be yours !
Sure . How do you like your meal today ?
I am glad you like it . Welcome next time .
I need to report a missing Bank Card and Book .
Well , the account's in my name . Patrick Dean , that's D-E-A-N . The account number is 15273478841 . There was about 20,000 RIB inside .
OK , it's 672910 .
Sure , go ahead .
Sure , I can take you there actually .
It's fine . I was heading there anyway .
Yes.If you don ’ t mind sharing room , there ’ s one available .
$ 30.00 a week .
I ’ m on my way out now.Could you come back in an hour ?
I ’ ll have the kung PAO chicken , please .
Just some fried rice please .
No , thanks .
Yes . Could you tell me how to send some money to someone with an account with a bank in Germany ?
Which is the best way ?
$ 800 .
How long does it take ?
I don't know . Can I send it more quickly ?
And how long do those take ?
I see . How can I pay by Telegraphic Transfer ?
But I ’ Ve never been on a business trip before !
So the company will pay for everything ?
That sounds good . But what do you want me to do there ?
Thanks , doc . I ’ Ve got a really bad toothache ! I can ’ t eat anything , and look , my face is all swollen . I think it might be my wisdom tooth .
Is it gonna hurt ?
Ok , spit .
Well , let me see . Now it's 11:00 sharp . It's a long way to go.If I take the shortest route , we may come across a traffic jam.If I take a less heavy route , it will save us 10 or more minutes , but you'll have to pay more . Which do you prefer ?
Generally speaking , we can if we go at this speed and nothing unexpected happens .
Compared to the shortest route , you may pay around 5 Euro more .
OK ... Here we are . We'll turn left at this cross . To go straight ahead is the shortest route .
Weigh ? It must be a greatest Chinese invention . I've tried hard to learn it . Its rules can't be any simpler , but I've never won a game of Go . Well , it's all Greek to me !
I heard it is included in the four major arts of China , is it ?
I know it is quite different from Western chess .
But isn't it the same with wiki ?
I only wish it were this time yesterday .
Perhaps we ought to get dressed and have breakfast . We'd feel better .
Perhaps I'd better ring the police ...
Thank you .
Yes , I do .
Yes , it's Mr . Brown .
Oh , this is just fine .
Thank you .
Nice to meet you , too .
I recently graduated from college as an English major .
Admittedly , I don't . But I still beg you to give me an opportunity , and I'm willing to learn with my best effort .
I have got a Business English Certificate and a Certificate of TEM 8 .
I got professional training in this field , and I believe I can fit the position well .
I have taken some courses in college , such as translation , business English , and so on . So I have a good mastery of both spoken and written English
Your approval would be my honor .
You know I hate shopping more than anything else in this world .
What kind of errands do we need to run ?
I'll only go if we can stop at the office-license to pick up something to drink for tonight .
Sounds good . You have to promise not go into any of the stores in the mall though . I know how you like to try things on in the fitting rooms , especially if the stores have special offers .
Ok , let's go then !
For what ?
You said you were only going to window shop !
I should have known ...
Just what are you proposing ?
That's a big change from 25 % ! 10 % is beyond my negotiating limit . Any other ideas ?
Sure . I have to talk to my office anyway . I hope we can find some common ground on this .
I hope so , Dana . My instructions are to negotiate hard on this deal , but I'm trying very hard to reach some middle ground .
Dana . I can't bring those numbers back to my office , they'll turn it down flat .
Hello . I'm here to get my salary .
No problem .
I think just 3,000 RIB will be enough .
Yes . This is the first time I've come here . Could you please tell me something about it ?
Thank you for telling me about this . What should I do here ?
OK . How about after the shower ?
That sounds comfortable .
Can I have a look at your handworks ?
You have quite a range , haven't you ?
They are all produced in China , aren't they ?
Could you please select me one ?
Oh , I like it very much . How much does it cost ?
OK . I'll take it .
Yes , Mr . Emory ?
I thought they had already agreed to everything . That ’ s going to take weeks to rework .
May I make a reservation ?
The four of us will be there at 7:00 this evening .
I am sorry , sir , it's for 4 persons to have . I think it's too large for you .
Sorry , sir . We have never done that before .
May I have your name and room number ?
OK.sir . Please go upstairs . Someone will open the door for you .
Please to meet you Mrs Chen . My name is Joy . Welcome to the hotel . Here is the keys , registration slips and breakfast description . Breakfast will be served from seven tomorrow morning . Is there any change of your schedule ?
And we arrange a morning call at seven thirty . Is that be fine ?
Please put your luggage outside your room by eight . The bail-boy will pick them up .
Thank you very much . I hope you enjoy your stay .
Trust me . Everything will go well .
Is this about the Sales Assistant position ?
Mr wilson is on the line right now . Please have a seat . He'll be right with you .
Can I get you something , coffee , tea ?
Nothing really . How about you ?
Well , that's cool .
I'm busy this Friday . I'm sorry .
I'm having dinner with my family
I'll make sure and come to your next party .
I'll be there .
Yes . Here you are .
By the way , please have these suits pressed .
You really do a good job .
Let's see . From here , you have to take the 278bus .
You should get off at the first Shi Da stop .
You're new at this , huh ?
No , it's quite simple . When you get on , just ask the bus driver when to pay the fare and where you want to get off .
Only 15 NT per section . Oh look , that is your bus .
Don't mention it .
Yes , it's straight ahead around the corner .
Oh , yes . May I sit on the grass ?
Yes , I can see it.But what's on it ?
Well , there's a bench under the tree.We can sit there .
Why not ?
Yes , I would like to check in .
Yes , my name is Carol Tiang . That's spelled J - I - A - N - G .
No , I don't have it with me.But I know I have a reservation . My husband made it for me last month .
C - A - R - O - L . Carol .
No , that's not me . My name is Tiang , not Larson . My husband reserved for me .
His name is Lin , L - I - N .
Miss , I know he made this reservation for me .
I'm rather hungry now .
Please give me a piece of pie first .
Beef , please .
Coffee , please .
Only black coffee .
Yeah , I ’ Ve been meaning to talk to you about that . I might need to ask for an extension on that deadline .
Well , the thing is , we ran into a lot of problems . . .
I know , and I apologize for the delay . But some things were just beyond my control . I had trouble booking the photographer , and then Michael was sick for three weeks , so I couldn ’ t include him in the photos , and the design team lost all the files , so I had to re-do the pictures .
Hold on a second please . I'm sorry . He has gone out .
He will be back at about seven o'clock .
Yes , certainly .
All right . I'll tell him when he comes back .
Yes , I'd like to change some money to cover my expenses here . What's today's rate of US dollar against the RIB yuan ?
$ 200 altogether .
Here it is . And how much RIB shall I get ?
That's correct . Thank you very much .
Here you are.It ' s 90 yuan , miss .
20 percent is the best discount I can offer . That will came to 72yuan .
Thanks , Miss . I want you to see our new stock of brocade satin , a splendid line , just came in .
I'll just have this all wrapped up for you .
$ 60 .
Yes , the shoes on that shelf are on sale now . They are much cheaper .
Have you any package tour to Italy ?
How long does the route No . 5 last ?
We have just 10 days for the vacation .
I wish to buy a diamond ring .
I want five carats .
No , it seems too old-fashioned to my fiancee .
It seems too small for me , haven't you got any larger ones ?
Oh , this one is perfect .
Yes . We don ’ t give bonus every month , but we offer semi-annual bonuses .
Yes . Commission will be given on the basis of your sales revenue . And the percentage will be 2 % of your total revenue .
Hello , I want confirm my flight . My name is Jesse .
June loth .
Yes , thanks . By the way , what time do I have to start check-in ?
No , are there any vacant beds for us ?
Just an ordinary one , six people living in a room .
3 days .
What's the minimum quantity of an order for your goods ?
No problem . We want a minimum of 1,000 dozen of men's shirts and a minimum of 3,000 dozen of embroidered shirts . Can you guarantee continuous production and adequate supply ?
And for such a big quantity , you should give us a discount .
That's great .
I'm sorry , sir . Exactly what is the problem ?
I'm so sorry , sir . We'll give you a new room immediately , and give you a refund also .
Sir , we always try to please our guests .
Oh ... Um ... I don't think so . you know the halogen lighting is much more expensive than your track lighting system . Plus I'm going to have to call in some guys to install it for you . That's not going to come cheap .
It doesn't matter because we will still have to call the electrician out , and they are union labor . It'll cost you a pretty penny ...
Mumm , I estimate it'll run in the neighborhood of ... $ 500 per light .
It is , I'll tell you why . We'll have to call in the electrician , he's going to charge overtime now because it's already 5PM , and it will probably take him an hour a light . Plus , the halogen lights take more electricity , so your electrical cost is going to be higher as well .
No , that's the cost , and that's what it's going to cost us . We can't go in the hole with this . I am giving you my best price , so take it , or leave it .
I'm glad you like it . The bell is on the bedside . Just ring if you want anything . The room attendant speaks a little English . So I don't think you'll have any trouble .
I think so . Here it is . It's by the basin .
Yes , it is .
They think you are just a child .
Maybe you are right . Well , you can talk with them .
Oh , good ! You know , I am looking at my plate and I ordered scrambled eggs , not fried .
I can just trade with him , thank you .
I am sorry , but I think I ordered waffles .
Just please take my pancakes to trade for waffles . While I am waiting , I will eat my bacon and eggs .
I would appreciate that .
Hello , there . I'd like to know about Clean Collection . My company in the US is going to send me a cheque . It's for my wages , but I'm not too sure about how to cash it here .
Is there any way we can speed it up ?
Yes , show me your tickets please .
The train is driving after ten minutes .
It's over there . Have a good trip .
Yes , I am interested in finding a one-bedroom apartment near Washington Square .
Oh , good . Can you describe it ?
So is there a refrigerator ?
It sounds great . How much is the rent ?
When can I see it ?
Ok , that would be great .
Hi there . I'd like to draw some cash from my Fund Account at the Securities Company . Could I check my balance before I withdraw anything ?
I'd like 20,000 RIB , please . If that's possible .
Good morning , Miss Mandy . How are you today ?
Have you got a sore throat , too ?
Yes , I see . Go home to bed and take one of these pills every three hours .
Sure Tracy , let me just get my laptop .
Um , Tracy ? I think that ' s a little too formal . I know you want to be polite but you've already made contact with them , so in English you can be more relaxed in the opening ...
Okay Tracy , now it's too relaxed ! You've still got to show some respect . How about starting with " Dear Ms . Cooper , I'm writing to confirm ... ?
That's great ...
Woo , okay , back up a second , Tracy . That's too direct . Can I suggest you say , please note that final payment is due two working weeks before publication ? You don't want to offend her .
Mmmm , maybe , but I'd play it safe and just finish with " Yours Sincerely " . That's more professional .
Hi , I'm calling from Nika Corporation . We would like to hold a business lunch at the restaurant .
There will be about 18 people .
Is there an extra charge to reserve the room ?
That's great . I'd like to go ahead and reserve the room , then , for Friday , December 2 , at around noon . This is a retirement party and we'd like to bring a cake for the guest of honor and some bottles of champagne . Will that be acceptable ?
Oh , that's fine .
Sure . I'm J McQuillin and my number is 323-555-6840 , extension 42 .
Sounds good . Thanks for your help .
Yes , show me your ticket and passport please .
No problem . Wish you a nice trip .
One bottle of perfume and a watch .
In Boston .
Oh ... I go to see my sister twice a year or so .
Nearly ten years .
I can't remember , but I've got the receipt somewhere . Would you like to see it ?
Yes . Does that mean I'll have to pay duty on it ?
Ok . Here you are . Is that all right now ?
Yes , I did . I had a fine time .
Could you tell me something about safety deposit box rental , please ? I need somewhere safe to keep some insurance documents ; I just simply don't feel comfortable keeping them at home or in the office .
I think I'll go for the smallest , as it's just for documents . Will I be the only key holder ? I'd perhaps feel a little nervous if I knew someone else could have access to it at any time .
That's great ; I can give an extra key to my wife . I feel perfectly comfortable with her having a key . Thanks for your help .
OK , I'll take a small , for 1 year , in this branch , please .
I agree , Toni . I think the biggest problem we ’ re facing is how to bring it in under budget .
Right . Look , why don ’ t we make a list of the problems we ’ re dealing with . It ’ ll be easier to work through them that way .
I hope to change because my current job is not within my chosen field.Since my major was international banking , I really hope to work at a bank .
Because your bank is a new one , I think I'll be given more opportunities , and the working conditions and surroundings are so excellent here .
I expect to work hard , madam .
No , I enjoy travelling .
Surely of course.Here you are .
No , it stopped at Honolulu.Would you like to book one ?
Let me see . I am sorry . ZW203 is the only one to New York .
No problem . What size would you like ?
How about this one ? It's our biggest — 16 ' in diameter .
Okay , try this one . It's made of aluminum .
Here you go . Same pan , but with a state-of-the-art , heat-resistant plastic handle .
Great . Will that be cash or charge ?
I'm sorry . I forgot to show you the lid . It comes with the pan .
Of course . Which one do you like best ?
Try this one . You can get a picture by simply pressing the shutter .
Just give me a second . I'll be right up . I ran a virus scan on your computer , and it turns out that you have a lot of infected files !
Well , you have to make sure that your anti-virus software is updated regularly , yours wasn't up to date , that ’ s probably what was causing your problems .
Yeah , try not to kick or hit the computer !
I think you should work out more too .
I have lost about five kilos .
I was on a diet and exercised daily .
You can try a low-impact workout schedule . Why don't you go to a gym ?
The secret is persistence .
Yes , but don't cut them yet . Wait until they cool . Where is the big plastic bowl ?
What's Donna like , by the way ?
Oh , Paul is very easy-going and friendly .
Yes , sure . Which cupboard is it in ?
There is no pepper here .
Yes , go straight along Beijing Road and turn right .
No , it's just a couple of minutes .
You're welcome .
Just a moment , please . I ’ ll see if she ’ s free .
Sorry , Becky can ’ t come to the phone right now .
I have booked a table for 3 this evening . I would like to cancel it .
Sure . Brown and we have reserved a table next to the door .
Let's see . That would be ¥ 160 a day a mile .
Do you have a valid license ?
Fine . Now complete this form and sign your name at the bottom .
Good morning . I'd like to pay my bill .
In cash . How much is the total charge ?
Here you are . Thanks for your wonderful service .
I haven't heard anything .
Nobody told me .
I really wasn't told anything .
Wow , how exciting .
Of course I will .
I appreciate that .
Oh , no ! I can't have failed . Are you sure ?
It sucks . But Arden told me he's satisfied with my qualifications and experience .
How am I going to face the fellows in our office ? They thought I would be promoted . They must be waiting for my good news .
But I lost the chance .
One to the beach . How much is it ?
Sorry . I can wait a moment .
Thank you .
I think I can , Kate . It must be Karen Marsh , the actress .
That must be Conrad Reeves .
No , He must be her fourth or fifth .
She does , doesn ’ t she ! I read she ’ s twenty-nine , but she must be at least forty .
She was a famous actress when I was still a schoolgirl .
Not that long ago ! I ’ m not more than twenty-nine myself .
It really depends on you .
If I were you , I'd buy .
Hi . This is Taylor Wright calling . I ’ Ve got an appointment with Doctor Bell at 9.00 tomorrow morning . I ’ Ve got to cancel this appointment . My father-in-law passed away suddenly last night .
Thanks a lot . Good bye .
This one . It is of the best quality and excellently tailored as well . You may try it on .
The collar ? It is just the collar that is popular with young people in Shanghai .
250 Yuan .
But it is really worthwhile .
Here you are .
Give me five more minutes . I'm really tired this morning .
I get that , but let me just sleep for a little bit longer .
Believe me . I will get up and get ready in five minutes .
I understand , and it will get done after I wake up in five minutes .
I'm going to be on time today .
Thanks a lot .
This job pays sixty-five thousand dollars per year .
This job provides full medical , dental , and disability .
You get 3 weeks paid vacation that you may use as you wish .
We offer a 401K with some matching funds available depending on length of service .
We provide up-to-date training on state of the art equipment .
Down the hall . I'll show you when the interview is over .
I am not surprised , you eat too much .
No , I wouldn't think so .
Well , why don't you go on a diet ?
Perhaps you should excercise more . Why don't you go to an exercise class .
No , I am afraid we don't .
No , thanks . We'll come back later . May I reserve a table for two ?
Bruce . By the way . Can we have a table by the window ?
That's fine .
Well , I prefer active rather than passive training . For example , I like the training offered by a financial software company from which we bought the newest updated virgin . They sent the programmers to demonstrate how to do and then ask us to practice . All employees receiving this training were in the same meeting room , so we could communicate with each other . We had a lot of fun learning together . It helps to build up the work relation among colleagues .
Of course , it is much better than just giving us some reading materials or information via the internet .
there's a great sitcom on Channel 3 that stars in about three minutes .
the office . Have you watched it ?
it's almost exactly the same . I think it's a hilarious show .
they're just showing highlights of American Idol from last night right now .
I couldn't agree with you more .
we have digital TV . It's amazing though---even with 100 channels , there's often nothing on that I'd want to watch !
I guess so . I'm bit of a couch potato . How about you ?
there's actually a documentary on the history channel later on that I'd like to watch . Do you want to stay and watch it with me ?
No , thanks . I'm just looking .
No , thank you . I don't need any skirts .
No , thank you .
No doubt . Look , I'm just browsing . If I need your help , I'll let you know .
We produce household cleaning products - detergents and so on . They are all phosphate-free , which minimises damage to the environment .
We try to use as little packaging as possible . Also , all our bottles are made of recyclable plastic and we use recycled fibre in our boxes . That's what our customers want .
What can I do for you , Kim ?
Sure , anytime .
That sounds great . I'm absolutely starving ! What kind of food are you in the mood for ?
You're a woman after my own heart . I don't know many people who can handle spicy food . Are you sure you are up for hotpot .
Ok , you're really all eyes when it comes to talking about food , aren't you ?
Let me think about it for a minute . Let's see ... oh the name of the restaurant is on the tip of my tongue ! Give me a second and it'll come to me .
No ...
That's it ! That's the one I was thinking of ! I told you I'd remember it !
I'm sorry , that's bad luck .
Sure . If you want to stretch your legs , a good exercise is to lift your knee in front of your body , like this . It ’ s a very simple exercise , but very effective .
One good way is to do push-ups . Another way is to use weights . Make sure you grip the weights firmly . You don ’ t want to drop them on your feet !
You don ’ t need to bend your elbows that much . Bend them so that your arms are at a 90 degree angle . The most important think is to remember to keep your body straight . Many people bend their bodies at the waist , which reduces the effectiveness of the exercise .
One that I recommend is that you lie on your back . You should have a weight in each hand and stretch your arms out either side of your body .
Yes , you do . Lift the weight up , keeping your arms straight all the time .
Yes , could you cash these travaler's check for me , please ?
Ok , here you are .
It doesn't matter .
Hello , is there a room available ?
A twin room , please .
Oh , I see . Thank you anyway .
Oh , Tom ! I thought you were in Paris .
Good to see you too !
Thanks a lot . That's the favor I was going to ask you for .
Sure . We're on a pretty tight schedule , but we should be able to finish it just on time .
A few of the graphic designers are a bit behind in their work because of computer problems .
They've agreed to work over-time until it's finished . They've even decided to come in on the weekend .
We agreed that the deadline was next Friday .
That'd be very helpful . An extra weekend is all they really need . Thanks .
I will .
You , too ! See you tomorrow .
Hold on please ... Yes , you are booked already .
I am sorry.Flight LJ88 0n that day is full . What about 22 ?
Good afternoon , Mr . Brown . My name is Mrs . Anderson , manager of the sales department .
Nice to see you too , Mr . Brown . Won ’ t you sit down ?
What would you like , tea or coffee ?
Is it your first trip to the Fair , Mr . Brown ?
Good . Is there anything you find changed about the Fair ?
Really , Mr . Brown ? Did you find anything interesting ?
We are glad to hear that . What items are you particularly interested in ?
All right .
I received some leaflets in the post from you , one of them talked about a new service you have where you can transfer money between this bank and securities companies . Is that right ?
I also read that if the customer is a stock investor , which I am , it's possible to get additional benefits ?
What if I don't want to come in to the branch , can I use the consultation service over the phone ?
Working . Why ?
I ’ m sorry , Melissa . I really can ’ t today . I ’ Ve just got too much going on . Maybe tomorrow .
What would you like to know , Mr . Green ?
In 2004 , I got a job in the sales department of a trading company near Guangzhou . I started a sales representative . A year later , I was promoted to the position of sales manager . I had that job ever since , which is just over a year now .
Frankly , some part of it I enjoy very much , but I prefer something more professional . It happens that I have a friend working here in this company . She told me the export department was to recruit an assistant . I felt very excited at this news . That's why I'm here .
Yes.what can I do for you ?
Fine , what time do you want to get up ?
Of course . We can give you a call anytime you like .
Your wish is our command . Expect a call at 7 , and another one at 7 fifteen .
The second call is now changed to 7 thirty . Is there anything else we can help you with ?
We're here all night long if you need anything .
Congratulations ! This is your first interview ever .
sure , you should prepare so that you can give proper response when you're being interviewed .
you should collect as much information about the company and the position you're applying for as you can . It is important to show that you've done some research into the company . The interviewers Wil
smile at the interviewers and look them in their eyes while trying to persuade them to select you . Try to act natural , let your personality , ability and interpersonal skills shine through the interview
yeah , wear formal clothes to your interview and do be punctual . That'll leave your interviewers with a good first impression .
Yes . I'd like to change some money , please .
Let me see . I think maybe 600 USD at least .
Six hundred US dollars .
But I am badly in need of the amount . Might I ask you to make an exception for me ?
It's just too bad . I have to leave it as it is , and thank you just the same .
To this place , please .
How long does it take to get to the hotel ?
Here's the hotel .
That's 10 dollars .
Yes , surely .
No , you don't . It is free of charge .
Certainly , would you wait for a few minutes ?
Yes , what is it ?
Sure , I'll be back in a minute .
I have had an incredible boss , who was my direct supervisor during the last year of my coop work experience . A-bout two months after I began working for her , she really let me spread my wings . She encouraged me to work independently , because she said she had come to trust my judgment and commitment . So I was able to move forward on projects without having to check in with her every day . Of course , I made certain that she knew what I had accomplished on a daily and weekly basis because I gave her summary reports , although she didn't specifically ask me to . Without her support and encouragement , I don't think I would have felt confident enough to have written up a proposal suggesting that the department change a process that had been in place for a long time . But she was open to suggestions , so long as employees could back them up with research and facts . When I submitted my suggestion , she reviewed it and told me where she thought it needed more work . She then took my revised proposal to her boss . He was a more conservative type , but she lobbied him to try It for several weeks . He did , and it was so successful that it was instituted as a permanent change . I've also worked for some very difficult bosses in summer and part-time jobs . And while I'd certainly prefer to work for one like I've just described , I'm the kind of person who can get along with just about anyone .
Just one second , sir , and I'll give you your receipt . Here you go .
Sir , did you enjoy your stay here ?
I'm glad you enjoyed the city , anyway . But please don't think too unkindly of us .
It ’ s probably just people trying to get an early start out of the city for the weekend . Nobody sticks around in the summer .
Actually , you might because there ’ s a big convention in town this weekend .
It is a way to make a living , but beyond this it's a way of fulfilling one's development . It can prove your ability .
I left the job because of expiry of my employment contract . Besides I have accumulated a lot of experience in this sort of job . I want to seek better jobs .
Is it a Chinese New Year's gift or a birthday gift ?
Oh , I see . Let me guess ... something sexy for the new bride on her first night of marriage ?
Well-endowed ? Don't worry . I have some bras with bigger cup sizes in the back .
I'm off today .
It's a pleasure to meet you . My name is Lucy .
Yes , I'm from Salt Lake City .
I'm glad to hear that . I think it's the nicest city in the United States .
Oh , dear !
It's not what I asked for .
It's not the right material . Or the right color . I can't possibly accept it .
Thank you .
Three . Would you please help us take them to the hall ?
Yes , I am James Mason from Anderson and Associates Limited . I would like to see Mr . Smith .
Yes , he knows I'm coming . Our meeting is set for 2 o'clock .
Sure .
That would be very nice . Thank you .
Hello , yes , I'm a stock investor and I'm looking at opening a new account with you . Perhaps your new compound savings one ? I already have a Current Account with you .
I'm mostly interested in the personalized services you offer , with stock market news , etc . It sounds just perfect for me , as I'm too busy to be constantly at the computer checking the performance .
What I need to know is how I can keep track of what's going on . I mean , some days I buy and sell quite a lot . Some days , there's no activity at all .
That's just what I need , sometimes I'm pretty forgetful .
Really , what's wrong with it ?
Oh , do you use your computer often ?
Don't worry . Have you got receipt with you ?
We'll go to your house and repair it on Tuesday . Ok ?
See you then .
Your results are posted on the website . Just put in your password and you can see the exact numbers .
We always contact you by phone to come in if there is a need for follow-up .
The purpose of each test is given on the site .
The website will give you your results and then tell you what the normal range is .
Yes , you can see every test for the past five years . You can compare them .
I feel like having some dumplings . Let's go out to eat .
Of course . What do you want me to do ?
I can do that . And I would like to make dumplings later .
Absolutely .
I would like to have a hamburger .
I don't want cheese on it .
I think I'm going to get a soda today .
A Sprite sounds good .
Let me get a bag of chips too .
That's all .
I'm figuring out my budget .
I'm making a shopping budget , so that I don't spend too much money .
I can only spend $ 300 a month .
I need to save the rest .
I need to pay my bills .
I know . It's going to save me a lot of money , I hope .
Hello , Dana , this is Kevin Abrahams from Eureka Corp . I don't know if you'll remember me but we met last week at the Chamber of Commerce luncheon .
Great . Do you have a few minutes right now for me to tell you a little bit more about the data management tools our company has to offer ? It won't take long .
Oh , sure , I understand . I'd be happy to send you a promotional packet about the programs that I think might best suit a company of your size . Would it be okay if I called again to see if you have any questions ?
No problem at all . I won't keep you any longer . I'll put a package to you in the mail and we'll go from there .
Thanks for your time .
Yes . But he is meeting a client .
I am afraid not , but I think I could convey your leave to him after the client goes .
Have you brought your student card ?
In that case , you have to buy two full fare tickets .
I'm fine , thanks . Just trying to get adjusted . It's hard to keep track of everything around here .
Yeah . I just got here a couple of days ago . How about you ?
That's all right.We ' ll get used to it.Besides , it is quiet up there .
And there's no one living over us .
Yes , it's pretty bright in there and big enough for our children to play .
The stove and refrigerator are in good working order ,
Are the plumbing all right ?
The toilet flushes and the shower has hot and cold water
The place is OK . Let's go there and have a look at it again .
Hey , look . My admirer has struck again .
It's an e-mail . It says , We need to meet . I'll give you a sweet treat . It's not what you think .
You know what , I think I know who my admirer is .
Just so so.There are no exciting things for me .
I'll do it later , Dad . I must prepare the concert on Saturday .
We hope so .
Oh dad . You don't understand at all .
I don't need it to play the guitar .
I'm sorry .
Er , good morning , yes , er ...
Oh , yes . Arm , well , could you tell me your name , please ?
Oh , yes . Arm , well , what exactly is it that interests you about the job ?
Really , mmmm . Arm , well , could you perhaps tell me a little about yourself ?
Where exactly have you been working , please ?
I ’ m so excited .
I ’ m going back to college .
I haven ’ t thought about it yet .
You won ’ t see me here again .
I know .
Thanks . I know things are going to be better .
Ah , hello . Do you have a service for buying Traveller's Cheques ?
That would be wonderful .
But what if something happened to them ? What would happen to my money ?
OK , I'd like to purchase 500 US dollars worth of Traveller's Cheques , please .
Probably nothing .
Romantic ? I can ’ t remember what that word means .
Ha , ha ! Those days are long gone .
All right , madam . When I was sales manager at the Beijing Friendship Store . I succeeded in raising the yearly sales volume by 25 percent and profit margins from 50 percent to 80 percent .
I don't think so . I'll create further achievement in the future .
Yes . I got the title of Advance Worker in 2006 .
Yes . I wrote a thesis entitled On Interpersonal Relations in the Socialist Market Economy and it was published in China Daily .
Oh , hi . Thanks for getting back to me quickly .
I was calling about your son .
Your son was acting up in class .
He was talking and causing a disturbance during class .
If you could just talk to him , I would greatly appreciate it .
Don't worry about it , but thank you very much .
Yes , I remember it was inspired by a New York Times best-seller of the same name .
Exactly . It reveals the dark side of the all-American meal .
I think America really deserves the name of " fast food nation - as people can find McDonald ' s , KFC and Pizza Hut almost all over the States .
Sure . You see , Tom , fast food is a lifestyle that craves convenience . People just don't care whether it is healthy or not .
What are they ?
They're much better
That's the point . People usually don't have much time to think about it when they have a on-the-go meal .
I suppose so .
That was my fault . I'm sorry .
I don't see any damage .
I don't see anything wrong with it .
That's not my fault .
I'll take care of everything . I just need your phone number and insurance .
Here you go .
I want to apply for a passport here .
( 10 minutes later . ) Hi . Here are completed forms .
Here you are , But I forgot my photos .
OK . I am going right now .
Yes.Thank you very much .
Oh , is it ?
Yes , certainly.You have the receipt ?
Then would you kindly come to our shop with the receipt by 10 o'clock ? We will replace it .
Yes , I need some more cash for my visit in China . May I cash a traveler ’ s check here ?
I was going to cash it at the hotel , but one of my friends said that banks always give better exchange rates .
You mean there is really not that much of a difference .
Well , may I cash these three checks for 100 dollars each ? I think that will be enough .
Ok .
Hello , Claire . This is Mick .
Fine , thanks . And you ?
Good . Listen . I'm phoning because I want to invite you to a party . At our Newhouse . And . .
Yes . We've moved . That's why we're giving the party . Can you come ?
This Saturday evening .
Until two in the morning . But you don't have to stay that long.Well ? What about it ?
Nothing . I mean , don't bring anything . It isn't necessary .
Just bring yourself ! I'm looking forward to seeingyou again . It's been a long time !
Come any time after eight . All right ? .
Bye ! See you on Saturday evening .
I use several services . Of course , I deposit and withdraw money quite often . I often use my ATM card to take money out of my current account . I use my bank to exchange money form once currency t
I sometimes use traveller's cheques , but sometimes I travel to countries where they are hard to exchange for cash .
Yes , I do . It saves me a lot of time . I also have standing orders for my subscriptions to magazines .
Yes . My bank offers very good terms and conditions on mortgage . There ’ s a lot of competition between banks nowadays . Each one is trying to offer better conditions and services than the others .
I don ’ t have one . I prefer to buy shares . My bank also provides a share trading service . It ’ s cheap and easy to use .
Yes , what is up ?
Sure .
Will I be getting any help ?
It's none of your business .
I'm going out anyway . Get out of my way .
What kind do you want ?
How many pounds would you like me to get you ?
Exactly what type of ground beef do you want ?
I'll get that for you right now .
Don't mention it , I'll just wrap this up for you .
I am sorry , sir . Can you tell me your room number ?
Is there anything else I can do for you ?
OK , we will send a repairman to your room right now .
I'd like to have rest , but I have many things to do .
It's very good , and the result isn't too bad .
Of course . I will write a report about this post-trip , and then you'd better type it at the moment , OK ?
( Afternoon ) Miss Liu . Are you typing my report ?
Nothing . I just tell you take care of it when you type , especially the address and telephone number of those new guests . You should make sure that it's no mistaken .
Ha , I know you are great secretary .
Pleased to see you , too , Mr . Brown .
Yes , a very pleasant journey , thank you .
So it is , I've come again to renew our sole agency agreement for another 2 years .
I'm glad you're satisfied with our work . I can assure you we've spared no effort and spent quite a sum of money in pushing the sales of your products .
Thank you .
That is the result of our hard work . Well , what annual quantity would you suggest for the new agreement then ?
No , no . That's too big a number to be acceptable . Let's put it at 450 pieces . And we'll strive to sell more , of course . We wish to add another clause . For every 50 pieces sold in excess of the quota , we'll get 1 % more in commission for our efforts .
I suppose all the other terms remain unchanged .
No , certainly not . That's a reasonable restriction .
Yes , we've already prepared one . I've brought it with me . I'll put it forward when we talk with the manufacturers tomorrow .
Good .
Yes , I think so too .
Let me think ... I want to know if the company can provide free accommodation for a new employee .
I really hope that your company could provide living places ; otherwise I have to rent a house to live .
That would work too .
Some companies will pay part of the phone bills for the employees . Will this company do so ?
I understand . Will the company provide training ?
That's great . Thank you very much .
I'd like a table for two , please .
No , I'm afraid not . Can I sit over there ? There's a table free by the window .
Fine . I'll sit here .
I'll have a double whiskey on the rocks .
Our softball team is in the finals ! We ’ re playing the McGrath office on Saturday .
Operations is made up of Manufacturing , Materials , Shipping and Distribution etc .
Yes , it is .
I don't think you really want to hear about it .
To be honest , it was horrible ! My manager is such a pain in the neck !
Well , he made quite a few mistakes on the monthly report and when his supervisor found them , my manager blamed them on me !
There wasn't really anything that I could do . There's always been a lot of bad blood between my manager and myself . If I had said anything , he would have fired me for sure .
He treats everyone pretty badly , but the way he treats me really takes the cake !
I really have no idea . All I know is that the thought of him really curls my hair !
Not really . I'm hoping to live with it for a while until I get a promotion .
I try to be sensible about it , but it's not very easy . Sometimes you just have to grin and bear it .
I would be happy to answer any questions you might have .
What about income ? Did you make any money during that period ?
When you filled out your Continued Claim Form , did you show that income ?
What happens is , when you make money , we take part of your benefits away .
I wouldn ’ t do that if I were you . There is a severe penalty if you get caught making false statements .
Thank you ! Guess how much it costs .
Your offer is way off the mark . It set me back only sixty-five .
Neither . I drove a hard bargain with the vendor before I got the price down .
Three hundred ! That's daylight robbery . How dare she play tricks on an old hand like me ? Without hesitation , I gave my offer---no more than fifty .
Not at all ! She's really been around , and seemed quite accustomed to bargaining like this . That's the trade . She only demanded a higher bid , saying the purchase price was even higher than seventy . She was lying ! Then I inquired , ' May I have it at sixty ? ' she waved her head .
Yeah . I turned around and started to move out . Just then , she yelped behind my back , ' all right , all right ! I may sacrifice a little . Let's fix it sixty-five ! Can't be cheaper . '
Let's take a roundabout way .
Look , traffic jam again !
I am Mr . Foster , and we have a 7:00 dinner reservation tonight for four people .
We are going to have a drink while we are waiting . Please let the hostess know that she can find us there .
Those patio tables are new , aren't they ? Would it be possible to be seated out there ?
We would love to sit outside . Thanks for your help !
Yes , could you please bring us a pitcher of margaritas and four glasses while we are figuring out our dinner order ?
We'll be ready to order by the time you get back !
Yes , I am Professor Clark .
Yes , how are you doing ?
That sounds painful . Are you going to be OK ?
How many days will you be out of school ?
I am glad you let me know that you will be missing class . Get well !
Yeah ? Why ? Don ’ t you like living with me ?
Well , check the newspaper .
Yeah , prices have really gone up the past couple of years .
No , it ’ s pretty good . Why not give the landlord a call ?
Why ? He did something wrong .
I only wanted to help him .
Yes , I would like to make a reservation for May 3rd .
Only one .
John .
Let's have a look . Oh yes , you need a 10 mm ring spanner . Here you are . Just leave it on the workbench when you finish .
No problem .
Oh , nice to see you . The apartment is on the tenth floor . The previous tenant just moved out yesterday .
Sure . Let me show you the way . Here we are . Apartment 1008 . ( They enter . ) This is the living room dining room combination . Here's the kitchen . It's small , but fully equipped . The refrigerator is new , and the stove and the microwave oven are less than a year old .
Yes . And there's a walk-in closet .
Yes , there's central air conditioning and heating . The thermostat is in the living room 。
It's 600 yuan per month.The rent is due no later than the tenth of the month . We ask that you leave a month's rent as a deposit . It will be returned to you at the end of your lease .
It's a job I've been dreaming of since I was very little . I firmly believe that teaching is one of the most honorable jobs in the world .
I want to work in the English Department , as I am an English major .
Well , there ’ s no doubt that lots of people have found employment in the help wanted section .
Did you get a copy of the Herald too ?
That ’ s true , but still the Herald lists some jobs the Globe doesn ’ t have .
It's only a couple of dollars more . For that much money you can afford to risk it .
Good idea .
What did he say ?
What kind of intermediary is it ?
What job did he recommend to you ?
Does he ask you to pay some fees ?
Then what do you think about it ?
Sure , but you must verify that first and don't easily make a promise .
Good luck !
Did you bring your ticket ?
Did you bring your ID ?
You're going to need your ID to pay the ticket .
We have to know that this ticket is really yours .
Next time you come back , bring your ID .
Yes , everything will be cleared .
Oh , dear !
It's not what I asked for .
It's not the right material . Or the right color . I can't possibly accept it .
Yes , please . I'm picking out some presents for my children and wife .
Actually , I don't know exactly . Do you have anything recommended ?
Hey , How did you know I came from America ?
How much again ?
That's really cheap for shoes like those . OK , I'll take 5 pairs .
Why not ?
Oh , my God . I've totally forgotten about that . Anyway , I think she would like a bottle of perfume .
DENY ? That's very expensive in America . It costs nearly $ 70 for only 50ml.DKNY ?
That's very unbelievable . Is it fake ?
OK , I'll take one .
Please keep calm . I know the pain isn ’ t what flesh and blood can stand . But be brave .
To your offer of three hundred and twenty thousand dollars , the owners have counter-offered three hundred and thirty-five thousand dollars .
You , of course , have two ways of responding . You can say yes or come up with another offer .
There is always a chance that someone could outbid you , but you could try one more offer if you like .
After the owners get home from work tonight , I will approach them with your offer .
I don ’ t think that it will take as long as the response to the first offer .
Who was elected ?
That can ’ t be true !
I can ’ t believe people voted for him .
That doesn ’ t make any sense .
How could the news get any worse ?
That ’ s great news !
I will be available on Monday or Tuesday . Choose which day is best for you .
Good . Can you come in the morning or would afternoon be best ?
Great ! When I check with the others , I will send you an exact time . When you come , be prepared to do your presentation .
Who would you like to see there ? Just the sub-committee or should we ask the whole committee ?
That will probably be best . Do you need help with directions ?
OK . We will e-mail you all the information you need tomorrow . Have a good day !
Please , where do I catch the plane for New York ?
That one there ?
Thank you . You ' Ve been very helpful .
Thank you . And here's your receipt , sir .
I hope your stay here was satisfactory , sir .
I'm glad that the little problem didn't ruin your visit . Please have a pleasant trip home .
I was sick .
I had a stomachache .
I'm still feeling under the weather .
I took something earlier .
Thanks a lot .
No thanks . We just need our check . Have you seen the waitress ?
Yes , the service hasn't been the best . Is that our waitress over there ?
Good idea . Just bring it back and we'll figure it out together .
How much do you think we should leave for a tip ?
I agree , but we don't really know the whole story . There may have been problems in the kitchen beyond her control .
I agree . We will leave $ 3.60 for the tip .
Hello ? Mr . Bernie . My name is Lisa . I hope I ’ m not disturbing you . I just heard about your daughter . I wanted to call you and tell you how much we ’ ll miss her .
What ? That ’ s odd . I ’ m so sorry if I ’ Ve bothered you .
I ’ m afraid not . Don ’ t you see I ’ m looking up a word in the dictionary ?
Well , wait a minute .
I wouldn't call myself introverted . Sometimes I enjoy being by myself very much . But other times I like sharing activities with others too .
Well , I approach things very enthusiastically , I think , and I don ’ t like to leave something half-done . It makes me nervous . I can ’ t concentrate on something else until the first thing is finished .
For me , this would be having good relationships with my family members . My family has always been very close knit , and we still spend a lot of time together .
Working hard and being frugal are both virtues . I strive to practise these two virtues in my life .
I had meetings back to back all morning . And phone rang off the hook from the minute I walked into the office .
I can ’ t believe it . I guess I ’ ll be here until 10 again tonight .
What's wrong with it ?
Have you checked the connections on your computer ?
There are cords that connect your computer to a power outlet .
It won't turn on if the cords aren't connected .
Try it and see if it works .
It should work , but let me know if it doesn't .
I ’ m pretty tired . I haven ’ t been sleeping well .
I have enough time . I just can ’ t seem to fall asleep and stay asleep .
I don ’ t have one time in particular . I just go to sleep whenever I feel tired .
I just lost my job , and I am unsure about being able to find another one .
I haven ’ t ever tried that , but it sounds like a good idea .
I haven't gone to the interview yet . It's tomorrow . I am so nervous .
I hope so .
Thanks , I'll keep that in mind .
I'm pretty good , you ?
How long have you been on the bus ?
Do you catch this bus a lot ?
So , you have your own car ?
Then , why are you on the bus with me ?
That's good thinking .
Yes . I'd like to make a reservation to Los Angeles on Sep . 19th .
Yes , please , thank you .
You've drunk everything , sir ?
Do you want the whole minibar , or just certain items ?
That's three Jim Beams and three Perriers . Anything else , sir ?
Okay . Are you sure there isn't anything else ?
Be patient for just a few minutes , sir , and someone will be at your door .
Yes , I ’ m the manager here . What can I do for you , Madam ?
Which room are you in ?
I ’ m awfully sorry to hear that . ( After checking ) I ’ ll turn to it right away . I do apologize . We ’ ll change your room to 2002 .
It ’ s my pleasure , Madam .
Both are superb in their skills.Anyhow , Fred is one up on Bill from my point of view .
What's the specialty of the house ?
I like fish . Please bring me an order of that .
Apple pie , please .
Make it two .
Hello . I'm here today to pay in some foreign currency . Is that possible at this counter ?
10,000 Japanese yen .
Fixed .
For one year , that's what I usually do . Better interest , you know .
I certainly hope so . Can we arrange to meet on the 27th ? That should give you enough time .
Fine , Mr . Tan . I ’ ll see you then .
I suppose so , but don't rush . I've got to tell you how to do it .
Yes ma'am , may I help you ?
Yes ?
Oh , yes , ma'am . We'll come right away then.Your room number and your name , please .
Thank you.Would you hang up and wait ?
What are you doing ?
It looks like you are about to get dressed . Did you forget we are in a car on the road ?
Are you kidding ? You're going to cause an accident just from people gawking !
That will be my pleasure .
sure . What kind of material do you want for the suit to be made from ?
that will probably be quite expensive , but the more you pay for the fabric , the longer it'll last and the better it'll look . What color do you want the suit to be ?
brown , huh ? Isn't that a bit dull ?
why don't you just get black ? Black suits are always fashionable and can be worn for anything — a funeral , a wedding , a job interview — anything !
here are two different shades of brown . Which one do you prefer ?
how about this one ?
ok , let's go .
I am quite alive and energetic . I am a curious person , and I like to learn new things .
I am quite outgoing , I think .
I try to adapt myself .
Where are we ? Oh , here we are . So we drive to the A120 and turn left .
Oh yes ! Sorry ! Then we drive to the M11 motorway .
It ’ s only seven miles . We turn left to join the motorway and drive south .
That ’ s another 15 miles , so that ’ s 22 miles total so far .
Then we drive on the M25 . it turns south . When we reach exit 15 , we turn left and go west along the M4 .
The journey around the M25 is 33 miles and then 3 extra miles to get to the airport . So how many miles is that together ?
It shouldn ’ t take us very long to cover that distance . Remember that we can go quite fast on the motor way .
Of course .
Do you take dressing on your salad ?
I have been doing quite well . As reach 90 % and Bs reach 100 % . And I ’ Ve been awarded Zu Jingle Scholarship two times .
Yes . To develop my knowledge , I studied Economics , Business Administration and Accounting through self-study . Nowadays , I have passed three courses on CPA .
Yes , I used to be the monitor of my class .
It ’ s a very important experience for me . First , it improved my organizing ability , and let me understand how to resolve a problem in the overall perspective instead of my own perspective . Second , it let me know how to cooperate in harmony with people who I like or dislike .
For the past 5 years , I have been in an Ericsson ( China ) Communication Co , Ltd .
My title was Project Manager . There were almost 100 people under my supervision .
Thank you . I'll just print out your receipt , and then you're free to go . Here you go !
If you don't mind me asking , how did you enjoy your stay at New York Hotel ?
That's very honest of you . Rest assured that this hotel will have no insects next time .
sure . What do you want ?
really ? Why ?
and the holidays provided you a chance to think over all this and make a decision ?
absolutely . With your expertise and experience , you're clearly working below your pay grade .
this way , you'll earn more at the new work place .
that is to say , most IT professionals can get a pay rise more easily by changing a job than waiting for a rise . I'm wondering why IT companies are always willing to pay more to new employees instead
All right.Which kind do you prefer ?
That's fine .
Please put your name and address here . May I see your passport .
How would you like it ?
Ok , here you are .
OK , it so happened I want to buy one .
I think it ’ s good , and it suits me , because I'm not good at cooking . Is it expensive ?
Yes , I know . The boarding time on the ticket says 17:05 , and now it's 16:15 . I guess we have plenty of time .
Yes.It ' s essential .
We can check it and hand carry the small bags . And we have to open each for inspection .
I think so.We certainly don't want a hijack to happen on the plane today .
Very well . We have some fresh red roses .
$ 20 per dozen .
Yes , they're on sale today .
Splendid . Will there be anything else ?
I'm sure your wife will love them .
Here are some biscuits . Why are you back so early today ?
Me what ?
It's not for us .
Don't be a smarty-pants . It's for Grandma Wang .
It's for Grandma Wang . She is sick and her only daughter went abroad weeks ago . So she needs our help .
Umm , let me think for a moment . We can meet her together after I finish cooking .
Good boy . I can only imagine how happy she will be to see you .
I was worried you would think it was too far to drive .
I think if you try some more authentic Chinese food , you might understand how we students from Taiwan suffer .
I mean , in Milwaukee there is no good Chinese food.So we miss the food in Taiwan too much.Sometimes we just have to drive down here to Chicago to find something better .
Yes , even in the winter .
Why not ? I've been craving good food for three weeks now . I'm too sick of hamburgers and pizza !
Don't tease me ! Good food is really important to Chinese !
Yes , all these dishes are different " dim sum " dishes.You can't find this kind of thing except for in a few cities in America .
Of course . I will try to buy some things at the Asian grocery down the block too.Then I can do a little cooking in my apartment .
No way !
We're going up to the " new " Chinatown for dinner . I already know where we're going to go .
No , dim sum is usually eaten around lunch time , or sometimes closer to breakfast.We ' ll try more Taiwanese style up at the " new " Chinatown .
No , dim sum is more Cantonese style.But of course you can buy it in Taiwan .
I'm a great cook actually . You will see .
It's not that far . Do you see that Yellow building over there ?
The big one .
It's right next to it , on the right .
I don't think there's one around here . The closest one is on 3rd street , but that's probably closed now .
Well , you could go down to 22nd street . There are lot of stores down there that are open 24 hours a day .
Yes , but that'll probably take about half an hour . You should just take a cab .
No , from here I think it's only about 5 dollars .
Certainly , Mr . Robert . But can I have your plan ?
Very good . May I keep it ? I need it to draw up a notice of the meeting and the agenda .
You mean you need a more detailed agenda for yourself ?
I see . Ok , then where do you think we will have the meeting ?
Yes , I will see that the room is ready by Friday . And I will check there are enough chairs , and the lighting and air-conditioning are all right .
Sure , I will . What about the minutes ? Do you think I am responsible for that too ?
But I am not familiar with the members of the board .
That's a good idea . All right , I ’ ll withdraw and get down to it if you don't mind .
The exact time ? Let me think . You know , it happened at night .
Oh , I remember . It was about 10 o'clock . When I was about to go to bed , suddenly I heard help outside .
Yes , I worked in a fashion shop as a part time salesgirl .
I'm working as an export sales staff member for a trade company .
I work at Yangshi Trade Company Ltd . I have been working there since 1997 .
No problem . Just plug the Ethernet cable into your computer , and you're good to go .
Hmm . Well , we have some alternatives , if you're interested .
We have a computer lab on the first floor .
It's absolutely free to guests . Except for printing , of course .
You could use your wireless right here in our lobby .
Well , we don't have a printer in the lobby yet . You'll have to use the lab .
What ’ s the matter ? Didn ’ t you get enough sleep last night ?
Are you worried about something ? Why couldn ’ t you sleep ?
Well , take it easy . Things will look better tomorrow . Maybe you should try exercising or a hot bath to help you relax .
So fast ! Thank you .
Yes , you'd print out the address and telephone number of those guests from your computer , and then send those materials to each business worker .
By the way , to tell them try to persuade those new guests to cooperate with us . Because I found a biggest opponent from this post-trip .
OK , it's no anything . Do what you should do .
I think she is in her room putting a little something together for you to take to school with you .
I know , but she is going to miss you something awful . Have I told you how proud I am of you ?
I mean it . You have really shown us that you are prepared to take on the adult world .
We have great confidence in you .
Is that so ? I didn't know it . can I possibly borrow a jacket and a tie ?
Then we'll return to the hotel and come back , will you change the appointment ?
At 7 , please .
A party of 13 .
How much is the fare , please ?
Wait . I want to ask you if this bus goes down Fifth Avenue as far as Greenwich Village .
I thought this bus Went down Park Avenue .
But I thought this was the right bus to go to Washington Square Park .
Would you tell me when we get there ?
I read or go swimming , go shopping , usually . I run or play tennis or do something else like those to get some exercises to keep fit .
I wouldn't call myself extroverted . Sometimes , I enjoy being by myself very much . But other times , I like sharing activities with others too , especially during these last few years .
I like almost all sports , and I enjoy both playing and watching . I especially like tennis and mountain climbing .
Well , I approach things very enthusiastically , I think , and I don't like to leave something half-done . It makes me nervous-I can't concentrate on something else until the first thing is finished .
You just ate .
There's no food left from dinner .
Do you know what kind of snack that you want ?
Why don't you make yourself a sandwich or something ?
A PB & J is pretty easy to make .
Knock yourself out .
Just a moment , I'm coming . ( ten minutes later ) . Now , what would you like ?
Yes , certainly . Here you are .
It's written in English too , in smaller print . There .
Right . ( five minutes later ) Now , what are you having ?
All right , but would you be so kind as to make up your mind soon ? We're very busy just now as you can see , sir .
Hi , this is Sharon in Mr . Reynolds ’ s office . One of your delivery men picked up a package here about an hour ago .
Well , it still hasn ’ t reached its destination . I wonder if you could track it down for us . Mr . Reynolds is a bit concerned .
We appreciate your efforts in promoting the sale of our clothes in the market of this city . But according to our record , your annual turnover is not too big , so I think it is premature for us to discuss the question of agency .
I mean to double the amount for your sales this year at least .
We know you have done a good job in building up these exports for us . However , our company has the regulation for the agency .
I am sorry to say that it's a little higher . Our agents in other areas usually get a 3 % to 6 % commission .
Our price is worked out according to the costing . A 20 % commission means an increase in our price . So , I'm afraid we have to decline your proposal of acting as our sole agent .
Ok . I should have it finished by Friday afternoon . Then I can check those account over the weekend . We need to have them finished by Monday , right ?
Some next week on , we should be in less of a rush .
Don ’ t say that yet . A new project could suddenly appear .
Carol said that she would spend some time checking that everyone is up-to-date with their work .
They usually go on for ages .
I will . Enjoy your meeting !
They asked me to go to Paris to check on the new office that was just established there . And you ?
Teach me Cantonese and I'll pull some strings to get a trade with you next time around .
You're on .
I'm scheduled to fly out on the tenth .
Tell me where you live .
You can catch the 264 .
Yes , it does .
You can catch it on Altadena Drive .
Yes , it does .
You're welcome .
Yes , I can . I have three years experience in operating computers .
I can skillfully use Dos , Windows .
Yes , I have ACRE certificate , rank 2 .
Yes , I have a Cambridge Business English Certificate and Lawyer ’ s Qualification Certificate .
I like photography very much . I used to be awarded second prize in a photography contest at our university .
Cardiopulmonary resuscitation !
What does that mean ?
Me ! Me !
Wait , what are you doing ? I ’ m a married woman ! You can ’ t just try to kiss me like this !
Well , OK . But no French kissing !
Wait , what are you doing ! You can ’ t just kiss me then go for second base !
Hi , David . You are very difficult to reach . I called several times . But I kept getting a busy signal . Is your phone out of order ?
Ok . Let me call you later . Is that okay ?
Certainly . Here you are . It's a new arrival .
Sure . The fitting room is in the corner .
It says on the bottle here that you can have two refills .
Alright . I'm sorry , Miss . According to our file , this prescription has already been refilled twice .
Well , it looks like you have.You will need to see your doctor to get a new prescription .
I'm sorry , Miss . We can't do it . We must follow the prescription.And this prescription has run out .
Miss , I understand your problem.But it is against the law for us to sell certain medicines without a prescription.It ' s the law . I can't do anything about it.We never sell medicine unless we have a proper prescription . Never .
A prescription must be valid . It cannot be an expired prescription . I'm sorry , Miss . It's the law.You will have to find another doctor who will prescribe this for you .
Miss , I just can't help you on this . I'm a pharmacist , not a doctor . And there are other customers I need to help now . I know it is frustrating when this happens.But there is nothing I can do about it . I'm sorry .
Maybe that's true . I don't know.But I'm sure in Taiwan you have prescriptions too .
I don't want to .
Certainly not .
Turn on the TV , for what ?
Listen to the music ? And who will cook dinner , will you ?
To a disco ? Oh , no . You know I hate it .
I'd like to buy some Chinese-style cakes . Could you recommend me some ?
Moon cakes ? What is that ?
Sounds very interesting . I'll buy some to family people .
What's the difference between these two styles ?
Get me some of each .
The paper editorials always stick to the quick .
After all , I'm somewhat conservative .
What's up ? Honey !
Honey , it doesn't matter . The key to play volleyball is to cooperate with each other .
You go figure it out yourself .
OK , Ben and May , here we go . Be careful , Danny , the ball is coming . That is the green one .
Danny , back to your position . Move !
Which subway should I take to get to the East Side ?
Which train is that ? Which platform does it leave from ?
But of course ! We have a great exercise facility .
It's located right under our lobby . Just take the elevator or the stairs one flight down .
No , sir . The gym is absolutely free . However , be sure to take your room key with you .
The hours couldn't be better , 24/7 .
I wish I could tell you yes , but no , there isn't .
I'd like to buy a new mobile phone please .
Yes please . And I ’ d like to be able to make video calls too .
Of course I know .
OK . I'll go right now . By the way , do you think I ’ ll have to stay in the hospital for long ?
Thank you , Doctor . I will go now . Bye-bye .
Well done , Fred . Do you know something useful for our promotion for our I-series ?
That is a good idea to start with . I also think the mass media is also a good approach for advertising .
Sure . Wait a moment .
This is Ryan you are speaking with . What can I do for you ?
What is wrong with you ?
How long have you had it ?
How have you been treating it ?
That should work . I ’ ll see you tomorrow when you return to work .
Oh , Thank you . I'm looking for the train station .
Right ? OK , got it .
Next left then right ? OK .
What ’ s going on ?
What aren ’ t you too sure about ?
Your lease is for three years .
If you do , I will keep your deductible .
If you break the contract , then you will not receive your deductible .
All right . I ’ m glad I could clarify things for you .
Anything wrong with it ?
Oh , I'm very sorry about that . You can change it for another one if you prefer .
This one is the same size and color . But the design is different .
What ? What ’ s the good news ?
That ’ s wonderful ! You must be really proud of him !
I'm very worried , doctor
I'm afraid that I'm very ill .
Because I feel tired all the time , even when I wake up in the morning . I find very difficult to do any work . I have no appetite . My wife cooks me delicious meals but I can only eat a little .
Very badly , doctor .
Both , doctor . I never get to sleep until two o'clock and I always wake up at five .
Well , yes , I am . I'm worried about my work . I've just taken a new job . I earn a lot of money but it's difficult work . I'm always afraid of making a mistake .
Yes , doctor . ( The doctor examines the patient )
No , doctor . I never have enough time for exercise . I start work very early in the morning and finish late in the evening . Then I can't get to sleep . Can you give me some medicine to help me to sleep ?
But I may lose my job , doctor ! It's hard to get a job like mine .
You're right , doctor . It's more important to be healthy than wealthy . I'll change my job . I'm grateful for your advice .
Of course , Mr . Roberts . But , could you tell me his extension number again ? I haven ’ t got all the numbers down yet .
Thank you very much . Mr . Roberts .
Thanks , doctor . Is there anything I can take for this headache ?
Okay .
Yes , what are your hours ?
Thanks lot .
Good idea . How much do I need to deposit ?
And how do I withdraw if I need to ?
I'm sorry , refresh my mind . What's different about a Type B Account ?
My daughter . She is missing . I don ’ t know where she is .
She has blond hair and blue eyes .
She has a yellow dress on and red sneakers .
I just saw her down the street . I don ’ t know where she is . I don ’ t know ...
Oh , it ’ s been uh ... fifteen minutes .
Pleased to see you . Welcome to our company . I hope you have a good day .
Sure , come with me . Hello , Michael , this is Steven . He will be part of your team .
I ’ Ve been looking forward to meeting you . I am new to the working world and would appreciate your guidance .
That's great .
All right .
I'm sorry , it was too cold , and my car couldn't start . I had one to the garage with the heater . I tried to call you , but you couldn't get connection .
Yes , your number is out of service .
So I couldn't get through .
Well , the only thing you can do is pay the fee to recover your service .
Well , as you know I was in Thailand last month , and I took a cooking class ! So I prepared some of my favorite dishes .
Ok , for starters we have Tom Yam soup . It's a bit spicy , but really good !
Now this next dish is one of the most famous . Foreigners call it papaya salad but the proper name is Tom Sam . It is a spicy salad made from a mix of fresh vegetables including shredded unripened papaya and tomato .
Ok , now for the last and best dish in my opinion . This is called Pad Thai . It's stir-fried noodles with eggs , fish sauce , tamarind juice , red chili pepper plus bean sprouts , shrimp and tofu and garnished with crushed peanuts and coriander . It's practically Thailand's national dish !
Want some more ?
No where special . I was just taking a walk .
To get a little exercise . I'm so out of shape .
That sounds great . Give me a call next time you guys play .
What's the problem ?
Is there a problem ?
I apologize for their tardiness .
Again , I do apologize for the inconvenience .
Seeing as they were late , that won't be a problem .
I'm going to refund your money right now .
Here , sir . Sit down in this wheel chair .
The doctor will be with you in a moment . I just need to ask you a few questions .
Name , age and date of birth , please ?
Health insurance company and policy No ?
What ?
Well , this is going to be a very expensive broken leg , Mr . Taylor .
Don't worry about that .
No trouble at all .
No , that's quite out of the question .
I never did like this MP4 anyway . I won't hear of it .
We have a fairly good working relationship , but there was also a rough spot .
Well , he has an amazing ability to analyze information and he is very good at making the right decision in tough situations .
I just went to bed .
I know , but that movie was just too good to leave . I guess I ’ ll just have to pay the price anti-sleepy .
No . why don ’ t we describe and buy at the coffee shop next door ?
That's right . I'm glad you're here . It hasn't been working properly for the last few days .
Just a couple of weeks ago . It's usually very reliable .
Well , it's making a strange noise when we try to change paper trays .
Just take it easy . If he starts to bother you , let me know and I'll call security .
Don't get all worked up over him . He's probably harmless .
You never know . Maybe he's just an innocent , lonely guy ...
OK ! I'll call security .
I should be coming in on the 11:30 mooring flight . How far is the office from the airport ?
That ’ s right . I ’ ll be in the baggage area .
Right over here , sir . What size do you wear ?
These here are all mediums .
Shall I gift-wrap them for you , sir ?
Well , What seems to be the trouble , Mr . Williams ?
How long has this been going on ?
How was your appetite ?
You haven't lost any weight , have you ?
Unbutton your shirt , please .
You'll have to have some laboratory examinations to know for sure .
A blood test and during test . You can come back next week , say 4 pm to see the results .
The thing is , I've got all of this information here , all of these leaflets , but I can't make head nor tail of them !
I'm not sure which would be better for me ; buying some insurance or putting my money in a Savings Deposit .
I was thinking of around 10,000 RIB .
And for the Savings Deposit ?
Wow ! A third more ? Very good .
My name is Han Ran , number is 050920 .
I ’ m from Living , Yunnan Province .
It's a very beautiful place in Southwest China .
Not very big . There are five of us — grandmother , father , mother , sister and I .
No . I'm still single .
Exactly what ?
What's the matter ?
What happened before ?
Oh , no . That's bad news .
Will you lose all your files ?
You're smart .
Did you call for a car service
Not at the moment . Where would you like me to take you
Well , it's a long way and there is roadwork near Broadway . I am not sure I can snake it in half an hour .
All right , I will try my best . If there aren ’ t any holdups , I think we can get there in time .
About $ 25 , tips not included .
Oh , yes , sure . Let me put it in the boot .
Not at all . Bang the door , please .
You are in luck . The traffic is not heavy today .
The supreme goal of ours is to be in the leadership in marketing .
Yes . We can make great efforts to make it become true as long as we have a clear goal .
I'm not sure .
Really ? I'm sorry . I did not know that .
Why can't you just let me off with a warning ?
How much is the fine ?
I have to be at court ?
All right . Just give me the ticket .
Yes ! Thank goodness you ’ re here.These bugs are driving us crazy !
We just bought this house and it is infected with just about everything . We have termites in the wood , cockroaches all over the place , and last night I saw a huge rat out in the backyard !
No problem , just get rid of the bugs !
yes , I was in my apartment in Beijing . Where were you ?
really ? Did you see the hijacked planes crash into and destroy the twin towers ?
that must have been horrible . Did you go out at all that day to see what was going on ?
did you know anyone who worked in the World Trade Center ?
did he survive ?
I'm sorry . That must have really been a nightmarish day for you and your family .
terrorist acts are deliberate and deadly and can affect every walk of life .
Yes .
Jenny Madison .
Nigerian .
15th of April , 1969 .
I am a painter .
7834623464 3367 .
In the Golden Mountain Hotel in Beijing .
Yes .
Yes . Ms . Gray . Is there something wrong ?
I ’ m sorry , Ms . Gray . I must have lost track of the time . I ’ ll get back to work , now .
Any particular decade ?
We had seven , but we sold one this morning .
You're in luck . Two of them have dancing figures .
Yes , that one is very nice .
I'm sorry , but you just have to take your chances .
Even if it doesn't work , it's a beautiful collectible .
Sure . Can we use it in Today Supermarket ?
I really don't know what to buy .
That's right . I know it must sound crazy to you , but we believe there will be fewer absences this way .
Right now , we have incentives encouraging employees to come to work as often as possible.But employees with colds and the flu are coming to work and infecting their colleagues .
That's right . If sick days were mandatory , sick people would stay home . We wouldn't have these company-wide epidemics .
I'm sorry I've already gone through my paycheck for the week .
No . Go to bed right now .
I am just looking , thank you ... Excuse me . Can you tell me where I can buy a pair of shoes ?
Thank you .
I just had a complete physical examination and passed with flying colors .
I understand that .
Yes , I once booked there . They give the immediate confirm information and flight information to both your mobile phone and e-mail . You can conveniently pay by credit card , so the whole transaction only takes a couple of minutes . They also provide e-tickets , meaning you don ’ t need to go to any office to pick an air ticket . You go to the airport directly and check in with your ID card .
Yes , therefore they are expanding the scope of their service . For example , hotels can be booked through the same site as well .
You need to get a car tag first . There's a one hundred Yuan deposit for the car tag .
Thank you . We'll bring the receipt up to your room when we get it .
Good morning , Mr . Yang . Thank you very much . Can I work now ?
I am sorry , I am just too excited and forget it . Can I look it through ?
Well , I am sorry that I have a question . There is no remuneration item in this agreement . Can you tell me something about it ?
But you didn ’ t tell me in the interview .
Okay , I can ’ t decide whether sign or not now . Can you give me some time to think it over ?
Yes . Thank you very much . Mr . Yang .
Pardon , where to , sir ?
All right . Hop in , please .
It usually takes about half an hour .
Yes . Moreover , since the street is heavy with traffic this time of day . I'm not sure we can make it . By the way , are you pressed for the time ?
OK .
Thank you .
No . It versa according to the distance , you can read from the meter .
I'm really sorry , Ethan . I tried so hard , but I'm afraid I could't find a Dutch restaurant in town . The best I could do was a German one about 15 minutes from here .
I though you said you wanted to have Dutch food ?
Huh ? What were you talking about , then ?
oath ... that makes so much more sense ! Ha-ha . Well , great , I don't like German food anyway !
I'm in the mood for some chips and salsa .
And they have tangy , freshly-made salsa , too . My mouth is watering already !
Surprise me .
No where special . I was just taking a walk .
To get a little exercise . I'm so out of shape .
That sounds great . Give me a call next time you guys play .
Let me see . Are dimes and quarters OK ?
Then you'll need small change .
Yeas , It is . Sewen Jes speaking . How can I help ?
Oh , I'm sorry to hear that , sir . What exactly is problem ?
Oh , dear ! I'll do whatever I can .
What kind ?
You need to keep a minimum balance .
You need at least $ 100 in your account .
Yes . That ’ s the minimum .
You will get a fine .
It ’ s going to be $ 25 .
It's Peter's turn .
OK .
I thought he only liked to listen !
He has a really good voice !
Hello , Miao Ping . It's that time again ; I want to convert my salary . You know , it's so annoying . I wish my company could just pay me in RIB .
Yes , I guess you are right . So , do you need my passport ?
Here you go .
Hi , this is Monica . I was wondering when we can work on this financial report .
Shall I see you on Friday morning ?
We must find some time to read report .
That ’ s all right . Then see you on Friday afternoon .
Oh , yes . I often went on business trips in the past six years .
I speak English and French in addition to my mother tongue , Chinese .
My present monthly salary is $ 1,500 .
I think so .
Thank you . Mr . A , and I certainly hope the answer will be favorable . Goodbye .
Well , i want to go to the university flea market , they got times of books , DVDs , and a lot of nice clothing , too .
Good idea , let's shop to we drop !
Yeah . There's an express that leaves in twenty minutes .
Sure .
Go to window number eleven .
What's your address , sir ?
Ok , someone will be there by 12:15 .
It's 2 dollars initially and 35 cents for each quarter mile .
No , I'll send a larger vehicle to pick you up .
What kinds do you have ?
Last time I tried a pin curl perm and a foam permanent . Set the wave a little looser than usual , please .
Of course you can . I am sure this one works very well . I just sent dozens of pages . How many pages are you sending ? Are you familiar with my fax machine ?
Yes , it will print immediately .
What do you need help with ?
Do you have any change ?
You need to put 50 cents into the washer machine and a dollar into the dryer .
The machines will turn on once you put the quarters into the slot .
That's everything .
I'm here if you need any more help .
I wish to buy a diamond ring .
Two carats .
No , it seems too old-fashioned .
Let me try it on , it's too small for me , haven't you got any larger ones ?
This fits me well , how much is it ?
It's reasonable . Here you are .
We are very glad to hear that . We are sure that there will be a bigger market for our products in this country .
We really appreciate your efforts . Before we go to the core of matter , can you give us some idea of them on which you would be willing to operate as our agent ?
That looks good . The room in the picture is bigger than your bedroom , so you wouldn ’ t be able to have all that furniture in your room .
You would fit both of them in your bedroom . Perhaps you could also get the dressing table . I think that one would look good in your bedroom .
Everything in this magazine seems expensive . You could probably find something similar in a discount store .
You can get cheap carpets easily . Another idea is to buy a rug . That would cover a lot of the carpet and you wouldn ’ t have to replace the carpet . It would save you a lot of work .
For 3 days $ 300 , for 7 days $ 600 .
Okay . I'll write up the paperwork .
Yes , I'd like a cheeseburger and a large order of French fries .
Yes , a medium Coke .
Yes .
To go , please . ( The attendant hands the customer his order . )
Well , not everyone wants to drink beer . Make sure there are some soft drinks and juice . Nothing ’ s as refreshing as iced drinks on a hot day .
Just buy a cask of wine . Have you bought ice yet ?
I think a bottle of champagne would be a good idea . It ’ s appetizing and tasty .
I'm going to the movie theater with my friend . What are you going to do ?
How about you see a movie with me and my friend ?
Not sure . Is there a movie out that catches your eye ?
Have you decided whether or not you would like to go ?
For sure another day .
Sporting goods ? Is that bike Tim wanted on sale ?
Well , maybe we could get it now and hide it until his birthday .
Don ’ t buy him underwear again . He hates that .
See anything else we need there ?
Shoes ? You already have a closet full of shoes .
Oh , all right . I need some new shirts , too . Let ’ s go after breakfast .
Hello . Can you help me ?
Oh good , come in , please .
Don ’ t tell me ! I ’ m sure it ’ s someplace warm and sunny with great beaches !
You are so lucky ! Send me a postcard !
Yes . I Would like make a reservation to Huston for tomorrow .
Oh , that's quite convenient . Thank you .
Well , I love hip hop dancing , so I should probably dance . Do you know how to rap ?
Excellent . I'll start practicing my dance moves .
I ’ m great . Thank you for asking .
Do I owe any fees ?
Could you tell me how much I owe ?
I can ’ t believe that .
I ’ ll pay them off right now .
I will pay with cash .
Yes . I want to apply for the accountant in your corporation and I think it is not beyond attainment .
Yes , of course . In accounting , cash means all items that are acceptable for depositing in a bank .
Forgive me , sir , I haven't been told what the problem is .
My apologies , sir . We'll transfer you to a new room at once and give you a full refund .
Sir , we never want a guest to stay here mad or unhappy .
Working for your company ! As the top administrative assistant in your firm !
Well , I haven't thought much about this . I think it's too early to tell . What is the most important for me now is to do the best possible job for the company and learn and develop my skills as much as possible . If the company is happy with my work , then , I think I would like to consider other positions in the company .
Well , a working relationship . I think a company is a place to get work done . Certainly friendly , open relationships among all company employees is important . But I think an employee should be serious about his or her work responsibilities and have a working relationship with the boss .
Which one do you mean ?
It's OK .
I observed the interviewer's manner , mien and gesture carefully besides paying attention to mine .
Of course . The manner of shaking hands can show a man ’ s character . For example , the interviewer who shakes your hand lightly , is a easygoing man although he looks cool .
You can discover interviewer's eyes because they can show his thoughts , and can judge whether he is interested in your words by his gesture and mien .
well , I ’ m very good with people . I ’ m honorable . I work hard . I work well under pressure . And I ’ m patient .
I like a person who works hard . I don ’ t like lazy people .
well , this is a challenging question . I suppose I would say that I ’ m a quick learner .
I think so . I think that I am good at what I do .
I ’ m not good at speaking in public . I feel uncomfortable when I speak in public .
Well , you know the time of shipment means a lot to us .
I see.OK , that's agreed then .
Irish coffee is my favorite . But I'm not particular on it .
Not very often . Making coffee is a bit troublesome . Most of the time , I just buy takeout at Starbucks . And also , I quite like instant coffee .
Exactly . Nescafe is the world's favorite coffee . People love it all over the world .
Yes . No doubt about that . For us , coffee is more a living style rather than a simple drink . I heard Chinese people don't drink that much coffee .
I suppose so . That's probably why there are so many wonderful coffee houses in China now .
What are you going to get ?
Well , do you want burgers , Chinese food , or Mexican food ?
Where are you going to get it from ?
I usually get my Chinese food from Panda Express .
The food there is actually pretty good .
You should . I know you'll like it .
Why don't you try an Americano ? Espresso with water .
Go with a hammerhead then-espresso mixed with drip coffee .
Don't worry , James . We'll get this case worked out in no time .
In America , most children start primary school at the age of five .
Kindergarten students usually only go to school for about four hours every day , but after that , they spend about eight hours in school every day .
no , most children in America only go to school Monday through Friday .
In most schools , they study about nine subjects .
some private schools require their students to wear uniforms , but public schools don't .
I went to a private school for elementary school and university , but went to a public school for high school . What about you ?
did you have to wear uniforms ?
at least you didn't waste time thinking about what you were going to wear every day !
Certainly . As my colleague just mentioned , sustainability is a major concern when examining the potential output of a resource . Of course , as you can see from the content of our presentation today , with renewable resource , there is a much larger sustainability than with non-renewable resource .
Yes , here you are . These tablets are very effective .
Take two tablets every six hours .
And take a good rest for a few days .
Um ... Uh ... I'm just looking , thanks .
No , no , no . I'm just browsing . Thanks anyway .
Um ... well , where's the men's shoe department ?
You do ? I just bought this outfit a couple days ago .
I bought it from the Macy's at the Santa Anita mall .
Thanks . I think you look nice today , too .
Those are nice . What are they ?
Those are great . How much were they ?
I think I might go and find me my own pair of Chucks .
Thank you . I am glad that everything turned out so well .
I took a cooking class at the Culinary Institute .
Isn't that great ? That is coconut ginger chicken with rice .
Yes , there is shrimp in there along with sea vegetables and lemon grass .
I appreciate you bringing the wine . It goes well with the chicken .
Yes , I have , sir . How long are you going on vacation ?
I recommend you this route . We call it golden routes for the sightseeing spots .
Of course , we will , sir .
Yes , on Monday .
I'm probably going to spend the day looking at cars .
Yes , I am . I'd like to be able to get around a little more .
Oh , I don't know.Of course , gasoline costs a lot these days .
A lot of people do . I'll try it for a while anyway , but I certainly don't want to pay a lot of parking tickets .
I don't think so . I'm just shaken up a little .
No , don't bother . I think I'm OK .
Yes , it's OK .
Yes . I booked a single room in your hotel for this Friday . But I ’ m sorry to say that I have to cancel it . My wife is very sick now . I don ’ t think she ’ ll be able to travel by this Friday .
Thank you . Can I cancel my reservation ?
My name is Tom Smith .
Thank you very much .
Hi , Clyde . This is my friend , Wen . She's visiting from UCLA .
OK ! I was just tellin ’ Wen about African-American food .
Hey ! That “ stuff ” is my grandma's cooking , and it's good !
Well , I am looking for some winter clothes for my fiancee .
Really ? What's that ?
I think my fiancee may favor the sweater in the shop window . Would you like to help me look for any skirts that go with this sweater ?
I especially like this flowery skirts . My fiancee will look very elegant in this .
I don't think the green one fits her complexion . Do you have any skirts in light color or tan ?
Oh , yes . I'll take this one . Can I pay by traveler ’ s check ?
Here you are .
China .
I just work there .
I'm here on vacation .
Almost three weeks .
Oh , I'm sorry , but there are a couple of different places I will travel to within the United States , so I wasn't sure what to put .
Ok , here you are .
Yes . I have some travellers cheques and two credit cards .
Nope . I only have my clothes and camera !
Hello , I come to pay my water and electricity fees .
Here they are .
Do you mean that I should pay 240 yuan in total ?
Cash , please . Here is the money .
OK . Thank you . Bye-bye .
Yes , I'd like to exchange some US dollars into RIB .
What's the exchange rate for RIB ?
I'd like to exchange 3,000 .
Yes . Here you are .
All right , thank you so much , good-bye .
I want to leave . We've already been here two hours .
I would rather buy them somewhere else .
I don't like shopping in malls . I like shopping on the street . There is more variety .
Alright .
The styles here are too boring for me . I told you . I like street shopping .
Sure I would .
Do they have it in LARGE .
Where is the fitting room ? I don't see it .
Okay , I will try it on .
I look like a nerd .
Well , I don't think it's the best style for me .
Alright . Alright .
Yes , maybe . But I like street shopping . There is more variety . I'm sorry . I just don't like malls .
Hmm . Your file shows that you watched ' Titanic ' Monday night .
Well , as they say , garbage in , garbage out . Let me correct this error , please .
When I deleted the $ 10 , the computer automatically added a $ 2 service charge .
Sir , if it makes you feel any better , the $ 2 service fee used to be $ 5 .
Unfortunately , sir , you'll have to pay the $ 2 , whether you like it or not .
What do you want to go to US for ?
Can I have a look at your letter of acceptance ?
That's OK . We'll contact you the moment we hear from home .
We'd like to take a tour to Florence .
We have got a 2 weeks ' vocation and we plan to leave on Thursday .
What's wrong with it ?
Can you tell me what the charge was ?
Are you positive that you didn't buy the purse ?
I'm very sorry . When was this purchase made ?
We're going to investigate this claim .
You won't have to pay for anything .
Well , the pulp falls from a box onto the first part of the paper machine , which is basically a wire bed with large holes in it , where most of the water is extracted .
Yes , it is . But we need to take out more water . So it then passes through a series of rollers , where more water is squeezed out . After that it goes through the dryers , which are at a very high temperature . The paper is then coated . And finally it's wound onto reels and cut down into smaller lengths .
Do you know how many you need ?
We can get started as soon as you fill out this form .
You won't be able to tell the difference with a magnifying glass .
Very good . You can pick up your order in one week .
We can do that , but you'll have to pay a little extra .
When will you set out ?
OK . There is one on Wednesday .
Eight hundred yuan .
No . It doesn't . But it includes all other on board activities .
Yes , I have booked a table for four . My name is Liu Fan .
Thanks .
Can we see the menu , please ?
Anything good for this evening ?
Very good , we'll take them all .
I'm here , hello .
I'm in Beijing , at the Weston Hotel .
I don't have it to hand , but I know the number . It's 16211469 9 . Can you do anything , like stop the card for example ?
But , what do I do if I need cash ?
Thank you so much . I'll find the nearest branch and come in tomorrow . Thanks again for all of your help .
I enjoyed talking to you too .
I think that would be nice .
Do you want to go out to eat ?
So I'll see you next time .
I'll talk to you later .
Goodbye .
What's your favorite dish or dishes ?
But a Chinese person would never order that .
Alex , you don't know what to order . Let's go to a Chinese restaurant together next time .
Get ready for the best meal of your life !
Let me weigh them for you . 1.5 $ .
Yes .
You have to pay $ 0.5 more .
You might want to try the mangoes .
It's a fruit a little smaller than a grapefruit . It has a big seed in it .
Maybe some animals eat the seed , but humans don't . You'd have to soak it for 10 years .
Today you get a 50 - percent discount . They're only $ 1 each .
Their flesh is soft and juicy . It has a citrus taste . It's sweet .
Just press into it gently with your thumb . If it feels soft , it's ready to eat .
These are from Guatemala , but we're going to start getting mangoes from India .
Uh , yes , they are .
What ?
Oh , for Pete's sake . This is cosmetic . My brows are falling out . I did this for convenience .
Mike , don't even think about it !
OK . I just want to read the comics .
Fully agree . I do enjoy the convenience though I am still a beginner in using Excel . The latest office equipment is more type-functional . It combines fax machine , copy machine and printer in one . It saves a lot of place , one machine instead of three .
When will we get one of those ?
It leaves at 8: 30 .
Just a moment , please . Yes , you can have a seat .
It's 38 dollars .
Here's your ticket and change .
Go to gate number 2 , please .
Don't mention it .
Yeah , why , is there something going on Thursday ?
Bob is retiring , wow ... that's news to me , I had no idea Bob was that old , retirement's still sixty-five , right ?
Wow ... I thought he was early forty stops , why would he want to retire so soon ?
I'm just looking .
Thank you .
I don't like it very much.But every-body likes their own food best .
Are you sure ? All the big cities have specialty shops , which sell all sorts of ethnic foods .
There's a bookstore just across the street .
They are reports of our company .
No , they are filed according to dates .
No problem , here you are .
Yes , certainly . I'll be back in a minute . Here you are
Of course , not.Let me check.Oh , you seem bo be correct .
Only ten percent tax is included in the bill .
It sure does .
You mean , what's happening ? Well , constable , I'm trying to get out of the windowand Fred here is helping me .
Well , you see I can't find the key and I'm in a hurry . Come on , Fred , We're wasting time .
No , it's my brother's . I'm staying with him for a while .
I'm afraid not . He's in jail for house-breaking at the moment .
He's awful ! He telephoned me four times yesterday , and three times the day before yesterday . He telephoned the office yesterday morning and yesterday afternoon . My boss answered the telephone .
He said , Pauline is typing letters . She can't speak to you now ! " Then I arrived home at six o'clock yesterday evening . He telephoned again . But I didn ’ t answer the phone !
Yes , he did . He telephoned at nine o'clock .
I said , This is Pauline's mother . Please don ’ t telephone my daughter again !
No , he didn't !
It goes all the way there .
I know it does . I catch this bus a lot .
The bus ride is only thirty minutes or so .
Right behind Macy's is a bus stop .
It's in the middle of the parking lot .
I know it is .
Where do you need to catch this bus at ?
I can tell you what bus to catch , but you have to walk a little bit .
The 267 stops at Altadena Drive and Fair Oaks .
Get on the bus heading west .
Del Mar and Hill .
No problem .
I suppose we can bring him to visit our company , as well as our display room . In this way , he can know more about our company and our potential power . In my opinion , visiting the factory will help him learn our manufacturing process very much .
Well , I understand .
Nothing but the best , Cinnamon toast .
Why the drama ? Have you been watching soap operas ?
Brings back memories ?
I had planned to . I can bring some from my place . And there's some more at my parents ' .
Of course , I have . There is one in my old house . And I have another one from college at my parents ' house .
Yeah , it is a good idea . You can stay in my house for the night if you would like to .
Sure , but I don't have hot water , yet .
No , they're coming tomorrow morning to turn the gas on . My phone should be working then , too .
Yeah , I can't cook anything until tomorrow , anyway . Let's go to the restaurant nearby . It's my treat .
The exact time ? Let me think . You know , it happened at night .
Oh , I remember . It was about 10 o'clock . When I was about to go to bed , suddenly I heard help outside .
It's just around the corner
Don't feel like it . I'm broke .
Just look around ? Ah , that's boring .
I'd rather say it's confusing . what are those " strict nutrition philosophies " about ?
Probably , Iris . That must be the job of nutritionists .
Oh , believe it or not , I came across an article the other day , saying that pizza is a healthy food .
Yes , I felt exactly the same way as you did just now . Scientists must be crazy in saying so .
Absolutely . I myself sometimes believe that healthy eating is just about feeling great . As long as I have enough energy , it's fine .
Oh ... I mostly just like to listen . You're the groom . Why don't you go first ?
How about As Long as You Love Me ? You can pretend you're singing it to your fiancee Brooke !
Thank you . I can't imagine the design of the new computer is so popular among computer users .
I am flattered . But I am not sure whether the manager is satisfied with it . She asked me to her office .
I feel nervous when I face her . She looks so serious when we have a conversation all the time .
It is said that the sales for the new computer did not meet the expectation .
I'm still nervous . I don't know what to say to the manager . I always feel ill at ease in that kind of place .
Yes . I have just got lost with my firiend.Can you page my friend for me ?
Here is his passport.Thank you very much .
Make sure that you understand the company . Do you understand what it is that they do ?
When you've finished your research it will help you figure out whether your company is rigid in philosophy or kind of more relaxed . Does that make sense ?
So all of that information will help you to pick out what to wear . Do you have something to wear ?
You know I could go shopping with you sometime if you need it , but can we talk about other basics ?
Focus on being relaxed and open , don't forget to smile and shake hands and be genuinely interested in what their company is about . I'm sure you'll do well .
I'd like to buy a toy car for my son .
It looks nice.How much is it ?
Oh , I'm afraid it's too expensive.Can you show me something cheaper ?
OK , I'll take it.Here ' s the money .
Frans Smith ? I think you may have the wrong number .
It is . But there is no Frans Smith here . Do you know which department he works in ?
The accounts department , no problem . I'm just putting you through now .
I found it a garage sale once .
Well , because I like you ... ninety bucks .
I'm looking for the cameras .
Is your boss coming by ?
Okay . Get back to your work , and call me back this evening .
Bye !
Wait a minute . I think we have missed an important point . We should include an arbitration clause in the contract .
I hope so . too . But I still think the provision of arbitration is of great importance to both of us .
I suggest the arbitration be held in a third country .
Ok .
It's a ETV palace ! I'm glad I brought my platinum card .
Where is Stanley ? It was his idea to have the bachelor's party at a ETV , wasn't it ?
Then I bet he's really good !
Yes , they are the latest designs . Would you like to try them on ?
The round shape pair ?
I think it suits you well .
120 yuan .
Do you have an appointment , Mr . Liu ?
Mr . Thomas is quite busy , I ’ m afraid he won ’ t be able to see you today .
Have a seat please while I call .
How did you do on your driving test ?
That's great and it was your first try .
What did I do ? I haven't done anything .
What do you mean ?
I didn't do anything .
No , I didn't . I'm innocent . Those aren't mine . Whatever you found is someone else's stuff . You can't prove anything . I wasn't there when you went in , and you can't prove it's my stuff .
I don't need your help , jerk .
Yes , we are thinking of placing an order . However we would like to know what kinds of machines are available for export and in addition your sales terms , including mode of payment , discount and possible date of delivery .
We have read about this in your sales literature . Could you give us some idea of your prices ?
Do you take special orders ? That is , do you make machines according to the specific requirements from clients ?
How long does it usually take you to make delivery ?
Good . One more thing , we'd like you to quote us on CIF basis .
6 500 yuan . You will get it on the price tag .
Its already very cheap . Let's make it 6 000 yuan .
Hum ... I say 5 500 yuan . That's as cheap as it can get .
I'm sorry , this is our rock bottom price .
Just a minute . I am as busy as a bee right now ... Ok , I am done . What can I do for you ?
Well , keep you chin up ! I ’ ll try to help you . Where are you going ?
Yes , no problem . You walk down this street . You turn left at the first intersection . Walk along that road , turn right at the corner . After that , you make a left-hand turn at the first traffic light . The Royal Hotel is on your right side .
Yeah , I think so . I think the hotel is right across the street from a post office . It is as plain as the hump on a camel . You can't miss it .
Yeah , it ’ s gonna take you a while if you go by foot . I ’ d say it's about a 30 - minute uphill walk . You have to be as strong as a lion to make it .
Well , you could take a bus there , but you would have to transfer buses twice . A taxi would probably be a lot quicker .
Not too long . It should take about ten mins by taxi .
You are welcome .
Yes . Can you show me the menu , please ?
Then , what's special tonight ?
All right . We'll have some seafood and vegetables .
I ’ d be glad to . Just leave them on my desk . I didn ’ t expect you to finish so soon .
Great . Good work .
But it's raining .
are you looking for somewhere for two people ?
yes , there are several place available in that price range near the university . do you have any other requirements ?
how many rooms do you need in the flat ?
ok . i've got a list of place that fit your requirements . let's just go through them . the first on the list costs 80 pounds a month , but it's on a noisy street and it's a little far from t
it's about two miles away . that might be a little far to walk . here's one that's about half a mile from the campus . the cost is 100 pounds a month and it's on a small street , just off a
of course . i'm not very busy at the moment . if you can wait for about 15 or 20 minutes . i can take you there .
You are just a little bit chubby , not paunchy .
More physical exercise may help to keep your weight down .
Unfortunately , he has left for the day .
I ’ ll make sure he gets the message .
Yeah , I went . Did you go ?
That's nice , have you been to the movies lately ?
It may have been random , but have you ?
I would love to catch a movie this weekend .
I don't want to see a movie by myself .
I think I might just go to the movies .
Sure , but let's get a pitcher this time . We should be able to down it before they close .
It's all the way to the back . See that yellow door ?
You're back already . That sure was quick .
Well , the bartender wouldn't give me the pitcher of beer.Anyway.He said it was too close to closing time .
Okay , let's go !
Oh . I am sorry , here you are . May I suggest our lunch special ?
Of course . I will be here minutes later .
I ran a virus scan on your computer , and it turns out that you have a lot of infected files !
Well , you have to make sure that your anti-virus software is updated regularly.yours wasn't up to date , that ’ s probably what was causing your problems .
Yeah , try not to kick or hit the computer !
OK , sir . How many people are there in your party ?
Of course .
It ’ s not my fault . Daniel always sends things flying .
Yes . I have been a data entry operator for three years .
I have working knowledge of Windows and Dos . Actually , I'm quite familiar with both Java and C + + Programming Languages .
Yes , I have an ACRE certificate , Bank 2 .
I'm sorry to say I'm not familiar with processing management information , but I'm sure I could learn quite quickly . It can't be too difficult , and I've got a quick mind . I can handle any problem you give me .
Tell me about it . If I was as small as her , I wouldn't think about going on a diet .
That's because you don't exercise . If you were more active , you wouldn't have a dieting problem .
I'm not on a diet though .
I like ice cream too much though .
It does sound appealing .
Okay . I'm in . Let's do it .
Can we start tomorrow though ?
Yes , it is . What can I do for you ?
Are they urgent , please ?
Well , DHL is famous for its speed and reliability . It is the fastest international postal service available . The document will arrive in two or three days .
Yes , I promise . Your document won't be broken or lost . All the items are handled by special staff and carried by a courier . It is reliable .
Please write the address and remittee on the express order and make sure there is no mistake on them .
This is your receipt which you have to keep until the remittee receives the express . You can also check your post on our web . The post number is on the top of the receipt .
What's the matter ?
Yes .
Dalian .
Really ?
Sorry . I'm afraid you couldn't .
Don ’ t worry about it . I have his pager number right here .
Forget it . It ’ s nothing .
Yes , it is almost new here .
It is a color TV . You know , the rich people like the digital one now . So they have no room for them .
OK , please be seated . May I have your name , please ?
OK , Woody . Why are you interested in this job ?
Have you worked anywhere else before ?
OK , your work experience is impressive , and I think you sound right for this position , but I do have 3 other people to interview , so you'll be hearing from us within a week .
Yeah , I don ’ t have to pay for a space on the street .
Well , last night it took me half an hour to find a spot when I came home from work .
Yeah , around seven . Most of the street parking is gone by then .
Yeah . I can live with it . It ’ s great to be living alone .
Fair to middling . A little hard to appreciate .
You see , I have these Euros , and of course they are of no use to me at the moment . So I'd like to save them in my account , but I'm not sure how to go about it .
I see . What's the interest like on those ?
Yes , I couldn't agree with you more . A 1 year time deposit it is !
You're welcome .
Well here . Help yourself to some shrimp . It's fresh .
We are interested in this field .
Good morning . What time is it now ?
I'm on time today
Yes , quite often .
No , I left home at 6:30 as usual .
Because the traffic is not crowded .
I need to make a deposit .
I ’ m depositing a check .
There you go .
Yes , please .
I want $ 150 .
Thank you , and have a nice day .
This weekend .
Don't worry about that.We have experience .
Yes .
Well . Obviously , you won ’ t want All Risks cover .
Because they aren ’ t delicate goods and won ’ t likely be damaged on the voyage . FPA will be good enough .
That's right . On the other hand , a WA policy covers you against partial loss in all cases .
Oh , lots of them . For instance , War Risks , TEND and SICC .
Are you going to make an offer today ?
Ok , I'll get this rate right away .
Certainly . ( Take a table-cloth to her )
A table-cloth of this size and style is 15 Yuan .
If you take good care of it , it will last you quite a number of years .
Would she like a laptop ?
A Mac is a very popular brand .
A 15 - inch Pro model is $ 2,100 plus tax .
This is a gift she'll cherish for years . How do you want to pay ?
We're almost through . Just sign here , please .
She'll be online 20 minutes after she opens the box .
Remember us for all your computer needs .
Yes . My name ’ s Mark Benson . I just started a couple of weeks ago .
Thanks , I appreciate that !
I need to know how much money is in my account .
Certainly .
Nothing . It's just one of those days . Everyone at the office is sick and I'm getting blamed for work not being done .
I'm sick of doing other people's job and getting blamed for not doing it right .
I wish he could understand . You know what , if this goes on , I think I will get stick like everybody else .
A compact please . What's the daily rate for that car ?
Does the rate include the cost of gas ?
That's good to hear . You've had an ideal recovery from your operation . We're going to send you home tomorrow .
Don't be in such a hurry . I'm confident that you'll be completely recovered in 4 to 6 weeks .
You'd better have a good rest for a week . Be sure to have regular meals . Stay away from alcohol . Give up smoking at least a little while .
Yes . I'm going to give you some . Take one tablet of this medicine three times a day before meals . For that one , two tablets . And remember to come to the outpatient department for a consultation in two weeks , please .
You're welcome . We wish you a speedy recovery . Goodbye .
Yes . I have no plans .
Yes , that sounds wonderful .
But wait , wait , will there be food that is not meat ? You know . I'm a vegetarian
The other day , I decided that I needed to loose more weight so I am going to try to be a vegetarian . And you know what ? I don't miss the taste of meat .
Yes , it really is . After having vegetarian diet . I have much more energy , I need less sleep , I feel calmer . I can maintain an ideal body weight without worrying about how much I eat and I can think more clearly .
Yes , maybe . But I feel better since becoming a vegetarian . Maybe you could also have a try .
Maybe you would change your mind after having a vegetarian diet .
Just say the word , sir .
I agree . The dew is still on the grass .
We do have a storage space for your bags . There's a small charge , plus a deposit .
Regrettably , no . But simply present your VISA to cover your deposit .
Okay , sir , but don't think too long . Your checkout is only 30 minutes away .
China Hotel .
Well , I think I'll take the bus this time just for a change .
Before 12 a . m .
Sure , company rules are not very strict at this point .
But remind you , there are some forbidden activities .
Don ’ t use office phones for personal matters .
Never ever come to work drunk , also smoking in the office is not allowed .
Good heavens ! Don't bring that frog in the house .
Yes , I ’ Ve nearly finished , June . I ’ m sure we will win something this week .
If I win a lot of money , I shall buy you a mink coat .
All right . If we win a lot of money , we shall travel around the world and we shall stay at the best hotels . Then we will return home and buy a big house in the country . We will have a beautiful
If we spend all the money , we will try and win the football pools again .
Just a moment , I'm coming . ( ten minutes later ) . Now , what would you like ?
Yes , certainly.Here you are .
It's written in English too , in smaller print.There .
Right . ( five minutes later ) Now , what are you having ?
All right , but would you be so kind as to make up your mind soon ? We're very busy just now as you can see , sir .
I want to check in .
No , I want a double room . By the way , is there any discount for children ?
Ok , please have me arrange one .
I usually just have a bowl of cereal .
Yeah , but I don't usually have time to eat a big breakfast .
What do you make ?
That sounds pretty good .
That is a very quick meal to make .
Oatmeal and toast sounds good to me .
Hello , Mr . Jones , its ...
Ei , OK , er .. Fred . Thank you for seeing me today .
Well , I ... I guess the weather . And the people . They were all very friendly to me .
Yes , I am . I was born here , and still live with my parents in the same house .
Hello . I'm having a problem with my air conditioner .
The one in the bedroom .
There's no cold air coming out .
512 .
I'm going out right now . But that's all right , you can come when I've gone .
Yes , I'm looking for Bob .
No problem , I can wait .
Yes , Ms . Ross ? What do you need ?
Good news ! I ’ ll be glad to . When do you need it ?
Hi . I would like to get an internet plan for my house .
I have no idea what kbps means . I just want to be able to get online , play games and chat with my friends . Oh , and watch movies online as well .
Do I have to pay an installation fee ?
Awesome !
Hi , Sandy . It ’ s Walter Knight . I need to book some time with Mr . Crane .
Can you see what his schedule is like on Wednesday ?
For the past 3 years , I have been working in China East Airlines Corporation Limited . I'm very tolerant of people and have been told that this is one of my strengths . I feel I have a lot to offer as a team member .
It's always been my dream to be a stewardess . And I like travelling to different places .
Well , a stewardess should be friendly , courteous , patient and treat passengers kindly and politely .
No , I know how to control my temper .
I would give him or her basic first aid and ask my partner to call for assistance at the same time .
I can begin to work right away because I am out of work now .
I really need more information about the job before we start to discuss salary . I'd like to postpone that discussion until later . Maybe you could tell me what is budgeted for the position and how your commission structure works .
For a batch of 6,000 we would charge two dollars a doll . your total cost would be $ 12,000 .
Well , we ’ d like to work with you . If you ordered a larger quantity we could drop the price a little . Can you increase your order to 15,000 ?
For order of 12,000 or more we charge only $ 1.5 a doll . your total cost would be $ 18,000 .
We do value your business . I think I can offer a further discount – say 5 % ?
That's no problem at all , but could you fill in this and I'll need to see some ID .
Yes , there needs to be at least 1 RIB paid in to open a new account . Also , you will need to choose a secret identity code to ensure no one else can enter your account .
Just 6 digits .
Things are going well for me , Dr . Smith .
Yes , I am applying for new health insurance , and I need a physical examination to qualify .
I ’ Ve been having a little trouble breathing . Would you look into that , please ?
I would appreciate it . When you give me a blood test , what are you looking for ?
I am expecting the tests to go well . I have been taking good care of myself .
Coming . What do you want today ?
Our fruit is very fresh today . Do you want some ?
Three for ten cents .
Anything else ?
Twenty eight dollars .
Hello , Mr . lie . I would like to discuss with you the feasibilities of establishing a joint venture with your company .
I suggest that we set up a board of directors for the management of the company and share rights and obligations as equal . That is very important .
Well , there does have one . Walk along the road and turn left when you come to a bystreet . It will lead you to the back gate of the park .
I don't think so .
Yes , of course . Do you like a jade necklace ?
Here are all kinds of jades . Choose whatever you like , please .
Yes . Natural pearls or cultured pearls ? We have both kinds .
Well , natural pearls are of higher value , but the cultured pearls have equal lustre and are just as beautiful .
I am sure you will find our prices are most competitive . Here is our offer . All the prices on the list are firm . If your order is a sizeable one , we could reconsider our prices .
As a rule , we don't allow any commission . However , as an encouragement for businesses , we will allow you a 3 % commission .
By the coming September .
Certainly !
Don't you have any luggage to check in ?
Do you have a seat preference ?
Here is your boarding pass . Have a nice day .
Is it urgent ? Would you like the express service ?
Yes , sir . Did you call the airline ?
Certainly , sir . What is the flight number and when are you leaving ?
Oh , I see , sir . We have the airline office inside the hotel . They have an English-speaking staff . Just dial 35 , please .
Yes , they have been concerned about me finding a job .
They want to recommend some jobs to me .
My father wants me to work as a trainee in his company .
My aunt says her company is in need of an assistant now , and she wants me to give it a try .
One of my friends tells me that his company is hiring in a large scale and he wants me to go for an interview .
I know . Let me think it over .
I will .
Great . But no talking , now . Don't forget that you are on a ladder . Take care !
Don't touch it with your stick . It's a bumble bees ' hive . Get down the ladder . Be quick .
You can get killed . No kidding . Remember , never stir up a hive .
It's for fun . And also , the apples here are Green Food .
Silly boy . Green Food means the plants grown without using any chemicals , fertilizers , and pesticides .
I heard they used ultraviolet lamp to kill pests .
Here you are .
I want to check these three pieces and I'll carry this overnight bag by myself .
Well , then , how much do I owe you ?
Sure he can . He can shake hands , roll over , and even play dead .
Yeah , but sometimes Bingo wants to play with me , but I don't have time .
My little brother likes to play with him . He even gives him a bath every week .
You know , you're right . Maybe you should get a dog .
Yes . Let's go Dutch .
You are always so hospitable .
Yes , what style do you prefer ?
OK , here you are .
Very well . You will need some stamps for the postcards and I need to weigh that package , too .
Well , it depends . Do you want to send it via priority , express or standard mail ?
Well , standard mail can take up to fifteen working days . Priority is a bit faster and will arrive in about five to eight working days . Express is the fastest , but it ’ s also the most expensive . It only takes three days and you can track your package online .
I am . What can I do for you ?
Come on in , please .
I don't feel so good , Mom .
No , Mom . I'm really sick .
Well , how long will it be ?
OK . We'll wait .
Sure . Where do you want to go ? Are you in the mood for anything in particular ?
Dumplings again ? ! Oh , Amy , let's try something new !
How about the Mongolian hot pot ?
Maybe we can try ' Yuanyang pot ' this time . You can choose the non-spicy soup base .
Yes . The sliced noodles they offer are among the most authentic Shanti cuisines .
Wait a minute . Let me throw on a sweater .
I like feature films best . How about you ?
I always like to see the oldies , like The Sound of Music , Gone with the Wind . They are realty the best - in the acting , the scene and the plot .
16 hours . Beijing is 16 hours ahead .
We are gaining a day .
That's right .
Sorry , I can ’ t ! I have to go to work , pick up Jake and Maddie from school , and make them an afternoon snack , then take Jake to soccer practice and Maddie to dance class .
Oh , I don ’ t know ... it ’ s hard to find the right nanny . You have to consider her previous work experience , the responsibilities you give her , and how she interacts with the kids . I would love to have someone to help me out , though .
Oh , that ’ s great . Thanks Grace . Can you give me her number ? I ’ ll talk it over with Dan and give her a call tomorrow . Maybe this way I won ’ t be so tired every day , and Dan and I might even get to go on a date once in a while .
Yes , we are almost ready to order .
Oh , that all sounds so good ! Can we get the sauce on the side ?
I was wondering if you have any vegetarian choices .
I think that I would like to order the broccoli noodles , please .
Please bring our salads to us now . We are hungry !
Yes , of course . What is it ?
Leave ? Why ?
What do you mean by something different ?
I'm really sorry . But I understand .
Yes . What can I do for you ?
We've got a bad line . Can you repeat that please ?
Sorry , the connection is terrible . I'll call you back because I can't hear anything .
Well , I'm here to get some help from you . I was hoping to have someone who we can deal with exclusively . On a long-term basis , if that's possible .
That sounds perfect .
Yes . What size are you ?
Try this on please .
The rent is 400 yuan a day .
I want to buy a hat .
Is this one fit for you ? It is nice .
How about this one ?
You must like this pink one , don't you ?
Fifty yuan .
How about forty-five ?
OK .
Yes , I'd like to try the blueberry pie .
No , I'm stuffed . I'm ready for the check .
Thank you .
OK . What do you think of it ?
I think so . But can I try another one ? I don't like the color .
Can you point out your mother for me ?
I feel itchy ! I can ’ t stand it anymore ! I think I may be coming down with something . I feel lightheaded and weak .
What ’ s wrong ?
Maybe it ’ s just a rash or an allergy ! We can ’ t be sure until I see a doctor .
Are you serious ? You always blow things out of proportion . In any case , I think I ’ ll go take an oatmeal bath .
Your company has a very good reputation , and I have been planning to visit it for a long time . What's the advantage of your factory over other plastics ones ?
Could you tell me the cost of production per unit ?
Rather nice .
It was raining when I left New York .
Thank you . I am glad that you are enjoying it .
I grew up cooking . My mother shared her recipes with me .
That is a special coconut ginger chicken with rice dish .
Yes , do you like it ? I added a little extra lemon grass and some sea vegetables .
Yes , thank you for bringing the wine . It really complements the meal .
It ’ s my pleasure .
Would you please tell me about your pay skill first ?
They sum my skills and experience . I ’ d like to start it with 4000 yuan a month .
Do I have paid vacation ?
Good morning . Would you like to tell me something about the computer ? I've never seen this brand before . What is your superior brand ?
Can you tell me the specialty of your computer board ?
What's the memory capacity of the computer ?
Can you give me a wholesale list ?
Is the price negotiable ?
My head hurts badly .
Since last night .
Yes , I even can't fall asleep these days .
Is it serious , Doctor ?
OK , thank you , Doctor .
Yes . I ’ ll have a room free next week .
25.00 dollars a week , but you can't have visitors .
Could you come back later ? We ’ re right in the middle of dinner .
I'm going to the store .
Would you like to come with me ?
Would you like to go now or later ?
What ?
OK , let's go .
No , it's too far . Let's drive .
Yes , sir .
Let me see ... it's $ 50 .
Sorry , sir . We receive credit card and cash only .
OK , sir . We will be there right now ... sir , your table is ready .
Sure , here you are .
Not much .
Oh really ? I didn't know that .
I haven't heard anything about it .
What time does it start ?
Yeah , I think I'll go .
You will .
Still , you should not let down your guard . Some details should be paid attention to .
You can also ask the interviewer about your performance today .
And it's best to ask about the second interview if necessary .
You can ask questions about the position you are applying for .
Of course .
Besides , remember to make acknowledgments through an E-mail or a call .
From 6:00 to 9:00 .
Certainly , Sir . What would you like to have ?
Fine.Have a nice stay here .
No problem . But , the postage is much higher than the regular package .
OK . All the registered airmail packages can be received in 5 working days .
It's 500 dollars .
Sure ! Please just fill in your I . D . number and ways to contact you here .
You had better include that because it is easier for the mailmen to find the correct mailing address .
Here is your receipt . Contact us if your friend still doesn't receive the package after 5 work days .
I'd like some info about your Payroll Services , please .
I see . How is it paid ? I mean , what payment methods are possible ?
That sounds pretty good . Tell me , must we use the same payment method for all of our employees ?
That sounds just perfect . I'll talk things over with some colleagues and get back to you . Thank you very much for the information .
What ’ s the number you are calling , please ?
What ’ s the name of the person you are calling ?
Thanks . What ’ s your name and phone number , please ?
Thank you . I ’ ll put the call through for you . Hold on the line , please .
Would you mind if I helped out in the kitchen instead ? I do enjoy cooking .
Cooking makes me feel relaxed . So , what are we cooking ?
Sure . We should probably pre-heat the oven right away , too .
That's a bit high for lasagne . I'll just set it at 180 degree and we can take it from there .
You know , I could do this myself . Why don't you go get the screwdriver and the pliers and go fix the vacuum cleaner so it works better ?
Well , if it's not broken , then you need to learn how to vacuum better , because it doesn't look like you've vacuumed for ages !
Yes , and it is 37 ° C .
Yes , I see . Thanks a lot .
Hi , I need to transfer some money to another account . It ’ s urgent .
No . I ’ Ve never made a transfer before .
A company account . I need to pay a bill .
I have all the information in this folder .
Oh , that ’ s such a relief . I didn ’ t want the payment to be overdue . Thank you so much .
Yes , here you are . Would you care to order now , Sir ?
Any vegetable ?
OK . Can I serve you anything else ?
All right .
Thanks . Try not to work too hard while I ’ m away !
Okay-bye ! Have a nice Christmas .
That's right . Let's go into the details .
Christmas doesn't come until almost the end of the year , right ?
Well . I am afraid it will be difficult for us to advance the time of shipment . Our manufacturers are fully committed at the moment .
As new orders keep pouring in , the workers are working three shifts to step up production .
I am sorry .
I said by the middle of Oct . This is the best we can promise .
Good . Let's call it a deal . We will do our best to advance the shipment , but your L / C should be opened early Sep .
That's good . Thank you .
It's good . It's a nice room .
Thank you .
I'd like to start at 3000 yuan a month .
Does it include bonuses ?
Very good .
We have made a lot of improvement in packing . You are welcome to see the sample in the showroom . I think you will find the new packing beautiful and quite well-done .
We are going to pack them in boxes with a colored picture of the blouse on it . Inside we ’ ll use a transparent poly bag for the blouse ready for the window show . You'll see that the blouses will appeal to the eye as well as to the purse .
Sure ! You just basically gotta let the caller know who they called , and ask them for their contact information so you can call them back .
That's more or less the idea , but try something that sounds more friendly .
A little too friendly Abby . Just say this , " Hi , you have reached Abby . I am unable to answer your call right now , but if you leave me your name and phone number , I will get back to you as soon as possible . Thanks " .
Yes , it is . It has some really good articles in it .
I didn't know that . How much does it cost to subscribe ?
I used to subscribe to it , but I cancelled my subscription last year .
I was the only person in my family reading it . Everyone in my family just likes to read Fashion .
I'm afraid you are beginning to look a little overweight . You really need to stop smoking . That's the main reason you're unhealthy .
Why don't you try smoking one cigarette less each day ? How many do you smoke each day now ?
Ok . So for one month , reduce the number you smoke by one a day . At the end of the month , you'll have quit . You should also buy a tracksuit and go jogging every morning . You don't need to jog far .
Be careful when you go jogging . Don't put yourself under too much stress . You're still a smoker shouldn't do too much exercises in your condition .
Good idea . Remember to eat healthily too . The trainers at the fitness centre will be able to advise you on your diet .
Great . Thanks .
I would like to transfer some money .
Take it from my savings account .
I want it transferred into my checking account .
I would like to transfer $ 200 .
That ’ s it for today . Thank you .
Just a few cookies .
Glad to tell you . The price of CPU is 300 dollars .
If you order a large amount , we can give you a discount .
The price of CPU is 260 dollars above 1,000 Units .
I'm sorry , but to be frank , considering exploiting the market in your country , we have already supplied you at very low preferential price .
It is so hard to deal with .
This price is the best we can make .
Yes , I want to buy some grapes .
People say grapes from XinJiang are much sweeter than other kinds . Please give me a kilo of that .
Make sure they are fresh .
Well , I'm afraid we've had a slight delay .
The cement arrived late but don't worry , I'm confident we can still meet the deadline . The crew is on stand-by and as soon as the concrete has set we can get started again .
I hate to complain , but this soup is too salty .
I hope to apply my knowledge and experience on the job and make further improvement .
It is quite important for all of us . Without clear goals , one may lose direction and cannot pave the way for their future .
As a graduate , it may be more important to develop myself effectively in my future work . And whatever job I may take , I will make the best efforts .
I will make full use of the chance and get myself ready for the challenges all the time .
Salary is , admittedly , important , but I will care more about what I can learn from the job .
I would take it . After all , interest is not the only thing one should care about .
There are such shops living on selling parts . I don ’ t like their service either . All they want is your money . But in the long run , they will be losing costumers . Anyway , car service business is new in China . We all have to control what they are doing . Otherwise , they will not improve .
Yes , there is . Those organizations exist . You always can call a lawyer if you need legal help .
Glad to meet you . This way , please .
But it's quite convenient for you to go to any part of the city . The subway is nearby .
Yes , the main stockholder is International Business Machines Corporation , namely , IBM for short .
I wish to work in the planning department .
I expect to operate computers .
I wish to move up to higher positions with acquisition of more experience in the future .
It's a twenty-minute bus ride .
I ’ ll work here as long as you expect me to .
I ’ Ve thought about that a lot . I know that many women take a job , planning to make a career of it , and then they change their mind . But I am hoping to make it my lifetime work . So if I get married , I will find some ways that I can continue my work .
I think so .
Ever since I was a young girl , I ’ Ve been clever with my hands . I ’ Ve always enjoyed doing detailed work . If I could use that ability to make your products a little better and to benefit the company , I would be happy .
No , nothing in particular .
I'll first get further information about our goals , ways , counterparts and management , etc . . Then I ’ ll make my plan . And then I ’ ll go with all my effort to see it is realized .
I ’ ll report it honestly . I ’ ll give a correct analysis . I may quit the job - and pay compensation . But I have my way to judge whether I fail .
People are supposed to work hard within regular work time , especially when it is an important work that is highly paid for . I don ’ t mind work over spare time if it is paid for .
Getting more experience with a widely-known company like yours . Using my speciality in marketing and management . And getting advancement in salary and position . Show my enterprise , confidence and character in passing .
I would select the individual that has the most qualifications among all the applicants . He doesn ’ t have to be the person if we have to fill the vacancy . But he has to be the best , even if we have to pay him higher .
I will feel it is a pity . But I will not feel so bad . I will go for other interviews until I am employed satisfactorily . Hopefully before I find another position , you will call me back .
That ’ s fine ... I need to pick up some stationary-you know , a stapler , scissors , files , who should I see about that ?
Thanks . I need to make a few photocopies .
Do you enjoy working in this office ?
What ’ s usually discussed at the department meetings ?
I'd love to . Do you often come here to dance ?
You are waltzing quite wonderfully . It's great to dance with a experience and talent partner .
Ok , that would be great . Do you like modern dance ? I don't care for it .
Are you sure there is enough paint for the house ?
No problems . What color ?
Really ? How did it go ?
I have just checked in this afternoon . I am wondering what shall I do if I want to have some clothes washed .
That's convenient.Thank you .
Yes , I'm looking for a job as a clerk typist in English .
My name is B . How are you , Miss Kelly ?
Thank you , Miss Kelly .
I can type 120 words a minute and I take shorthand at 80 words a minute .
Yes , I would .
Yes , I'd like to give it a try .
Let me run and check .
You can find one at the ticket office .
You are welcome .
What is that ?
Cool !
What about all these other pieces ?
And these two ? They are husband and wife ?
Nah ! This is boring ! I ’ m gonna go play Killer Zombies on my PlayStation !
You are in the right place . Roll up your left sleeve and have a seat .
Your doctor wants to know what your white blood cell count is .
Usually if your white count is off , the doctor suspects an infection .
It is only a pin prick . I have to put this tourniquet on your arm to make the vein easier to find .
That blood that just filled the tube is all that I needed . Thanks for coming in !
Is it possible for me to buy some RIB at this counter ?
That's a relief ! I was a little worried about it ; I left England in a bit of a hurry .
Well , I'm only here for 3 days , so I think 500 GAP should be plenty .
What size pan were you thinking of ?
Well , this one might work for you .
Here , lift this aluminum pan . It's the same size .
Here's a similar aluminum pan . But it has a heat-resistant handle .
I knew we'd find the right pan sooner or later . How would you like to pay ?
Oh , no problem . Here's the lid that comes with the pan .
Don't you think it's a little early to be looking for schools ? We haven't even had the baby yet !
You are going to be such an adorable father ! Tell me about this school .
What about inside the school ?
I think our child is going to love it !
How would you like to send it ?
Sixty cents please .
Please write down the zip code in the mailing address .
OK . please give me twenty cents .
You're welcome .
Really ? Let ’ s hit the road .
That's right . Let's go into details of it .
Christmas doesn't come until the end of the year , does it ?
Well , I'm afraid a little bit difficult for us to advanced the time of shipment . Our manufacturers are fully committed at the moment .
They are already working three shifts a day to step up production as new orders keep pouring in .
I'm sorry .
By the middle of October . This is the best we can do .
Good . Let's call it a deal . And we'll do our best to advance the shipment , but your letter of credit should be opened early September .
Two hamburgers and French fries .
Give me two cokes also , please .
We'll eat here .
And can I have some ketchup , please ?
Hello . I called earlier in the week and spoke to someone in the personal loans department about an overseas study loan . She said to come in as soon as I had the chance , as this must be done in person . I'd like to apply today .
Yes , yes . It's all here . There you go . I'm not sure if I need any other proof or guarantee to get this loan , do I ?
Yes , I read about all of these in the brochure and decided which would be more suitable for me . I'd like to go for the guarantee mode , please .
OK , that's perfect , 70 % is excellent , it'll be a big help . Thanks .
Sure . My number is 545-8897 , and I live at 908 Mulbury Street .
That ’ s right .
I ’ m sorry , Jeff . Please don ’ t interrupt me right now . I ’ m in the middle of a conversation .
That ’ s all right . I ’ ll be finished in a little while .
My stomach is bothering me .
I had a ham sandwich with mayonnaise for lunch .
It could be bad food , but I didn ’ t feel so well yesterday , either .
I haven ’ t been under any more stress than usual .
I feel like maybe I am coming down with the flu .
Take me to the railroad station . Can you put my baggage in the trunk ?
Over there .
They're just gifts I bought . Don't worry . They are not heavy .
Thanks , but I don't want to put you into any trouble .
I ’ m just looking for a nice pillow on Ebay .
Why ? I don ’ t have to leave the house or browse a dozen stores to find what I ’ m looking for . This way , I just search for it online quick and easy .
Well , the website handles a point system where if the seller does something wrong , people comment negatively and then you know that he or she may not be trustworthy .
You can use a credit card or your debit card . They also let you use the Paypal system which is really safe and fast . I have never had any problems with someone hacking my information or anything .
You can find anything ! Are you sure you want to start shopping online though ? Once you step into this world , there is no turning back !
I know , sweetie . Just open wide . Don't talk .
Oh , you've got a fever . One-oh-one ... time to break out the children's Tylenol .
We're not turning on the heater in May ! You need to take a bath . We'll heat you up and see if you can sweat this thing out .
Alright , Ma'am . What items would you like to order today ?
You may tell me both , Ma'am .
The Merriman satin sheets ?
And what size would you like ?
Alright , Ma'am . And what color did you want ?
So that is product number MS2119 , Size
Certainly .
Satin is like silk , Ma'am . It feels like silk . But it's a different material .
Anything else today ?
Alright . With shipping charges , your total will be 68 dollars . Will you be paying with credit ?
Visa , Master Card , or American Express ?
Card number ?
Expiration date ?
All right , Ma'am . I will run that charge for you . And then I will get your address in a moment
No one .
Yes . We have socks made of various materials . These socks are of imported wool .
Yes , absolutely .
Here . We have black , white and transparent panty-hose here .
That's right , Ms . Bower . How are you ? I'm not sure if I ’ ll be able to fit you in this week , I ’ m afraid .
All right , then . Why don't we say next Tuesday at 11:30 a . m . ?
Just about . It should be done in the next couple of days . Why ?
I ’ ll give him a call .
Better now . We are just back from the hospital . We were lucky to meet a well-known doctor .
He said that he had a really bad cold .
The dispensary closed . Here is the given prescription .
Probably not . Some medicine we need is ethical drug which you can't buy without a prescription .
I'll go back home with Danny . You go to the pharmacy again .
What ? How come ? The third time ?
Be careful .
I'm afraid I can't . Parking is not allowed here .
There is a square in front of us , we can park the car there .
I'm not sure , you know I'm not familiar with the city , too .
No , that's too risky .
I'm planning a trip to Europe .
Well , what's the price of this route ?
There are several types of medications that we can try for your high blood pressure .
For water retention , I am going to start you on Hydrochlorothiazide , which is a diuretic .
You need to stay hydrated on this drug , but most people experience little side effects .
For now I want you to take a second drug , Lisinopril , an ACE inhibitor .
The most you will experience will be a dry cough but you probably won ’ t experience anything negative .
I have no idea . I have no appetite .
Let's go there then . Is it a Chinese restaurant ?
I hope so .
How much is a round-trip ticket to London ?
In the second week of September .
In that case , I'll go after the 15th . How much are the off-season fares ?
Okay , I'll take it . ( to be continued )
Do you know what kind of pass you want ?
There are passes for a day , month , and week , and there are student passes .
Let me see your student ID .
Thank you very much .
The monthly sticker is $ 24 , but the actual pass is free .
We appreciate your business .
Do you have any homework today ?
Go and do it now .
Yeah , it's the last world-wide horti-cultural exposition in the century , and one of the grand festivities of cross-century significance held by the China's tourism industry .
Oh , there's plenty . Flowers and plants from all over the world , of course . Besides , gardening techniques are demonstrated , modern facilities displayed , academic exchanges and seminars organized , and folk performances of different nations shown almost every day .
Oh , can't compare with the Kunming Expo at all ! The Kunming Expo covers an area of 218 hectares , and more than 9000 flower enterprises from over 100 countries and regions are invited to participate in the Expo .
Far more than that , I dare to say ! Inland provinces and cities , Hong Kong and Macao , as well as many countries and regions in the world have an exhibition area of their own to display their unique flowers and plants . Each month there's a special day for a particular country or region , and folk performances are given . You will feel it a great pity if you missile Kunming Expo .
Yes , I do it quite often .
Simple , it's fun .
Ah , that's the biggest fun of all . You see , even though you're not a good singer , people will listen to you .
But I like the feeling .
Can I get a burger and a large fries ?
A large coke , please .
Eating here , please .
Yeah.But Bob's talent can't to be named on the same day with Carl's .
We cannot judge a man totally by that .
What a good idea !
We could go to more places this time , if you liked .
When shall we go and look ?
No , let's go on Saturday .
Where shall we go ?
No , I don't like that place . Why don't we try the garage Martin recommended ?
My name is Wang Lin . My English name is Linda .
Yeah , like it very much . My name has become a part of me .
I live in the Haitian District .
Yes , I ’ m 38 years old .
Thanks .
My birthplace is Yentai .
I've got a sore throat and my chest hurts .
It has been two or three days .
Thank you very much .
Thank you .
Tell me about fees .
I want to know about overdraft fees .
How much ?
That ’ s not a small fee .
That ’ s for sure .
That ’ s all I needed to know . Thanks .
Where to , sir ?
Please hop in .
It ’ ll take about 20 minutes .
Yes , they are .
Yes , it is . Are you in a hurry sir ?
Yes , sir .
Not at all . What would you like to see first ?
Let's walk around the lake first , shall we ?
Have you been here before ?
I will take you to Li River after walking around here .
Yes , you'll be in a different world there .
Send it by the fastest way .
How much ?
OK .
Is that so ?
Have you decided ?
Could you tell me why you want to quit ?
Oh , that sounds terrible . Would you be happier with higher pay here ? I'm sure something can be worked out .
OK . I'd like to say that I've really enjoyed working with you.However , I think you should work harder at your new job and then you can ask for higher pay .
Good evening . We want a dinning room with a table for eight .
No , thanks . We have made a reservation before .
My name is James .
Thanks .
I would like to go to Europe for a visit ? Can you recommend me an interesting city ?
Do you have a package tour to Paris ?
What did you do ?
You have a lot of plants .
That takes some time .
I'll bet he enjoyed his walk .
That's a lot of work .
I'll bet you were hungry !
What are you doing ?
You are sick , young lady . Get back in bed ! I called you in sick today , so you're going to lie down and fight that flu !
Then maybe you should go to school . If you're feeling so much better , you'll ace that English test , right ?
Much better , thanks . I have been resting all day . Only with television as my companion.In fact , in the whole week the only thing I feel like doing was watching TV .
I started with game show this morning , I really enjoy them , and even answered the most of questions correctly .
At 2 o'clock , I switched to the Channel 6 , and watched a terrific movie without commercials .
I want to watch it , but I was already tired by the time it came on . I had a rest instead , then I watched the news at Channel 11 .
A bank was robbed this afternoon . A reporter on the scene covered the event , the live coverage reproduce the robbery to the live .
Hello . Is that Nicholas ?
Never ! Do you know his new number ?
Yes , I do . Go on .
4945939 . Marvellous ! Thanks for your help .
Two boxes of transparencies for the over-head machines .
All right , Mr . Jones . Do you think we ’ ll need anything else ?
I like listening to different kinds of music .
I enjoy Rock and R & B .
I like the different instruments that they use .
Yeah , I think so too .
I sure did !
I voted for Obama .
I knew he would win .
He was the best candidate this year .
I guess America is finally maturing .
Yes , sir . We have the all-inclusive luxury cruise . Maybe you would like to look at the itinerary .
Yes . What about this one ?
Yes , I have one of your buy one , get one free coupons , and I'd like to order two large pizzas .
Delivery , please .
Sure . It's 2331-7600 .
2244 Forest Drive .
It ’ s quiet and clean . I love the color scheme .
I really like it here .
I have been working as a paralegal for the last 10 months through an agency that specializes in the legal field . My experience has been supporting attorneys in the field of labor law , where I have been able to apply my paralegal education . I was commended on my ability to take information and break it down into usable facts . I really love research and analyzing facts . My major in college was English , and as a result , my writing skills are my major strength . I am looking for a position where my research and writing skills can be used .
Flexibility would certainly rank high in this type of job . In my last position , I supported four lawyers , and it was not unusual for them all to give me high-priority items to do in the same day or week . There were days when I had to stop and prioritize my work just to get a handle on everything . I would discuss the urgency of their work with each of them so I didn't drop the ball . At the same time , I made sure each of them felt like his or her project was important on my agenda . I think communication is probably the next key quality . It really worked well when I talked with each of them , explained my situation , and got their input .
There was a very important project that had to be researched and completed by the end of the week . Even though I worked extra hours every night for almost two weeks , my boss and I stayed until 2 a . m . for two nights before the final wrap up . It was very rewarding to have put so much effort into a project and see the really great results . My boss gave me a bonus for my extra effort .
I remember a case that was filled with obstacles . The first thing I did was research through documents and past cases that had similar circumstances . I assembled the facts and then tried to put them together and analyze the next step . I was able to get some input from another lawyer I happened to see at lunch . Through some hard work and fact digging , I was able to find a way to overcome most of the obstacles . I took my findings to my boss and made some recommendations , which she and I discussed and eventually resolved.My boss was impressed with the work I had done .
My strengths are my caring about getting the job done . I am very results-driven and have been able to meet all my deadlines in past jobs . As far as weaknesses , I really enjoy my work , and sometimes I put in too much time . But I am aware of my tendency to overwork and have learned to pace myself more .
I did have an issue with someone who was getting on my nerves . I asked her if I could talk with her one day , and we had a good discussion . It turned out she was not aware of the impact of her actions and that she really needed an explanation of the procedure . I took the time to explain the procedures , and there haven't been any problems since that day .
My biggest satisfaction is when I experience growth in a job . When I first started as a paralegal , I had a lot to learn . But through hard work , advice from some good mentors and continuing education , I have come a long way . I've learned to be flexible when possible and to deal with difficult people in a positive manner .
First , they'll say I have a lot of energy and enthusiasm . I really enjoy working with people . Secondly , they'll say I had great customer service skills . I put the customer first . And thirdly , they'll say that I know the law . I put a lot of effort into my education as a paralegal and take it seriously .
Yes , I do . On a scale of one to 10 , what would you say morale was in this company ?
I am going to the Capital Hotel .
About how much it will cost ?
On the meter ?
OK.let ' s go .
That's right . I've only had some part-time jobs working in department stores .
Yes , I liked math in school .
Yes , I enjoy working with people .
Yes , I had an American tutor for two years . I had two lessons under her every week . Would I be using English every day is this job ?
No , I'm afraid I don't . I'd be glad to learn .
I would if I could .
Yes , with pleasure .
I like word games .
I don't like it at all .
I'm not one for the games .
What about playing go ?
Sure . If you get on this road and turn left at the second intersection , you'll see it on your right-hand side .
You are welcome .
Do you have to work late at the computer company again tonight ?
How much longer will Mr . Schmidt be up in the mountains ?
Sorry , I'm supposed to be with my son .
Thanks . I appreciate it .
Well , I ’ Ve bought a lot of meat . I ’ Ve got pork chops , small steaks , chicken wings , and plenty of hot sausages and hamburger patties .
I think so . I bought some paper plates and cups for people to use . It will save on the washing up !
They sell them at the shop around the corner . We can go and get some in a few minutes .
I have the sauce , but remind me to get some ketchup at the shop .
It only takes a few minutes . Some people like their meat well done . Others like it rare . The great thing about a barbecue is that everyone can choose how they want their meat cooked .
I hope you haven ’ t invited any vegetarians !
I think the job should make use of the professional experience I have obtained , and offer me opportunity for advancement .
I feel my background and experience are a good fit for this position and I am very interested.What ' s more , your company is outstanding in this field .
My graduate school training combined with my experience as an intern should qualify me for this particular job . I am sure I will be successful .
Your company is very reputed in this city . I heard much praise to your company .
I ’ m not so satisfied with it .
I'm now a secretary in my present work unit . My work is not interesting . I have to type , make copies , book tickets and so on . Everyday I follow the routine . Furthermore , I have studied English for four years at university , but I can ’ t use it there . They are the reasons I plan to change my job .
One of my relatives told me that your company needs someone who can speak English . That's just the job that I have been looking for
I'm from Germany .
Yeah , but I can speak English , too .
A little French .
Do you want to know the honest answer ?
You had pretty bad scores .
You failed .
There are a couple of reasons why you didn't pass .
To sum it all up , you really just don't know how to drive .
Sure you can , in about two and a half weeks .
It's definitely your size .
How do you prefer to pay ?
Now , if you'll just sign here .
I hope you enjoy your purchase . Good-bye .
I certainly did . Do you want to come in and give me some feedback about your weekend ?
How did the business trip go ?
I understand . The last time I went on a business trip with the boss , I didn't even have enough to eat !
Our company is quite conscious of the environmental problems that frequent flying causes .
I can ask the boss about giving you the day off today .
No problem . Did you bring any gifts back for your department ?
Go to Gate 56 , the plane is now boarding , you must hurry .
Instead of walking you can take this shuttle to get you there faster .
No , I will call the attendants at the gate . I'll tell them you are on your way .
You're welcome , have a safe trip .
How would you like them ?
Is there anything else ?
This area here is where we keep our raw materials . The main production area - our machine hall - is situated next to it . Maintenance is situated between the stores and the production area . Just to the right of Maintenance , there are steps up to the Lab and the Admin Section . Process Control is also on the upper level . It's located above the factory floor so that the operators can monitor everything that is going on below .
It's near the Wall Street , a bit far from there . Why not get on the car
Of course . More than that , you have Italy pizza , English steak , kimchi and local specialties .
Yes , I'd like to buy a new computer , but I don't really know much about them . Can you give me any suggestions ?
Laptops are more expensive , right ?
I'll just get a regular home computer then . I don't think I'll need to lug my computer around with me .
I'm fine , Dr . Beecham . Yes , just a cleaning and check-up today .
( She probed my teeth and checked my gums . ) Well , it looks like you have a cavity and your crown is loose . We need to fill that cavity before it gets any worse and the crown needs to be refitted . Make an appointment for next week and I'll take care of them .
Since you had that done here , we'll take care of it . There won't be a charge . And , your insurance should cover the work on the cavity . Now , I'm going to have the hygienist do your cleaning and I'll see you soon for the other work .
Because that company's behavior is not in accordance with international law .
Yes , I suppose we must . I have enjoyed all these days that you have spent with me , and I'll always remember them . I've learned a lot from you . Thank you for all your kindness .
I hope so , too .
I'm really glad to hear that
Good-bye , Mr White . A happy journey home , and hope to see you again soon .
Well , why don ’ t you use a local SIM card ?
Yes . Just go to the convenience store and ask for a SIM card . Then insert it into your phone .
Well it ’ s 100 RIB for the SIM card then it will cost you about 10 RIB per minute to call the UK .
No . We broke up last month . I ’ m taking a break from dating for a while .
We just decided to stop seeing each other . It was all very amicable . Are you still going out with mike ?
Good for you ! Have you seen Kelly recently ? Is she still dating nick ?
She was right to do that . I heard the Neil and Tina getting married soon .
I think it ’ s 26th September . I ’ ll check and make sure that Tina remembers to invite you to the hen night .
He certainly looks interested , doesn ’ t he ? Shall we invite him over to our table ?
How did I do ?
Really ? I thought I was doing well .
Not much . I started exercising .
Yeah , and I need to start improving my health .
That's about all .
Sleep is good too . I heard people who sleep an average of eight hours a day have less health problems .
True . But I think it is worth it . When you get old , you want to be healthy and active .
Indeed . Online banking enables you to make on-line shopping .
Bring your ID card and fill out a form . That will be fine .
I think online banking can change your money habits and it is quicker than ATM processing speed .
No .
Sure , what's happened ?
Never mind .
It doesn't matter .
Oh , it's nothing .
Not a bit of it , don't blame yourself .
Sure , what I can do for you ?
You can just put Dear Sir or Madam , officialese not personal , you can write to whom may concerned .
Good ! But also , write off the bed you want to tell them the reason of your writing , give them more reference .
Right , do you need them to respond ?
You can tell them " Please finding the enclosed customer service survey , else also , you can say Attach a customer survey . If you need resource it right away , you can tell them the urgent by saying Please return the survey without dely as soon as possible . Maye it more polite with this as early as convenience .
I need to hire you .
I need you for my court date .
I ’ m being charged with a felony .
What is your price ?
I can ’ t afford that .
That ’ s expensive , but I need you .
We have a few different wholesale vendors , so our cost varies a bit over the fiscal year . But the difference is miniscule , a fluctuation of about 0.2 % .
Retail price is 29.95 per unit . We take into consideration changes in supply cost when figuring this price .
No , that's the price before tax . The tax rate is varies from different marketing areas , so it is difficult for us to figure in .
Our profit margin is in the neighborhood of 20 % .
I'm not very sure.but I know ruby is less valuable than diamond .
I got it from an encyclopedia .
I'm not quitting yet . You know my favourite slogan , don't you ?
Right !
Ok .
Ahahah , and I thought you were tired .
It sure looks special , looks expensive too .
Don't worry , Marian , I've got you covered .
I'm just shopping .
Some new clothes . How about you ?
Have you found anything nice yet ?
Where'd you get those ?
Those are really cute .
I would like that . Thank you .
we ’ Ve thought about it , but my husband and I can ’ t afford it right now . The only thing we could afford would be living in the slums , which is something I don ’ t want to do .
like what ?
that ’ s a good idea . Do you know anyone who has done that before ?
is the house pretty run-down .
was it very old house ?
is it in a good location ?
I'd like to look at your stereo systems . Do you have anything on sale ?
But it doesn't have a turntable . I have a fair number of vinyl records , so I need something to play them on .
Did you get laid off ?
You may collect unemployment if you are working fewer hours or got laid off .
No , some jobs are exempt from paying into unemployment .
Your employer can tell you if you have been paying into unemployment and now qualify to collect .
It depends on how much you earned . When you file , they will determine the amount .
Yeah , I ’ Ve been working so much overtime lately .
My boss gave me a big project . I had to have it finished it by this morning . It was so difficult !
I know . But hard work pays off , you know .
Maybe now I ’ ll get that promotion I was hoping for .
Good afternoon , Miss Li .
Nice to see you , too .
Fine , thank you . And you ?
Yes . Could you guide me to where I can change money ?
Thank you .
I like popular music best .
Who is your favorite singer ?
Do you know this song ?
Let's sing it together , shall we ?
It would be good if you could get them to me by Thursday afternoon , Ms . Barkley .
7880 Crofton Avenue , Building 40A , Room 304 .
Just plug the Ethernet cable into your computer , and a prompt will tell you the payment options .
That's too bad . But there are several alternatives , if you want to hear them .
We run a fully equipped computer lab on the first floor .
The service is free to hotel patrons . However , printing costs ten cents per page .
Alternatively , we do offer wireless in our lobby . You can bring your laptop down here .
You would have to use the computer lab . I'm sorry for the inconvenience .
I feel kind of stupid .
We got lost coming back . I guess I don't really know this town yet .
No . We took a wrong turn somewhere.And Joseph doesn't know the town at all . So I started giving him directions.But I didn't really know where we were . So we got seriously lost .
I know I could have . But finally we asked someone where we were .
Guess where we ended up .
When we finally decided to ask someone , they told us we were in Grangerfield .
I don't know.The person we asked had to give us directions to the highway to get back here .
I know it is . I don't know how it happened .
What ?
How ?
Oh , that's what you think , huh ?
You know what , Trish ?
I hope so . I really hope so .
No , I wasn't . It's kind of hard to watch the road when Joseph is behind the wheel .
Teachers are just directors who give scope to the students ' initiative and creativeness , instead of taking their rights away from speaking .
I divided students into groups and asked them to generate their own ideas actively . It can help develop the problem-solving ability of the students .
They wanted to go out , and so they made me look after my baby brother .
No , I didn't . My brother was very good and I did quite a lot of homework .
Not really . I watched television for an hour .
Boxing . It was excellent .
What did you do last night ?
Yeah , I accidentally dropped my phone in the toilet .
Sounds good . I don ’ t want it to be too expensive , maybe something mid-range .
What about Wi-fi ?
One last thing . Is it waterproof ?
Yes . How much do you want ?
One dollar to five francs . Is that all right ?
Of course , we can .
10 o'clock in the morning to 2 o'clock in the afternoon .
Not at all .
Well , we can proceed with the order until after the Christmas holidays . Our factories will be closed for another week .
No problem . Once we get your purchase order , we will begin the execution of the order right away .
That will be fine . And I can promise you that you'll get the goods about two weeks after we get your purchase order .
Who ?
There ’ s nobody here by that name .
I'd like to try some Chinese food .
I have no idea . Could you recommend some to me ?
Oh , I see . I'd like to have hot food .
Really ? So do you have some specialties ?
All right . I'll have them .
So you knew it was me ?
Look , before we get into the secret admirer thing , I want to talk to you about WebTracker .
So you're really planning to quit invoking and switch over to WebTracker ?
Some what ?
No , I ’ d rather go out . The Chinese food here is rather different from what I had at home . Maybe we can try some other food today ... What about that all-you-can-eat place we passed the other day , the one over in the shopping center ?
Is that the place that serves such large portions of meat ?
What if that happens to me ? I hate to let food go to waste .
Here's your bill .
Certainly .
Goodbye . Hope to see you again .
Yes . I can't find my sweater . I have my laundry sent to you yesterday but when the washing is done . I find my swatter missing .
That's fine . Maybe you should be more careful .
You should wear a formal dress and be confident .
You should take several resumes and some copies of your graduate diploma .
I don't know exactly . I only hear it's financed by a famous film star .
Yes , so it really doesn't matter who offers the money.The paper itself is profitable .
All right.How about other guests ?
OK .
I'm afraid we have no more sole .
Certainly.Just a moment , sir .
Let me try . It has to be somewhere amazing , and far away ... Egypt ?
Yes . I overheard your mom and my mom talking in the grocery store .
I wish our family took outrageous summer vacations like yours .
We'll get to go fishing at the river . I hate fish .
No problem . What do you want me to get ?
Did you forget to put anything on the list ?
Would you like me to go anywhere else for you ?
Has your prescription been filled yet ?
Sure , I'll go get it for you .
Anything for you .
OK , sir . How many are coming ?
We require a jacket and tie .
Yes . An passport and a visa are necessary for entry into China .
They should fill in an application form , hand in the copies of Identification Card and household register .
It ’ s a difficult choice . The train is a litter faster , but much more expensive .
Buses are more cramped and you can ’ t walk around .
Really ? I think you see more traveling by train .
I prefer going by train , ever though it costs more .
The train aren ’ t usually full . We can get them on the day we travel . We should buy return ticket because they are much cheaper than getting two singles .
Well I ’ m impressed with what the company has done in the past and I think by hiring me the company ’ s future can only be brighter . I find that my personal goals and ideas about business operation
Yes , I believe that it ’ s crucial for me to know if a company is right for me , not just if I ’ m right for the company . I ’ Ve only been impressed by what I ’ Ve read and heard and I see myself having
Well I ’ m definitely a team player as well as being highly self-motivated . I believe this company can fulfill my long-term goals and offer me great upward mobility . Therefore you will find in me
What is the problem ?
It is ok . You look really pale and red eyes . I suggest you go home immediately and have a good rest .
Yes .
But it's the style now .
Of course .
Why is that ?
Oh , I see .
What happened to her ?
I see .
Yes , but you look fine .
Poor boy ! But don't worry . Here are two pills made in Germany . It's really effective . He will be just fine .
Take some with you next time , just in case .
You mean the boy who felt carsick just now ?
Oh , sorry , maybe I gave you the wrong medicine .
It's just sleeping pills made in America which is also very good . But don't worry . It has no undesirable side-effects .
Three . Two adults and one kid .
Yes . How much do you charge for it ?
I see . Where can I get the food ?
Do I need to pay extra charges for drinks like cola and juice ?
What is your address , sir ?
OK , someone will be there by 12:15 .
We could try it for the first few weeks and see if she likes it .
You have a good point . She hasn't really ever been away from home for longer than a few hours .
Yes , they seemed to click at the meeting the other day .
No , but I did notice that she was very interested in the art supplies !
What kind of bus pass would you like to buy ?
You can get a day , weekly , monthly , or student pass .
Sure , can I see your student ID ?
Very good .
It's free , but the monthly sticker is $ 24 .
Thank you for your purchase .
Do you know what kind of salad that you want ?
I usually make a Caesar salad .
Which kind of salad are you going to make ?
I enjoy chicken salads .
I really like how that sounds .
I'm going to do that then .
I need some advice about my fixed deposits .
No , no problem . It's just that one of them is due and I'm not sure how to deal with it .
Mmmm ... well , I am happy with your service so far , so I'd like to renew it , please .
Yes ...
That's just perfect for me . I live pretty far from the centre and it can be a chore getting in .
No way . Do it yourself .
OK , I'll iron your shirt for you , but only if you make me a cup of coffee .
Well , I have been in the computer engineering field for 6 years now . I am familiar with both hardware and software and with hands-on experience in system development including system analysis and design .
I have worked on about every system that is out right now .
I am not as familiar with it as I am with some of the older systems . But I am a fast learner and I can master it in a short time .
I am knowledgeable and levelheaded .
Yes , Mr . Miller . We'll use the conference room on the third floor for the meeting .
In the dining room . It's spacious there .
I've arranged for an interpreter to be present . But it is said these foreigners could speak English .
We've prepared name cards to be put on the conference table for guests to sit by . What time would you like refreshments served , Mr . Miller ?
All right , I see .
Yes . Go down the main road . You can't miss it .
It's only about a five-minute walk .
You're welcome .
Do you have an appointment ?
Yes , we do . I can cut your hair right now if you like.Do you need a shampoo too , or just a haircut ?
Alright . I will have an assistant wet your hair . Then I can cut it.Please step over there.How would you like your hair cut today ?
I recommend you leave it a little long on top.But we should take in the back and sides a bit more . That's more fashionable now .
So I will cut the sides just above the ear . Is that good ?
And do you usually part your hair along here ?
Alright , I know just what to do.Your hair seems quite dry , you know . And I see some split ends .
The problem is the split ends . They make your hair look even more frizzy .
Well , there are two things you can do.First , don't blow-dry your hair for so long after you shower . Let it dry naturally.That is easier on the hair , so you won't get split ends.Second , buy a g
Of course . I have one I can suggest .
The problem is the split ends .
Yes , we have many kinds of pies and puddings .
Sure . We have lemon pies , apple pies , coffee rum pies and ice cream .
Most normal little girls go wild over Barbie dolls .
Here's the latest model — Digital Barbie .
Why , she's only $ 29.95 .
Excellent . Would you like anything else ?
The total will be $ 32.42 . Will that be cash ?
Here's your change . Thank you for shopping with us .
Good afternoon , Mrs Smith .
Thank you . Yes , I am Dunlin .
Many factors led me to major in mechanical engineering . The most important factor is I like tinkering with machines .
I like designing products , and one of my designs received an award . Moreover , I am familiar with CAD . But I can do any mechanic well if I am employed .
Your company has a very good reputation , and I am very interested in the field your company is in .
Interpersonal and technical skills .
I have the abilities , qualities and experience that you requested in your job advert , for example I have three years experience in designing products and I got leadership experience while serving the college student union as president .
After a few years of gaining experience in the company and furthering my professional qualifications I'd like to put my experience and skills to use in management . I want to become a supervisor in your R & D department .
Yes . Do you offer any opportunities for further study ?
That's fine .
No .
Thank you , Mrs . Smith . I do hope the answer will be favorable . Goodbye .
Well , under normal conditions each head lasts about 5 000 copies or so . It depends on the user , but about once a month is average .
That's right . It could last six months or more . This model's designed for heavy use . Don't worry - you'll get an error message telling you when to change the head .
You're right , we need to start making money soon , or at least manage to break even . But I think that the market is slowly beginning to heat up--sales are bound to pick up any time now .
Maybe we should rethink our marketing strategy to include the possibility that our new line of cosmetics could be a big seller .
Do you think it's that serious ?
My goodness , I didn't realize it was that bad .
Why ?
That's right . I haven't done that yet .
Really ?
What do they mean ?
Yes , I'm looking for a new winter coat .
I don't know really . What's the fashional color this year ?
Good . Red suits me very well . It's a cheerful color , isn't it ?
Well , I used to be size fourteen , but I've put on a bit of weight recently , so may be sixteen .
I quite like this one . How much is it ?
Oh , that's too expensive . Aren't there any cheaper ones ?
Yes , I see . I'll take it . Here's $ 200 .
Thank you .
I am sorry , but we can't advance shipment . The manufacturers are fully committed . They have no stock on hand .
How's this then ? We propose partial shipment . We can ship whatever is ready to meet your urgent need instead of waiting for the whole lot to get ready .
We propose to deliver 50 % in June and the balance in Aug .
I want to sign up for some funds units . How do I go about it ?
Yes . I've already got a fund account with you too .
I'm not quite sure . You see , I already have more than 5,000 RIB in my cash card , but I really don't know how much I should get .
That settles it then . 5,000 RIB it is , thanks .
May I ask if there's anything wrong with it ?
Oh , sorry.But do you want to change it for another one ?
I know Mark is your only child . You may do it differently from what I did . Sometimes I would tap their hands when they made troubles .
And what does your husband do ?
But spoiling a child is not going to do him good either ! You ’ Ve got to have patience with him and teach him . It ’ s not easy , I know . It ’ s hard .
I have a Promissory Note , but it's not called that . It's a Bill of Exchange .
So , even if someone wasn't directly involved , they can become involved ? Like the bank you cash it in ?
I see . Sorry about this , I'm new in this job and I've never even seen one of these before ! My boss just told me to come here and sort it out .
Your doctor wants to test your urine and needs a sample .
We need you to urinate like you normally would , and then stop and finish into the cup .
Leave the cup in the cubby in the restroom . Just close the cubby door and walk away .
He wants to know if you have bacteria in your urine , which could signal an infection .
We will send your doctor the results , and he will contact you .
All right . Where do you live , sir ?
Very well . Why do you want to disconnect your phone , sir ?
O . K . May I have your name please ?
Thank you . Mr . Smith . What ’ s your telephone number ?
Thank you . Where should I send your final phone bill ?
Thank you , Mr . Smith . Your phone will be disconnected after this phone call . Have a nice day .
Rudeness . You are not expected to sit down before being invited , and you shouldn ’ t throw yourself into the chair like you ’ re loading heavy baggage .
That ’ s right . The ideal posture for women is to put their legs together and lean to one side . This is especially important in summer .
Put it beside you . Don ’ t pile your purses , briefcase and other belongings on the employer ’ s desk . You've got long hair . Don ’ t touch it while talking to the interviewer . It gives people the feeling that you cannot concentrate on your work .
Also , if you are asked to sit beside the employer's desk , neither lean on it nor look at the documents there .
As the saying goes , when in Rome , do as the Romans do .
Hello . I'd like to open a Foreign Currency Account .
Oh dear . I wanted AUD . Is that not possible ?
Maybe I'll go for the US dollar account .
Excuse me , Miss . Can you show me my seat ?
Thanks a lot .
Could you please fill out this form ?
Here's your $ 200 .
Thank you .
Of course , Mr . Green .
No problem . I will do it immediately .
OK . Would you like this report done in a formal or informal style ?
I see . Anything else ?
I lost one of my contact lenses , and I ’ m searching high and low for it .
Thank you very much . I think I lost it near the window .
Now , how would you like this check cashed , madam ?
Here you are .
Just make out a deposit slip and come here during bank hours . That's from 9 a . m . to 3 p . m .
You definitely made the right move by calling . Our primary business is creating , conducting and customizing fully interactive human resources workshops for companies just like yours .
Well as we know nothing comes out of a can . We have years of experience tailoring workshops to the specific needs of your company . We can hone in on your problem areas and have your employe
That's what we're here for , the human resources help you need , when and how you need it .
Don ’ t touch that thermostat ! You don ’ t pay the bills around here !
Put on a sweater ! I ’ m not gonna let you run up my heating bill just because it ’ s a bit chilly .
When I was your age , my parents didn ’ t have central heating like you do ! We had a furnace in the center of the living room and that was it . We used it to cook , heat the house and even dry our clothes ! We never caught a cold . You should be grateful !
Yes , we'd have your regular dinner . What courses are there , please ?
All right , we'll have it .
Do you have some chocolate cakes ?
OK , we will choose it .
Yep . The steaks and chicken are marinated and I also bought hamburger buns .
Yeah , good idea.We can put some lawn furniture outside next to the grill . I also set up the tent outside so we can hide from the sun if it gets too hot .
This is gonna be a great barbecue !
I'm not sure if that would be wise .
Well , maybe we'll go to ask Mr . Johnson . He has the final say .
Oh , we need an umbrella . The weather is so changeable in that area .
All right .
Nothing really .
I didn't realize that .
Nobody has told me anything about your party .
When does it start ?
I'll be there .
Of course .
Hello . I'm Ms Dawson from Lexington Software . I need to send these documents to Vietnam via L / C .
I have , but I have never done this before so would it be possible for you to double check them ?
Thank you . I don't think there should be any problems , but just to be sure ...
That's fine . Thank you again .
Okay , well it ’ s always more difficult to describe them isn ’ t it ?
Well as I mentioned before , I do tend to get frustrated if I don ’ t see progress in my work or career . I suppose I ’ m quite a restless character . My father always taught me to be a high achiever .
Well , in a way yes . But I must say that even if I ’ m not completely happy in my work I always give 110 % I would never shirk my responsibilities . I suppose sometimes I expect too much too soon .
Yes , please .
Are you homesick ?
Don't worry about the bill . Just call .
Of course . First dial the code 011 to get an international line . Then you dial Taiwan's country code
Now you should know the rest . Don't forget to dial Taipei's city code .
Yes , we have a nice room on the sixth floor .
200 yuan a night .
Yes . And could I have your name ?
How long do you want to stay ?
Sure . We'll be there in a few minutes .
We'd like to . You may call the attendant if you need any help .
What's up ?
Why don't you go ?
I see . I'll do it for you .
I think Applied Sociology is a practical subject that can be widely applied to research on soci-ety and man . Hence , I chose it as my major .
I am sorry to say I haven't , but I have taken many other courses that concerns the PR , such as Social Psychology , Public Affairs and Mass Communication .
Yes . I'm coming to confirm my ticket .
My name is Zu Ping . In fact , I have a reservation on Flight No . 125 for Zhenjiang , leaving Beijing at 2:00 p . m . tomorrow . Now I'd like to make a change of my travel schedule . Is it possible to change my booking to the day after tomorrow ?
Do you have a seat available on the same flight the day after tomorrow ?
Thanks a lot .
There is one around the corner .
Yes , but you have to get a phone card first .
You can get one in the grocery store over there .
Could you spell that please ?
Cygnet . OK , I've got that .
Chill ! I'm just curling my eyelashes .
You're such a wimp ! You're afraid of an eyelash curler .
It just makes my eyelashes curl upwards .
Yes , John . I ’ m on my break . What ’ s going on ?
Great , except for my mother-in-law ! Sometimes I think I married her instead of my husband ! How about you ?
Yeah ! I bought it the day it was released .
It's a great game . There are a lot of new characters .
It cost about thirty . Most games cost about that much .
Oh , I know what you mean . I'm addicted to that game .
Yeah , my roommate likes to watch me play . He says it's like watching a movie .
And I've never heard such good sound in a game .
Is there anything you don't do in-house ?
Is that more expensive ?
I'd like to look it over before I sign it .
I am fully satisfied with the terms of this contract .
OK . Where do you want me to sign ?
OK . ( Sign ) Once a contract is signed , it has legal effect .
It's my pleasure .
I still have no idea what to do now .
I could not agree with you more . But I feel worried about what to do next as soon as I begin to write my resume .
Sounds good . I will do it in a jiffy . OK ! Let's put our heads together .
Terrific !
Yes , I want one with automatic transmission .
Full insurance , please .
But I don't think so . No one has ever said a word that you are to die , only yourself . That means you are not willing to die , right ? Actually , you are recovering and what you imagine as your worry is slowing down the treatment . Many cases worse than yours turned out to be hopeful and successful . You must be confident . Your condition is much better physically , but a little bi difficult mentally . The most important thing for you now is cooperation with us .
Of course . I am a nurse and a nurse tells the truth .
They're so much fun to eat . You can suck all the coating off first ...
But that way you're not savoring it .
Hey ! The movie hasn't even started and they're almost gone !
That's right .
Yes , of course . Come in .
I have lived here for twenty years .
Yes , I have been here since 1976 .
Because I have just retired . I want to buy a small house in the country .
6850 pound .
It's worth every penny of it .
Women always have the last word .
Yes . I have been with ABC Insurance Company for four years , and before that , I worked with the Pacific surveyor company as claim officer .
Yes , on the shipper's side , when the cargos arrives , all relevant documents will be forwarded to the consignee.Among other things , this party has to check carefully the content of the packing list and weight list.When cargos are found to be damaged of short landed , this party has to call for a joint survey by representatives of the shipping company and the insurance agent.Based on the survey report , they will lodge a clam for compensation .
I think , first of all , I would ask the consignee to produce survey report on loading , if they can't produce that I would suggest them to refer the case to their shipper . Meanwhile , bad weather could be agood excuse to refuse the responsibility .
Yes , I used to dispatch telex to shippers and the consignee to inform them of changes of our schedule and other information .
When I was college , I passed Band Six of College English Test.All the foreign business men I've dealt with say my English is quite good .
No problem , I love it.Thank you for granting me the interview .
Yes , I think so too .
I hope that it does rain .
The sky looks so clean after it rains . I love it .
I love most how it is at night after it rains .
You can see the stars so much more clearly after it rains .
I would too .
Good morning . I have a Bill of Exchange against Bank Acceptance here . I'd like to discount it . Is that possible here ?
Yes , I've got all that here .
A copy or the original ? I guess you need the original , right ? OK , I'll return shortly .
I have a sore throat and headache .
Yes , my whole body feels weak . And I really feel terrible .
Ok , go ahead .
Your secretary seems to think she is being harassed .
I wish I were , but i am deadly serious . She said you invited her to dinner last week .
Well , there is no problem there . But she seemed to think that you were angry when she refused , and that your motives are personal and not professional .
Our harassment policy requires that we have a meeting with the HR manager and Miss Brown . It's quite serious . You could be reprimanded , or even fired if we find evidence that you were pressuring
That's the purpose of the meeting . Sometimes a mediated conversation will straighten things out , and a little discussion and apology can calm the waters .
Certainly , sir . How much rent did you want to pay ?
$ 520 a month ? We don ’ t often have apartments as inexpensive as that.We have one apartment for $ 599 a month , on Seventh Avenue . It ’ s near the station .
No . it ’ s unfurnished . It has a kitchen , but no oven.There ’ s a garden in the back , but the tenants can ’ t use it.The landlord lives downstairs.Friends are forbidden in the apartment after midnight . No noise and no television after 11
If only we'd remember to close it .
I wish I'd put it in the bank .
I know , I am sorry I ever bought it .
It's a pity they didn't take the tele . We need a new one . Anyway we can claim for all this from the insurance company .
sure , what do you need to do there ?
I have to exchange some money .
I also want to see if my salary has been paid into my bank account . There was a problem last week .
their interest rates are usually quite high . It ’ s a good idea to pay off your credit card debts before they attract interest .
Where to , sir ?
Please hop in .
It ’ ll take about 20 minutes .
Yes , they are .
Yes , it is . Are you in a hurry sir ?
Yes , sir .
I think I'd rather have tea this morning .
Just an English muffin . What are you going to have ?
Certainly.here you are .
Very smart !
Yes .
Oh , yes , Mr Wang , i look at your resume you emailed , very impressive , are you a P . M . ~ meet someone like you , i was thinking of calling you this afternoon , and having a telephone interview .
I know . I intent to go to the store today .
Which one ?
Oh , you mean kikois .
Well . I ’ ll see , sometimes the store don't have some one of new kinds of cereal .
Not really .
It's great !
I wouldn't call myself outgoing . I used to be very shy when I was little , and it seems that I get a little more relaxed a-round people year after year , and have more fun in groups .
I don't try to get in front of people and lead them , particularly . I'd rather cooperate with everybody else , and get the job done by working together .
Not to put off till tomorrow what you can do today . I've found out that time and money get away very easily — you think you have them , and they're gone ! Putting things off just makes it worse later , so even if it's hard at the time , I try to get things done that day and not let them go .
I am ready to make my plea .
I plead not guilty .
I realize that , but I am not guilty .
I had nothing to do with the crime that was committed .
I ’ ll tell you if you let me go .
I am willing to tell you that information .
what seems to be the problem ?
what were you doing when it crashed ?
I think that might have been a virus .
what kind of computer do you have , a Mac or a PC ?
no , some people have Macs now , too .
PCs often crash from virus , but it's nearly impossible to get a virus from a Mac .
has your computer turned back on yet ?
did you end up losing any of your work ?
you should probably call the IT department and have them check your computer for virus .
What is it ?
Let ’ s see ... ' Wanted , manager for up-and-coming firm . Must have good organizational skills . Experience a plus . Please contact Betty Sue . ' Oh , I don ’ t know ...
What about my resume ?
Thanks , Mary . You ’ re a real pal . I'll call now to set up an interview .
We have over sixty employees . We have about forty factory workers and technical people and the rest are admin and sales staff . We started off with only ten people , so our workforce has grown a lot .
It was just over two million euros last year .
I need a packet of cigarettes please .
Thanks .
Yes . And they don ’ t give you very much either . I ’ m still hungry .
Don ’ t do this ! Don ’ t do that ! You mustn ’ t do this ! You can ’ t do that !
And we ’ ll all help you .
I think it's beautiful . I want to hang it in the living room .
That's the beauty of it — the imperfection .
Your daughter . She sold it at the school auction .
I guess you see the value in it , too .
Yes , tomorrow is my friend's birthday.Could I arrange a birthday party for him through you ?
I want to order a large birthday cake , several kinds of cold dishes , pastries and fruits .
I've got whiskey and brandy but I need some beer and soda.That ' s all .
Thanks a lot for calling us . Could you tell me more about what you need us to do ?
OK , the cost depends on the floor to move to , the distance between two places and the amount of the furniture to move .
Oh , let me see . It fits the second standard rates . Have a look at the contract , please .
No , firstly we sign the contract ; you pay 50 % of what it costs , and the rest when we finish moving .
OK . If any of the articles was damaged during moving , you may make a claim for compensation with our department .
Basically I get 5,000 RIB every month . It is a well-paid job with satisfying working hours .
I require 6,500 RIB per month as a start . This is my bottom line , the minimum salary I can accept .
What's the trouble , ma'am ?
What did the young man look like ?
To which direction did he run ?
Good morning ! Welcome to our office !
Nice to meet you too ! I am George Williams .
Well , hope you will enjoy your first day !
I will try my best to assist you if you need any help .
You are welcome .
Yes . My car is having problems .
It won't start .
No , thank you . I think I can handle it .
I will . Thanks . That's sweet of you .
I might need some tools though . Do you know where I can get some ?
Thanks . That would be very helpful .
OK . If you really insist , I could always use the company .
You look a little lost , can I help you ?
Well , you can ’ t give her granny panties . Have you thought about getting her some sleepwear ? We ’ Ve got these lovely , silky nighties . Or , how about a nice panty-and and-bra set . Look , here ’ s a nice satin push-up bra , and you can choose a few different styles of undies to go with it .
This is so awkward ... what ones do I pick ? What size is she ?
Just pick something and get the hell out of here . Um , I'll go with these two . This is mortifying . I just want to get this over with . She better thank me for this ...
Finally !
They arrested me for nothing .
They weren ’ t supposed to arrest me .
They didn ’ t let me go until the next morning .
They sure did .
I matched the description of a robbery suspect .
I want to take them to court .
I want to have a two-day trip around the city .
It's interesting . I think I will take the bus tour . By the way , what about the lodging ?
There are such shops living on selling parts . I don ’ t like their service either . All they want is your money . But in the long run , they will be losing costumers . Anyway , car service business is new in China . We all have to control what they are doing . Otherwise , they will not improve .
Yes , there is . Those organizations exist . You always can call a lawyer if you need legal help .
OK , here you are .
Of course , you can . Wait a moment .
I'm here to ask about a loan .
I got married not long ago and we are expecting our first child . I'd like to buy a car for the family .
Could you tell me what the requirements are for that , please ?
Yes , I do . I was born and bred here .
I have all of that with me . I've also banked here for a number of years .
First , you fill out the application form and then we'll issue you a passbook .
No , Even a dollar is all right . Here's your passbook , sir , just sign your name on it .
It varies from time to time . At present it is 6 % .
By all means . But you have to deposit enough money before you can write out your checks .
Good for you . What items did you bid on ?
Your idol ! Wow ! You're even better at finding stuff than me !
That's not how this game works .
How many bids had been placed before you ?
You have hit the point . It's really hard for a magazine to be well known to people of various ages and educational backgrounds .
To my mind , the success of Digest is in the clever selection of its articles in each issue .
Not too bad , I suppose .
Oh , she asked me all sorts of questions . She asked if I smoked , and whether I played sports , she asked me where I went to school , and what subjects I took , and she asked me if I like to meeting people .
Well , she asked me if my parents wanted me to be a steward .
No , but she told me to telephone her next week .
I'm looking . Can you still remember what the conductor said ?
But I don't see it .
Oh , my god ! We get off at the wrong stop . I'm so sorry , honey .
It's my fault . So what can we do now ? Walk ?
OK , you promise don't tell your mother about it , we'll take a taxi .
If you keep your promise , I will also let you watch Ultraman this evening .
I want to buy a cell phone for my daughter .
She is 17 . It's for her birthday .
Thanks , but I want to have a look at the Motorola's products .
Sounds perfect . I'll take the pink one . Can you pack it for me ?
Why not ? The Sweetheart pendant matches the cell phone well . I'd take this one .
Thanks .
I guess not .
Look , I want to succeed just as much as you do . Well , maybe not quite that much .
What are you trying to say ?
Um , sure . What are we having for dinner ? Do I need to put out anything in particular ?
Ok , should I use the fancy silverware ?
I ’ ll also set some cups and saucers for some coffee after dinner .
They are in the cupboard where you keep the gravy boat and serving dishes . Just be careful because the wine glasses are also there .
I'd like to buy a tapestry to decorate my new room .
These are beautiful ! Is this the marvelous landscape in Guiling ?
How fine the needlework is ! What's the price ?
It's too expensive .
You're right . Would you please show me some embroidery ? I also want to buy some embroidered tablecloths to match the tapestry .
Yes . I want to make a remittance to New Delhi .
I'd like a banker's draft please . It's not really urgent .
Just go to the end of the store . And it will be on your right . We have all the ice creams and frozen foods back there in the freezers .
Please notice all of our aisles are numbered and classified by signs on the ceiling . That might help you .
That ’ s correct .
Yes , I reserved a table for six people .
Michael donsie .
Excellent . Come in please . The washing machine is in the bathroom upstairs . It keeps breaking down .
About ten days ago . I ’ Ve tried to use it since then . Sometimes it works and sometimes it doesn ’ t . it ’ s very frustrating .
Yes , it ’ s still under warranty . Over the last few weeks , it ’ s also been making a high-pitch noise when it ’ s in use .
What ’ s wrong with it ?
That ’ s great . Thanks very much . Would you like a cup of tea or coffee ?
Why ? It's unfair . How about going dutch ?
Oh , come on , I almost forgot . Don't worry about it . I didn't mind picking up the tab last time .
Ok , but it's only for this time .
It's 12 dollars 80 cents all together . But don't forget the tip , it usually 15 % .
Yes , it's the correct thing to do .
Even so , we can't do business with him.he ' s not reliable .
Hello , Lucy , this is Monica . I ’ m calling for the accountant position . I saw the information about the vacancy on your company ’ s website . Is it still available ?
No , not yet . First , I want to check about the availability and see if you could give more information .
The notification period of my current job is not that long and I ’ m quite profession to English and I am happy with the traveling abroad as I ’ m good dealing with the people from other cultures . It makes the whole job even more interesting . I will send my resume to you still this week .
I would if I could .
Because I have other obligations .
We only accept payment by irrevocable letter of credit payable against shipping documents .
I'm afraid not . We insist on a letter of credit .
Consult your bank and see if they will reduce the required deposit to a minimum .
Well , Mrs . Wang , you must be aware that an irrevocable letter of cred it gives the exporter the additional protection of the bank er's guarantee . We always require L / C for our exports . And the other way round , we pay by L / C for our imports .
I'm very sorry , Mrs . Wang . But I'm afraid I can't promise you even that . As I've said , we require payment by L / C .
It's a great honor to have you here , Mr.Brown .
I look forward to seeing you soon.Goodbye !
Yes , my house is far away from here . May I ask for an apartment ?
That's great . Thank you so much .
I never really give them money because I don't want to contribute to their addictions .
I usually ask them if they want some food and then give them something to eat . I figure that if they're homeless , they're probably hungry .
almost always . However , sometimes they get mad at me for not giving them any cash .
the cost of living in London is just too high for most people .
did you know that few people can pay the rent on minimum wage , let alone pay for food and other living costs ?
added to that is the high unemployment rate right now .
politicians like to ignore the problems of the working class . They like to focus on making life easier for the upper class .
No , but the nurse at school says that I should have my blood pressure checked .
No , I have never been told that I have high blood pressure .
How do you check for high blood pressure ?
What do the numbers mean ?
Good . That will help me know how I am doing .
You can catch the 486 .
I believe so .
It only takes 45 minutes to an hour .
It's a pretty short trip .
It only gets crowded once it gets to LA .
No problem .
Oh , you know , tomorrow is Vicky's birthday . I am thinking what gift to give her .
It's a bad idea . Vicky has short hair .
Only old women like that .
OK . That's what I can do .
This is Soft , may I speak to Lamely ?
Hello , Lamley.Are you free tomorrow ?
Would you like to go to an activation with me ?
See you .
Certainly , which color do you want to dye it ?
Right now , many girls are dyeing there hair blond .
What do you think about pink ?
Yes , we have several brands , which one do you prefer ?
First , you need a shampoo , it makes it easier for your hair to be dyed . Let's down your hair in the water , you hair will be fairly clean that way .
You hair is definitely fresh and shiner looking .
What do you want to speak to me about ?
Oh , you do ?
What made you decide to volunteer ?
Good for you .
I will be voting .
Thanks for letting me know .
Let me see . En . Here is your baggage .
Walk ahead a little further . There are plenty of them .
Well , under this arrangement two parties cooperate to manufacture a product or a category of products , for example , machine tools for export . Each party produces and supplies a part of the components and parts ; one party is a Chinese enterprise , the other , an overseas firm . Most probably , the foreign counterpart contributes technology and equipment , and sometimes , parts and components , while the Chinese enterprises factory building , labor and other resources to the cooperative production . They join hands and fulfill orders together by an agreement or a contract .
Not necessarily . It depends on the contract stipulations . They may be marketed in the foreign country where the other party is located , or even in a third country .
Yes , you are right . Either party is not well-equipped to produce the final products single-handedly , but they can enter into an agreement . In such case , each side contributes different resources to make the manufacture of a certain product or a category of products possible .
Our terms are net 30 .
You would have to order in excess of 10,000 units to be eligible .
An option we can offer is two separate shipments.We will house the inventory until you are ready for us to ship it to you .
All right . Do you have the receipt ?
May I ask why you're returning the radio ?
Would you like to exchange it ?
Certainly . This will take only a few seconds .
This dress is beautiful . May I try it on ?
What is the material of this dress ?
That's good . Can you give me a reduction ?
Do you have any cheaper ones ?
Yes , can I cash my traveler's check here ?
What's the cashing rate ?
Oh , I see . How much it the service charge ?
Well , I'd like to cash these four checks for $ 100 each .
OK , there you are .
Oh , I forgot to bring it . It is in my hotel room .
Well , thanks . I will come again this afternoon , then .
I didn ’ t see anything out of the ordinary , but I want you to log onto our website for a printout of all of the details .
If there were any major problems , I would always notify you by phone to come in .
A description of each test is given on the site .
The website will give you a normal range and then tell you what your results are .
Your entire test history is on the site . You can compare your results from other years .
I'm making three thousand yuan a month at my present work . I should not , of course , make a change for less . Could you provide me with a monthly salary of four thousand yuan ?
You know , Mr . Allen , Nowadays this starting salary is not high based on my skills and experience .
What are they ?
But I have my own car and my own house .
Thank you very much .
All right . How about this one by the window ?
May I take your order now , sir ?
Our restaurant is famous for its seafood .
Shrimp salad is our speciality , took
What would you like to drink ?
There is a man-made fishing pond nearby . So , What do you think of going fishing there ?
Patience , boy . A watched pot never boils . We shall get out fishing stuff first and make some baits , too .
I don't think fish would like them . Instead , they love earth worms .
OK . I think that's enough for today . Let's go .
That's because you're talking to me all the time . Be patient , or there will be no chance to have sashimi for dinner today .
I suppose she did . Be quiet . There is a fish on the hook . Here it is . Look , a big one .
Great idea . But the fact is we have no barbecue with us . Moreover , the sashimi will be great . So why do we bother to waste time on barbecuing the fish ?
Really ! I've never seen so much work .
I don't know . I have no idea .
I'm not good at sports , I have never played tennis , and I know I would be terrible .
OK , but don't say I didn't warn you .
Thanks.This is fun !
No one has ever tried to show me how to play a sport before.Maybe I should learn to do something .
Do you really think I can be a good player ?
Yes . This has been fun .
Yes . I've received this Remittance Advice from the bank .
Mr CK Chen contacted me this morning and asked me to come in for the remittance .
Here you go . Can I deposit some into my account and take some in cash ? I need 1,000 RIB for my expenses , you see .
It's really different , isn't it ?
I hope you're hungry because the pizza here is huge as well as to die for .
Well , let's order one for starters .
That happens to be my favorite . Waiter , I think we're ready to order .
Yes .
Yes . I'd like a crab cocktail .
Very well .
I want egg soup .
I'd like to have some meat .
No , thank you .
What is it ?
OK . Let me try it .
No , thank you
there ’ s branch on new street . Walk up this street until you get to the first set of traffic lights . Then turn right at the traffic lights .
not far . About 150 meters perhaps .
then keep walking until you reach the war memorial . It ’ s a big statue of a soldier . You can ’ t miss it .
you ’ ll see the national bank near the war memorial . It ’ s a big building and you ’ ll see a big sign on the front of the building .
Fine with me , but no more chafing dish .
I'd love to try some snacks .
Kebabs and roast squid .
Help yourself .
I think a surprise party may be better . But I forget when her birthday is .
Sorry . What shall we get for her ?
Good idea . Shall we search on line to find an appropriate one or go to a phone store ?
Sure . Okay , here is the website .
Probably . People's consumptive habit is changing rapidly because of the internet .
The computer went frozen .
Do you know what kind you want to open ?
Do you know what the minimum balance is ?
You need to keep it at $ 100 .
That ’ s the least amount you can have .
We will fine you .
You will be fined $ 25 .
Er ? I am driving right now . Can you call back in 30 minutes ?
Thank you for calling . I really appreciate your kindness . But right now , I ’ m very busy preparing for an interview of another company . I don ’ t think I am available for this opportunity .
Well , I will text to you . Thank you , bye for now .
What !
It's my new radio earphone .
What were you screaming at me for ?
Yes . What do you want to buy ?
What size do you wear ?
Yes , we do . They are all in this book .
No problem . Just give us a few minutes more to pull them up , though . We don ’ t get that many English singers !
It's not really all that good.The bedroom is a little small for us .
But there's no hot water after 10 at night.Sometimes I like to have a hot shower before bed , especially in the winter , it feels good .
True , and I like the kitchen.It ' s new and well equipped .
You are right.The view is spectacular.But that bedroom is so small.We ' d never be able to fit all of our stuff in there .
I haven't thought of that .
For sure ! I didn ’ t really understand some of the technical jargon they used in the film when they talked about social security in the US .
Well , they mentioned how people put away money in something called a 401K ?
That ’ s interesting and logical I guess . In my country , we also have to contribute to a government-run retirement fund , but most people don ’ t really trust it so they just invest in properties or things like that .
Yeah , but corrupt governments in the past have created distrust among banks and financial institutions , so now people prefer to have money hidden in a jar or a piggy bank .
What's wrong ?
What a pity !
Why not have a visit to the zoo ?
Is that OK ?
Well , I think we'd better go now . We have to follow the guide .
I know how to use the telex machine , the photocopier , and the word processor . By the way , I took a computer course in university .
I want to be a manager .
Nothing . I think I'll take the job .
I know it is not the cheapest on the market . But if you take the quality factor into consideration , you will find your company will benefit in the long term . This device is built in with the most advanced technology . Every aspect has reached the international standard . It is a worthwhile investment .
Well , the best I can do is to lower the price by 5 percent if you are willing to pay 90 % cash of front and 10 % on delivery . That is our best offer .
Sure , no problem .
I'm not sure I'm following you , sir .
Oh , now I understand ! So , you've already used up all your amenities ?
I'm losing you , sir . What's the problem ?
Okay , I got it . You're collecting souvenirs !
Have you visited our souvenir shop , sir ? It's loaded with all kinds of items .
Sir , housekeeping will bring you a basketful of amenities momentarily .
Mr.Black , if I'm not mistaken .
Pleased to see you.too .
What a good idea !
We could go to more places this time , if you liked .
When shall we go and look ?
No , let's go on Saturday .
Where shall we go ?
No , I don't like that place.Why don't we try the garage Martin recommended ?
What's the special here ?
Well , let's try some braised pork , sweet and sour fish and some fried beans .
Just some soft drinks and only a bottle of beer .
Yes . I'd like to make a collect call to Japan .
It's Helen Kent .
I'd like to talk to Mr . Edna Kent .
That's right .
From code 513 , 432-6748 .
Country code is 81 , area code 138 , and the number is 846-8972 .
Two nights .
I've finished .
You don ’ t need to carry the furniture home because we have delivery service .
Wo will deliver the goods to you for free .
Sure . Please write down your name and your phone number .
No later than tomorrow .
Yes , speaking . What can I do for you ?
I am applying for the waiter in your pub .
Sure . I will try my best to slow down .
You can print out a copy of the Order Supply Form from our company web site and turn in into me . What will you be needing ?
Will you need all of them right away or can some wait ?
You can only buy supplies that you have a budget for . Do you know what your budget is ?
You can pick these supplies up or they can be delivered to your building . Which would you prefer ?
Well , just finish the request and we will contact you when the supplies come in . Have a good day !
The Employment Development Office will send you a Notice of Unemployment Insurance Award letter .
In addition to telling you how much you will receive , the beginning and ending dates of your claim will be included .
You will receive a Continued Claim Form and every two weeks , you must turn it in .
You must show where and when you tried to look for work . If you earned any money , you need to tell them about it .
You have to tell them if you were too sick to work on any of the days that you should have been looking for work .
Sure . It's a popular e-card website .
Okay . Did you get the Yahoo ID ?
I mean , you must register first before you send a card .
Ok . Choose the card which you like best , and fill in the following blanks with both your and your friend's names and e-mail addresses .
Don't forget to send .
I'm looking for a Sharp DVD Player .
Yes . The DS102 series .
Will you be getting more in .
Good evening . Would you please offer a table far from the entrance for us ?
Okay .
Wow ! It ’ s really good for me , especially the living room . It is big enough to put all my stuff there . It ’ s a deal ! I ’ ll rent this one .
Sure !
Okay . Thank you for your reminder .
Thank you again .
Who is the author ?
Sorry , we ' re sold out right now.Please come back next week .
Sure , I can go to the store for you . What do you need ?
Is there anything else that you want me to pick up ?
Is there any other place you would like me to go to for you ?
Sure , no problem . Is your prescription ready ?
Okay , I'll pick it up for you .
You're welcome .
Yeah , I think I'll get this one-piece .
I'm too fat for a bikini .
I'll wear that if you'll wear these Speedos .
Oh , tell him I ’ ll leave them at his office tomorrow afternoon .
I ’ m afraid that I can ’ t do that . They ’ re at the printer ’ s being copied . They ’ ll be back tomorrow before 1 o ’ clock .
This is Kevin .
Yes .
wow ! That ’ s great . Sure , I can . Where is the Human Resources Office ?
Thank you very much . I ’ ll be there on time .
I would like to be in a managerial role , ideally working do6ely with external clients . I have worked in client-facing roles for more than two years and I enjoy the challenge of keeping the customer satisfied . I think Ifs something I ’ m good at . Finally , I ’ d like to be on the right career path towards eventually becoming a senior manger within the company . I ’ m very aware that these are ambitious goals , however I fell through hard work and dedication they achievable .
You are right . We ’ re hoping that this is a long-term opportunity , and just a flash in the pan .
Rice .
Because it's supposed to be good for you .
I'd be glad to answer any questions you may have .
If you consider our high research costs and excellent quality , the price we are asking is only reasonable .
Really ? It almost looks brand new . And the color designs are so retro .
No way ! My parents used to hang out at those places .
How did you get it ?
Certainly , Sir . You do have a Current Account with us right ?
Yes , Sir . In order to get a credit card with us , you'll need to open a Current Account here . Could you please fill out this form with your relevant details ?
Yes , a passport will be fine .
That's fine , Sir . We'll see you again a little later .
I had a really busy day . I had to work a little overtime . In the morning an important client called to place a large order . I had to check some things with my colleagues before confirming the order .
The most important thing was to check that we had the goods in stock . If the goods are in stock , we can deliver them immediately . I also had to check the price . This customer is very important , so they get special prices .
I received a lot of emails from potential clients that I had to answer . Each time , I had to check files to see what we had agreed at earlier meetings . Each client has different conditions and requirements .
Yes . That ’ s why we have everything on computer files . We don ’ t use much paper at our office . After lunch , I had to deal with a complaint from a client .
Yes , it was . I managed to sort out the problem , but I was tied up with the matter for over an hour .
That ’ s not all ! I also had to finish writing a sales report for my boss . In the end , I finished everything . I wonder what will be waiting for me tomorrow morning .
Yes , I'd like to have a look at the 2 - piece suit .
Middle size
Does this suit come in other color ?
How much is the brown one ?
Then I'll take it .
May I take your order ?
OK , here you are .
I have no idea . First time here .
Oh , it's rice rolls with fried shrimp inside .
There are twenty rolls in a bowl . You can get another bowl for free if there aren't enough rolls .
OK , shrimp rolls . Do you want anything else ?
OK , wait a moment please .
I totally agree . I really like my lifestyle to be drama-free , and I don't want to argue about cleaning the apartment . My last roommate was a drama queen . Every time I forgot to take my shoes off , she got really mad and made a big deal out of it .
That's right . We should try to be laid back and not do lots of things to bother one another .
I have been a salesman .
Sure.Let me measure for you .
$ 200 . The delivery time is 2 weeks .
Yes , it is .
Ok , thank you . By the way , could you please tell me how I can get there from A community ?
I got it . Thank you so much .
I beg your pardon ?
Oh , I see.Since I'm a heavy smoker , may I change my seat ?
Oh , did you ? Thanks a lot .
That's all right .
Fine , and you ?
Yes . I would like some information for requesting a loan .
I see . So let me get this straight . If I borrow let ’ s say , ten thousand dollars , how much will I have to pay each month ?
It sounds good but , there is just one problem . I have a terrible credit score .
You know what ? I don ’ t really need the money . Thanks anyways !
Yes . I am getting fat . What should I do ?
We'd like to buy some furniture for our new house .
We like a larger wardrobe .
It looks great .
Will this be cash or charge ?
Just sign here , please .
Here's your receipt . Have a nice day .
The best we can do is $ 120 per case .
I think you are well informed about the prevailing market.Some Spanish firms are offering the same at much lower prices .
It's true yours are of better quality . But your price is still on the high side even if we take quality into consideration . How about meeting each other half way ?
Take your time , please .
I've had enough .
Of course not . Just tell me how to operate it .
I know . Hold your position and say cheese .
These drawings on the wall are process sheets .
They describe how each process goes on to the next .
I'm not sure when it started . But I know it's older than me . As a young boy , I used to eat here a lot .
Yeah . We are the VIP customers here . So , what do you want to eat today ?
Hey , kid , that's wrong . It's a Chinese restaurant . Let's eat something traditional .
The Chinese rice pudding . Your father loves it , too . You wanna try ?
Yes , of course . But I think they can make you a salty one , too .
Come on . Don's go too far .
OK then . We shall ask them to put some red chilli on it .
No , she isn't . My girlfriend hates red .
A classmate of mine .
All of the produce is in aisle A .
Here you go . Look in this flyer , or check with the produce person .
Do you have anything to declare ?
What's in the bag ? Would you mind opening the bag ?
No.You don't have to pay duty on personal belongings .
No.Why ?
No way !
This is Liu Fang speaking .
May I have your name , please ?
Of course . In my opinion , you are the strongest candidate for the job .
I want to set up an interview for you at 9 a . m . next Monday in our company's conference room .
Hello , I want to remit one thousand Yuan to Magnolia Company .
OK ... Do I put on Magnolia Company for the receiver ?
OK , I see . Here you are . Is that OK now ?
Here you are . What is the rate ?
OK , when will this remittance arrive ?
That's good . Is there anything else ?
Thanks , I will .
no , I haven ’ t . I can ’ t think of anything to get him .
I know . He bought me that beautiful sweater for my birthday . It was exactly what I wanted . And it fit me perfectly !
that doesn ’ t sound like a great present .
let ’ s think . He loves football , doesn ’ t he ? I saw signed photographs of famous footballers in a shop near hear . Let ’ s go and have a look . You know which team he supports , don ’ t you ?
it ’ ll be an expensive present , but we can share the cost .
yes . He always get us special gift . We should repay his kindness .
What kind would you like ?
That's going to be about $ 2.48 .
What else can I get for you ?
That's going to be $ 4.05 a pound .
That will be $ 12.15 .
That's fine . Let me get your meat .
I'm not surprised . You eat too much .
Yes , I think so .
Well , why don't you go on a diet ?
Perhaps you should exercise more . Why don't you go to an exercise class ?
If you bring them back with your receipt within seven days , you'll get a full refund . Also , if you need alterations to the pants , just bring them in and we'll do them for free .
That'll be $ 70 , please . Will you be paying by cash or charge ?
Okay , sir , here you are . Thank you very much .
Yes , What can I do for you , sir ?
I can try to arrange that for you .
Can you describe for me , where you were sitting ?
You're in luck . We still have that little table .
What's the running speed of the machine ?
And what's the maximum output ?
Send an ambulance fast ! My husband is having a heart attack !
I live on 1177 Oak lane in Smithfield . Oh , hurry , I don't know what to do !
yes , yes , he's right here by me .
Yes , he's breathing , but he's not conscious ! Oh , please hurry !
I like people who are open and friendly . Those people are usually more active and fun to be with . I like spending time with my friends . We go to bars together or play sports together .
I think it ’ s important to most people . The problem is that you can usually only find out if someone is honest by getting to know them .
if you know any of their friends . You can ’ t rely on your friends to introduce people to you all the time . You have to go out and make the first move sometimes . I also like funny people .
sometimes it can be hard to tell , but if you know the person fairly well , you can usually see from their expression what they are really thinking .
maybe people don ’ t like to have friends that are all the same . Most people like a little variety in their lives-including a variety of characteristics in their friends .
Let me see . That one goes for $ 17 .
No , I can ’ t give it to you , let you have it for 12 . How about 14 ?
Sorry , $ 14 is the lowest I can go .
Do you know how many you need ?
We can get started as soon as you fill out this form .
You won't be able to tell the difference with a magnifying glass .
Very good . You can pick up your order in one week .
We can do that , but you'll have to pay a little extra .
Take your mind off it . Look , Crys.This magazine is on China's top ten beauties !
She doesn't have an ounce of fat on her face .
Not even drinking milk for one month would get us like that .
Look at this girl's gray dress .
Last time I wore extra small was when I was in fifth grade .
So why are you dieting this time anyway ? Another guy ?
The girls in this magazine are so slender .
True.You know , I First started dieting when I was ten .
Oh , no . Too much work . I hate to sweat . It's so gross .
What are you looking for ?
Walk straight ahead until you come to the second traffic light . Then turn right .
I can't remember , but it's the second light .
I'm afraid I don't . But I do know the price has gone up .
How about a laptop ?
How about a Mac ?
Our newest 15 - inch Pro is only $ 2,100 .
That's great . Will that be cash , check , or credit card ?
Okay , if you'll just sign here , please .
All she has to do is open the box and follow the instructions .
Thank you . If you have any problems , just call .
I want to get a package of cigarette .
No , this kind of cigarette is too strong for me , I desire a mild one .
It suits my taste , I'll take it . Do you have lighters ?
Show me the one made of plastic .
Thank you .
That's great ! You need to prepare for it .
Get your hair done at a good hair saloon . Tell them you are going for a job interview .
Buy an expensive suit .
The more expensive , the better .
That'll do it . The best way is to find the dressing color code of the company .
If you know somebody at the company , ask them . If not , dark color will be fine .
Yeah , fine . And dressing shoes .
Black is good .
No . Dark or skin colored .
Necklace , ring , and earrings are all fine . But don ’ t wear too many pieces of jewelry .
Not much make up .
Yes , some . But be aware that different people may like different scents .
Thank you , I just tried my best . I am very happy to know you like it .
Well , yes . Several colleagues from different departments helped me with that . They are very supportive . I consulted an economic expert last week . He was very kind to give valuable suggestions .
Come on , don ’ t flatter me anymore . I took the job because I love being challenged . But I can ’ t get this turned around without the support from you people .
Yes , it's still available .
Well , it has got low mileage.The tires are in perfect condition and it's in excellent shape .
Please fill out the form first .
By hand in cold water . Got it .
Well ! You like sea food ?
Then I'd like to suggest you try Anchor Inn on Seaside Drive .
No , you can walk from here .
I'd like to buy a watch .
Well , I'm not sure . Let's see . How much is this one ?
Oh . I don't think I can afford that . How about this one ?
Wow . That's too much for me . Don't you have anything cheaper ?
I had a wonderful time . The rooms are not very big , but they are well furnished . The restaurant is excellent and reasonably priced . There ’ s a sauna and a Jacuzzi .
No , they don ’ t . they have a beauty parlor , but I didn ’ t go there .
It ’ s very good . Check in and check out at the reception only took a few minutes . The wait staff is very good . A waiter recommended their baked fish , which tasted wonderful . The hotel was quite full , so I ’ d suggest making a reservation if you intend to go there . The hotel offers a discount at the weekends .
There was a problem with the internet access , so I couldn ’ t check my email , but I didn ’ t complain about it to the management .
Yes , I was . Here ’ s their business card .
No , there wasn ’ t . There is a bar on the ground floor and of course you can buy drinks in the restaurant to go with your meal .
I know . At the inland hotel , they have an interesting policy . When you check out , you put some money in a special box at reception . Each evening , the money in the box is shared equally by the hotel staff .
What's it like ?
Who are the bad guys ?
Wow ! Where's the treasure ?
How do you find it ?
Great !
Yes . I'm going to stay with the same , a beer .
Oh , darn . Look what I've done . ( Spill the drink )
I've gotten a few .
I've gotten about six .
Yes , I've paid all of them off .
It's like $ 130 each ticket .
I got a parking ticket the other day .
I'm going to do that as soon as possible .
l love it . There is always something fascinating to discover .
That's not very easy to say .
Can you find many bargains there ?
No , thanks , I'll pass . It looks very tempting though .
It is . I'm on a diet and strawberry cream cheese cake is not on it .
I went to the doctor the other day . My cholesterol is up .
Not too serious . But he gave me a strict diet to help bring it down .
Thank you . I'll go through it and tell you .
I will . Thank you for all .
OK.What do you want to know ?
OK .
Here you are .
Two years .
I'm a professor at a university .
I teach at Beijing Normal University , English composition and some conversational classes .
It's a little sensitive , actually . I need to get hold of some money , and quickly .
I already have some Time Deposits with you , but unfortunately , they haven't matured yet . I really don't want to cash those just yet .
I've not heard of that , could you tell me more , please ?
Right ... anything else ?
And then I just sign here ? You're right ! It certainly is simple and extremely convenient .
I wonder if we can make payment for this order by documentary collection .
But our order this time is very large . To open an L / C for such a large amount at a bank is costly . Can you be a bit more flexible and bend the rule a little ?
To be frank , a letter of credit would increase the cost of my import . When I open a letter of credit with a bank , I have to pay a deposit . That will tie up my money and add to my cost .
I am quite active and energetic . I approach things enthusiastically and I don't like leaving things half done .
I am quite outgoing , I think . I enjoy mixing and doing things with others .
I maintain that the most important thing is having good friends . A person can't live alt by himself , I think . A friend in need is a friend indeed . So the more really close friends I have , the better .
People who are honest , dedicate to their work and have integrity .
Slacker and those who violate working procedures and ignoring deadlines .
Ah yes , I'd like to book two rooms for myself and my father . Could you tell me the cost of a single room per night ?
Fine .
From the 25th to the 28tri of September .
That's right .
Yes , we have rooms available then . You require two single rooms ?
Can l have your name please ?
And your father's name , Ms White ?
Could you spell the surname please ?
Double P for Papa ?
Sure . Any specific reason I should know about in case people ask where you are .
No problem . Good luck .
I ’ m having a problem .
I apparently owe some fees , but I never got the bank statement .
My fees went up , but I didn ’ t even know I had fees to pay .
What are you going to do about it ?
I don ’ t have to pay any fees ?
That ’ s fine . I appreciate your help .
That's terrible .
No , you do not have to . The handbag can be taken with you . There is the cart at the entrance .
Well , how old is your baby ?
The milk powder on the second level of the shelf is for the kids from 2 ages to 4 ages . I advice that you should buy the Wyeth brand , the source of milk is imported from New Zealand .
You can be assured of it . There are various nutritions which are beneficial for the growth of babies ' bone and cerebrum .
It is feeding-bottle as the free gift .
Yes , I can .
Then how about the expenses during the trips ?
Would you tell me where we often travel ?
It's great ! I like these places .
Yes , I can .
I see .
OK . Thank you very much for telling me all these things .
Yes , on Monday .
I'm probably going to spend the day looking at cars .
Yes , I am . I'd like to be able to get around a little more .
Oh , I don't know . Of course , gasoline costs a lot these days .
A lot of people do . I'll try it for a while anyway , but I certainly don't want to pay a lot of parking tickets .
Hmm . I see what you mean . Have you spoken with Roger ? He usually does better work than this .
All right . Leave these ads with me . I ’ ll speak to him this morning .
Yes . I am looking for a restaurant with a cheerful atmosphere .
Well , thanks for your help .
Which kind of internet connection do you want to get ?
There is dial-up or DEL .
I would get DEL if I were you .
It's the best choice ; plus , it won't tie up your phone line .
Dial-up is connected through your phone , unlike DEL .
Exactly . With DEL you don't have that problem .
Just me . I'm traveling alone .
Just one carry-on and one that I want to check .
That's right .
I will have fun .
OK . I don't mind going bar hopping with an expert like you .
I think I'll have a glass of wine . Let's see ... they have red wine , white wine and port . They even have sangria ! It's the happy hour special .
Good choice ! But , what's your favorite kind of hard liquor ?
I don't know .
I suppose my strong point is that I like developing new things and ideas .
Yes , I like inventive jobs and I am capable and responsible .
Most of the time I'll be on a tour , enjoying the beautiful scenery there .
I'll go to the Yellow Stone Park , and Great Canyon .
Ok , do you want us to use starch ?
Yes , sir . Your shirts will be ready by Thursday morning . Anything else ?
No problem , sir .
We remain open from 9am till 8p m .
Here is your laundry ticket , sir .
Yes , sir . May I have your laundry ticket , please ?
Yes , they are ready to go .
No problem .
10 dollars .
Thank you , bye .
Let me show you , the one with curly hair .
yes , come on in . how's your new job going ?
that's great . I knew you'd do a good job as a manager .
how's your assistant manager getting on ?
what seems to be the problem ?
if you gave him another 30 days , do you think he could figure it out by then ?
I see . Not everyone is cut out to work in management .
there's an opening in the creative design department . It involves working with computers .
Just a moment , I'm coming.Now , what would you like ?
Yes , certainly.Here you are .
It's written in English too , in smaller print.There .
Right.Now , what are you having ?
All right , but would you be so kind as to make up your mind soon ? We're very busy just now as you can see , sir .
I want to go to the supermarket .
Let's get a shopping cart .
What are you going to buy ?
OK . I'd like some oranges . But they don't look quite ripe yet .
I'll take some , too .
OK . I'll go and buy some cakes .
No . Let's go over to the check-out stand .
Thanks .
Well , I'm looking for a job .
What kind of information do you want ?
Wilson .
Steven Michael .
Yes , It's Henrylee@yahoo.com .
Twenty-one .
In California .
Excuse me . Can you tell me where l can buy a notebook and a pen ? I need them badly .
That's quite convenient.Well , would you please buy me some ? I am so busy.My room number is 304 .
Un .. Those are 25 dollars each .
Well , I could offer you maybe 10 percent off .
This one I'd better chat with the manager . Could you give me a second ?
Hi . I want to check out . My room is 1005 .
Yes . Can I have a look at my bill ?
OK . I would like to have my receipt report , please .
My main duties include designing survey sheets , transferring them to the dispatchers , making telephone covering on blurred information and processing the data and doing the primary analysis .
First , it was how to design survey sheets according to the subjects , because we had to prevent the questions from being too influential and we must make sure that every question was balanced and equitable . Secondly , it was how to get information through telephone covering in the fastest and most effectively way , because the person doing the survey usually doesn ’ t have the patience to wait for long feedback . So the way we put up questions must be clear and direct and only by this means can we get accurate data .
Because this order is a comparatively big one , we would like to pay by time L / C , say , 60 days L / C .
But we have only moderate mean at hand . If you can do us a special favor this time and allow us to delay payment , we'd really appreciate it .
Thank you for your consideration . When will you let me know your answer ?
Yes , I'd like to buy these razors .
Yes , I am . You must be Tom . Nice to meet you .
Be careful , Tom . Those are pretty heavy .
Thank you very much .
I am looking for a more challenging position . I can ’ t grow anymore in my current job .
I have studied carefully the information about your company on the internet and I have checked your company ’ s homepage . I am impressed by the company . And I like the products a lot . Since you ’ re growing steadily , I would be very eager to help you to improve your accounting system .
I work quite well with a team . I ’ m a good team player . I respect people , cooperate well with member ’ s team . And I will do my best to help team members .
I ’ d like to bring to ABC Company not only my technical skills , ambition , enthusiasm , but also my loyalty . A sincere desire to become an administrative assistant is the heart of my career plans .
Yes . Which one is the latest ?
It's my style . Will it be resistance to balling ?
Of course . Reservations aren't necessary , but we recommend them as our restaurant can get quite busy .
What time ?
Smoking or non ?
What name is the reservation under ?
Ok . Please arrive at seven forty-five . We can only hold the table until 8,15 .
Well , we are sorry to hear that.May I have your name and room number ? We will deal with the matter right now .
Mr . Ted , I have to apologize for that and I assure you it won't happy again .
Yes . I want to apply for a job you posted on the Internet yesterday .
Service Technician . How can I apply for this position ?
Where is it ?
Okay . Thanks .
Yes , Mum .
But it's Sunday , isn't it ?
Hello , this is the property manager . How may I help you ?
What room was the leak in ?
Are you on the top floor , or is there another apartment above you ?
I will be sending someone out as soon as I can get hold of the roofer . Will you be home this morning ?
Fine . If you do end up going somewhere , we can just use our pass key .
Put it on my VISA .
What ’ s wrong with it ?
You ’ re kidding me !
I only have one card .
I don ’ t have any cash on me .
I ’ ll be back tomorrow .
Yes , please . I'd like to start with a chef ’ s salad .
I'll have steak .
Medium .
Peas and carrots .
Boiled .
My stomach hurts , Doctor .
Yes .
I have had it on and off for the past three years . It's just gotten much worse these past two weeks .
After I've eaten , it goes away for a while .
Yes , occasionally .
I think so .
Is it serious ?
Do you have the ticket with you ?
Let me see your ID .
You need it to pay your fine .
Because , I need to see a photo ID in order to verify who you are .
All right , come back and bring your ID .
Once you pay it , your record will be cleared .
Extension 1616 , please .
Then , will you try extension 235 ?
I'm going shopping .
I'm going to leave around 4 O'clock .
OK .
I'm not sure .
25 dollars . Do you think that's enough ?
I think it's OK . I also have two credit cards .
Thanks . See you later .
Yes , I'd like to buy a color TV .
No . Which one do you recommend ?
Thank you , but I'd prefer to buy a China-made set .
Sky worth .
Is this Susan ?
Oh well , do you know if the Susan Li is available ?
Yes.When is the next train to New York City ?
Aren't there any trains before ten thirty ?
Then one to New York at ten thirty .
One way .
How much is a soft ?
Then one hard seat , please .
Oh , are the connections correct ?
Let me see . Look ! You confused the video frequency with the audio frequency .
Can it work now ?
So what's the problem ? Maybe there is something wrong with the disk .
Give it to me .
Uh , the movie of Tom Hanks . I know why it can't play . This is a DVD disk .
I bought some special local products .
Yes . I really wanted to do so . I love those handicrafts , especially the paper-cut .
Aren't animals the main content of Chinese paper-cuts ?
Then I will buy some tomorrow .
Because I want to send them to my friends .
I need a Deposit Certificate to handle some stuff in land .
Yes , I recalled you charging that before . And I thought it was extortionate ! Haha !
OK ... so it'll come out of my account ? Well , that makes it much easier .
Nope . That's everything , thanks .
I've finished my white clothes . I need to wash the rest .
I can do that . Is there a special way you want them washed ?
Do you have a lot of clothes that need to be washed ?
My load isn't that big .
I can do this for you . Don't worry .
Don't mention it .
That ’ s about all I can spare , Karen . What do you need ?
She seems to be quite qualified . If it ’ s a personal problem , I ’ d prefer it if you would work it out between yourselves .
Wait a minute . It's $ 80.5 .
Sorry , sir . We accept cash only .
Yes , of course . I'm Jimmy White .
Same here .
It is green . Come upstairs and see it .
Look ! Here it is !
My hat ’ s new , too .
It ’ s the same color . It ’ s green , too .
Good morning , Jamie . What time is it now ?
I see . What is today's schedule ?
OK . Can you prepare things for the meeting in the meeting room ? Make enough copies of the handouts .
Yes . I am going to show them some slides in the meeting . Can you call Mr . Brown to remind him of the dinner this evening ?
That would be great ! You are really a good employee .
Yeah . I just can't find it anywhere .
Let's get it back .
lt's a TV palace ! I'm glad I brought my platinum card .
Where is Tom ? It was his idea to have the bachelor party at a ETV , wasn't it ?
Then I bet he's really good !
This is where we sing ? These booths are so comfortable I think could fall asleep !
It's up to you .
Well , I've been browsing online , but I ’ m not really sure what to do about payment . I would like to know what the most convenient way to do it is .
That does sound interesting . How can I get this service ?
You have so many antiques and Chinese paintings here . May I have a look first ?
Are they genuine ?
10:15 a . m .
Sorry . You have to buy your ticket at the next counter .
I certainly am . What can I do for you ?
Sure . By all means please do . Please take a seat .
Firstly , we can provide our meeting agenda before he comes . And then on the day when he is coming , we wait for him at the gate of our company's gate .
It's an honor and a privilege to receive a visit from such a distinguished group .
Maybe we should send them to the reserved hotel for a short break , meanwhile we can also raise a question on what they want to have and know .
Sure . The twenty-ninth is out . I ’ ll be out of the office all day at a seminar . Either the twenty-eighth or the thirtieth is fine .
Sounds good to me . You make up the invitations , I ’ Ve got run . I ’ Ve got a meeting in five minutes .
Yes , I would like to return these slacks .
Yes . Here it is . I bought them last week .
I bought them to go with a blouse of mine . But they don't really match .
Yes , they were thirty percent off .
I know many stores have that policy . But I have returned sale items here before .
I just bought these slacks a week ago . And I am a regular customer here . Can you make an exception this time ?
Good . I'm a regular customer here . I am glad you can make an exception for me .
Here it is .
Store credit is okay with me . I'm sure I will find something I like . I shop here a lot .
Yes . When I saw the advertisement I thought it would really suit me .
I think that I'll be really good at this kind of work . In fact I learn so fast that I'll be looking for promotion very shortly .
A laboratory assistant helps to maintain scientific equipment , keep a check on the supplies in the store , and prepare the chemicals for experiments .
I suppose I'm a reasonable student . I passed all my tests and enjoyed studying subjects that interested me .
Maths and chemistry were my favorite subjects at school . I also enjoyed history .
Well , I've thought about doing the part-time Chemistry Certificate course at Technical College . I think I would really benefit from doing that .
Yes . I have worked part-time at a take away food store-the one just round the corner .
Well , I've found out a lot about this type of work and my research suggests that I would be quite capable of doing the work involved . I also think that I would be able to handle any training course reasonably well .
Thank you . When will I know if I am successful ?
Goodbye .
Can I speak to Miss Cooper please ?
Engaged.Oh , dear ! Could you tell her it's a long-distance call ?
How long do you think she'll be ?
Can I leave a message , please ?
Can you tell her I'm waiting to speak to her ?
Thank you very much .
What kind of jewellery do you like to have ?
May I show you gold ones or platinum ones ?
Pure gold or carats ?
OK .
1336 yuan .
No , thanks . I ’ m just looking around .
Thanks a lot .
What about that one ?
No , sir . You can sit where you like .
Yeah , but we still need RIB 500,000 . Maybe we can use some of our savings to pay part of it .
Great , so we can afford the new apartment after all !
Yes , we're interested in seeing the rooms for rent .
That is exactly what we're looking for .
That sounds all right to us .
How about tomorrow afternoon ?
See you tomorrow .
Yes , sir , let me show you the table . This way please .
Of course .
I work for a large multinational company called DAK Group . We have five main area of business - construction , heavy industry , shipbuilding , motor vehicles and telecommunications .
The motor vehicles division . I work in our Belgian factory . We manufacture components for our car production plants in Europe .
In Seoul . But the company has operations in over fifty countries and thirty factories all over the world .
What's the fare ?
The fare is different from the meter .
But I thought it was . Anyway . I am in a hurry . Here is the money .
Yes . I've got a small room .
200 yuan a week , but smoking is not allowed .
Would you mind waiting ? I'm on the telephone .
Hello , Ms Li , this is Mr Peng .
We'll be coming in tomorrow to make a rather large cash withdrawal , it's for payroll .
500,000 RIB . Do you need me to give you my account number ?
Thanks very much for your help , Li Lan . See you tomorrow .
Yes , go straight along Beijing Road and turn right .
No , it's just a couple of minutes .
You're welcome .
Excellent . How many would you like ?
You need to fill out this form , please .
That will be no problem , sir .
Very good , sir . Your order will be ready in one week .
No problem , sir . But it will cost you extra .
Yes.Do you sell stockings ?
Sure . Are those pantyhose made of artificial silk ?
It's rather an unusual case . Have you found the cause of leaking ?
It appears to be the only case to us , that the goods have been damaged on the way .
Could you offer us a certificate issued by your Health Department ?
Now we are prepared to settle the issue with you amicably .
This is he .
All right .
Thank you for hiring me . I'm very proud to be employed by your firm .
Yes , I will . I hope I'll enjoy working with you .
Take the No . 7 bus . There's a bus stop just over there .
Yes . No need to change .
Get on , PLS . Where do you wanna go ?
All right , Miss . I think we will get there if there are no delays on the way .
According to the kilometer rate , the first five kilometers are 4 dollars and every kilometer extra costs 50 cents .
Here we are , Miss .
You owe me 19 dollars .
Thank you !
I am attending Hebes University of Technology .
This coming July .
I will receive a Bachelor's degree .
My major is Business Administration .
I have been doing quite well at college . According to the academic records I've achieved so far , I am confident that I will get my Bachelor of Business Administration this coming July .
I have already learned a lot in the classroom and I hope to be able to make practical use of it in your company . My specialization at the university is just in line with the areas your institute deals with . I am sure I can apply what I have learned to the work in your institute .
Yes , it's not very far from here . Follow this road until you get to the traffic lights . You will see a small restaurant at the corner .
It is on the right . But it is on the other side of the lights .
You go straight on at the lights , but just past the restaurant building there is a small road to your right .
Yes , you need to turn right and follow that road for about four minutes . You will see the Post Office on your left .
Yes and it is quite a big building so you won't miss it . There is also a small supermarket next to it .
You're welcome .
Yes . I'd like to buy a sweater for my husband . Which style is the latest ?
I like this style . But do you have any other colors ? I feel that this color doesn't suit his complexion .
Great ! I will take it . And could you suggest a pair of trousers to match this sweater ?
Let me see . Yes , they are perfectly matched !
Thanks . Dad , but I can manage it myself .
Yes , I know . The problem is that I can't find it . Where did you put it ?
Oh , yes , here it is .
What's up ?
No . Dad . We have a tour guide .
No , I won't get sick . I promise . Ok . I've finished . Bye , Dad . See you !
Dad , that's all right . I don't think it will rain . And it doesn't make any sense to take that many things on a trip . Besides I like to travel light . Bye !
Walk down this road , take the fourth turn to the right.Then you'll see it .
No . It's only about five minutes ' walk .
Not at all .
No , thanks . My husband said , We'd like to pay now .
What ? Where does that five come from ?
But I only have 900 in cash here . Can you let it go for 900 yuan ?
My husband said he had a credit card . Do you accept credit card ?
Great . Here it is .
Yes , please . Thank you very much .
Thank you very much .
Yes . We have all kinds of colors for it .
What's your favorite color ?
Sometimes pink is not bad , too .
Thank you . Anything else ?
Oh no . I broke your vase accidentally .
I bumped it by accident , but I didn't mean to do it .
I feel miserable . Can I give you money for it ?
First I was late for school this morning , and now I broke your vase . This isn't my day !
I don't think so.It ' s impossible to equate wealth and happiness .
Of course not.Sometimes a poor man can be extremely miserable .
Good morning . I would like to make a reservation to Hong Kong for August 2 .
May I inquire about the departure time ?
When will the plane reach Hong Kong for the morning flight ?
OK . I would like to book a ticket for that one .
Yes , I know . What's the fare ?
I see . Will it be doubled for the round trip ?
I won't .
We usually eat chicken , pork and beef . You eat these meats a lot in your country too , don't you ?
I've heard that people in your country like mutton chops .
Yes , I have . I tried once when I visited your country last year . I think they were very tasty . Can you cook them ?
That sounds great . I'll bring a bottle of wine then .
No , nobody .
Well , to be frank , yes , I do .
Actually it is . Perhaps you haven ’ t noticed the sign .
There , on the window .
That ’ s all right .
What time would you like your wake-up call ?
That is no problem at all , of course . You'll get a call at 7 o'colock and another at 7 fifteen .
So , that'll be a call at 7 and another at 7 thirty.Do you have any other requests ?
Okay , sir . Sleep well .
Hello , Lucy .
Yes , I have decided to work with your company .
It's my honor to be one member of your company . I'd like to begin to work any time as you like .
No problem . Thank you for calling me .
I'm on my way .
I ’ m afraid not . He will be not free until 11:30 .
Let me check .
But , Mom , I can't eat anymore . I'm stuffed .
It's not that I don't like your cooking , but I ate some cookies before we had dinner .
Hello . My aunt in the US has sent me $ 500 . She sent it yesterday , using the standard service . It's my birthday today , you see .
Yes . Here's my card . Do you need my ID ?
There you go .
Let me see.Oh , we have the design but not the same color as this one .
You're welcome .
Yes , I didn't know Washington , DC got so cold in winter .
I really think we should take a tour of the White House .
Of course . But today I feel like seeing the White House.We should see it first , because it's the most famous historical building here .
Boring ? How can it be boring ? It sounds very interesting to me .
Yes , ma'ma . There'll be no problem with the quality .
You don't have to worry about it . We have a one year warranty .
Sure . We have a good after-sale service . Your satisfaction is guaranteed .
It is about 10 minutes walk .
Are we going to come back here for lunch ?
I have finished . We can go now .
Let's stop at the newsagent , I would like to buy a newspaper . We can also buy postcards for your friends .
Yes it is down there , at the end of the road , next to the supermarket .
It's 89 yuan .
Let me check .
Hi , Mr.Lin . I am leaving tomorrow and I am just packing .
It doesn't matter , Mr.Lin . I can understand . I know you are always very busy . Work must come first .
Yes . And I would like to convey my thanks to you for your help during my stay here in Nanjing .
Me too . I am looking forward to cooperating with you again .
It's Flight No . 104 , Northey Airlines , which leaves at ten O'dock tomorrow evening .
That is so thoughtful of you .
Thanks a lot . My wife and I will be welcoming and looking forward to your visit .
Goodbye . Thanks again .
Well , that is the chart showing our company ’ s organizational structure .
Ok . On the top , Mr . Thomas , the managing director , is responsible for running the company .
Four . They are production department , finance department , sales and marketing department and HR department . I directly report to Mr . White . He is on a business trip and is suppose to be back this morning . Probably you will be meeting him at lunch .
Mr . White , too .
No . Um , do you carry any padded coat ?
Small size .
Whatever . You know , I ’ m thinking of a gift for my mother . It ’ s her 60 birthday next Friday . Could you give me some advice ? You are the expert .
Looks nice . How much do you charge ?
That ’ s sheer robbery . I ’ m sure you can do better than that .
$ 80 .
Yes , we have . The city is famous for its beautiful evening scenery .
It starts at 7:00 and lasts 3 hours .
Just a moment , please , while I check . That's correct.You have a double room on the fifth floor .
But they're hard to be disposed of .
Come in please .
Yes . Put them on there please .
Thank you . By the way , what shall we do with the plates when we finish our meal ?
I see . Thanks a lot .
Yes , I have .
No problem . I can do that for you .
I know . What time do they go ?
Okay , I won't forget .
What are you getting donations for ?
How much money are you looking to make ?
Are you doing different fundraisers ?
You should do something else .
Try a car wash and selling candy .
You ’ ll make more money that way .
Well , Mr.Li has very good taste in wine , and Galp is one of the biggest clients . I suggest you take them to a decent French restaurant . Make sure you make a very good impression .
Or Lapis . They are both listed this year glory magazine for have most of frantic Fetch cuisine in town . But I heard Lapis has a better wine selection .
Sure .
I'm in favor of Maggie .
That's right , Nigel . I think we can keep cost down .
Yes , I ’ m here to see Joanna Stevens . I have an appointment at four .
Sure , it ’ s Josh O ’ Neil .
Yes , a coffee would be nice , thank you .
Yes . Is this Paula ?
No , that ’ s all right . Paula . Why don ’ t you get something to eat , and I ’ ll see you this afternoon .
Yes , we've got a very tender new shipment from the mainland . It is a weekend special .
One pound and fifty pence a pound .
Here it is . Four pounds and fifty pence in all .
Yeah , I cherish it . Because I have been working like a dog for two months to buy it .
Yes , I'll have tomato soup and my friend will have mushroom soup .
Yes , bring us two steaks and two loads of bread , please .
Certainly ! How much are you planning to spend on dinner , sir ?
May I suggest our own hotel restaurant ? It got three stars in the latest restaurant review .
There's always Gramercy Tavern . They have live jazz . The food is delicious , but very expensive .
As you wish , sir . You'll have a wonderful time there .
Can I help you ?
Alright . I'll send someone over tomorrow .
Fine , I'll be up in a few minutes .
Sure . At what time ?
I am sorry , sir . We are booked until 9:10 .
Normally , about 60 people . But it may depend .
About 20 % of them come from other countries and the others are employed from domestic universities and colleges .
Yes , I'd like to have a roast chicken leg .
No .
No , enough .
Waiter , come back .
It's not too salty .
Waiter , come back again .
Not too rare .
Why do you come back again ?
What's that ?
Thanks , thanks a lot and thanks a million .
I can't forget about this when next time .
Overtime work is very common in companies . I can work overtime if it's necessary , but I don ’ t think we will work overtime everyday .
No , I don ’ t like regular work . I am interested in different projects with new opportunities and new challenges , but I can do regular work if the company needs me to do so .
My familiarity to computer is great , and I use computer frequently in my daily life and work .
I am competent in using Word , Excel , Windows and other commonly used softwares .
Your major must be computer .
Yes , I ’ m quite satisfied with your qualifications .
Generally speaking , training new members is usually necessary . We offer our new employees a one-week training course .
Yes , of course . You will be responsible for the designing and developing new products and also be in charge of the evaluation of the software programs including complex software systems to ensure product features and operation complaints .
We have a dinner reservation for four at 7:00 under the name of Foster .
Thank you . Would it be OK if we have a cocktail while we are waiting ?
I would really prefer an outside table . Would that be possible ?
Sure , that would be great ! Thank you !
Yes , I would like a vodka gimlet , please .
Thank you very much .
Well , we want to have the largest share . Our company is much larger than yours , and we have been in business longer .
What are you thinking about ?
Then , what would make you feel more comfortable ?
Yes . What about you ?
Really ?
Voting is simple .
That ’ s okay . They describe everything on the ballot .
Don ’ t worry . You ’ ll be fine .
Congratulations on your first voting day .
May I have some water , please ?
With my dinner , please . And can you take my order for dessert later ?
Well , I attend an aerobic class three times a week .
No . And on the contrary , I feel young , fresh and energetic .
Since it's your first time to Vienna , I think you should go to the concert .
Have a nice evening .
Tom has gone to lunch .
Do you want me to have him give you a call ?
He should be back in about forty minutes .
The aroma of roasting coffee beans .
Green beans . They pop and turn brown when you roast them .
This machine roasts the beans just right . If you roast them too long , or the temperature is too hot ...
He is in his office , but you'd better choose your words carefully while talking to him .
Nothing . But he is in a bad mood today .
That's all right .
I can't agree more , honey . We need to get away from work from time to time .
We are nor alone here . So many other families !
Well , let's go over there and put a blanket on the lawn .
Oh , so heavy ! What have you put in here ?
Toys ? Why do we need toys for a picnic ?
Sure , then . May it really be a day of enjoyment . Other than that , we can also teach him something about science .
I mean we can inspire him for a deeper understanding of the natural world .
Well , OK . you are always right .
Thanks , I like it too . I bought it at the nearby department store .
Yeah , I know that . But at those places . the prices they ask you are ridiculously high , and if you don't bargain hard , you will get ripped-off .
Yeah , but personally I hate bargaining . If I bargain , I might come to a lower price . But I will never know the true price of what I am buying , and I'll always have the feeling that I am over charged at those places .
That's why I like department stores more . Shopping at a wholesale market like the locals is one of the few things I am unable to grow accustomed to .
No , I don't . Please .
Of course . And 2 - week paid vacation a year , a 5 - day work week .
I'm glad that you could get back to me so fast .
I needed to talk to you about your son .
He was acting up in class one day last week .
He wouldn't stop talking throughout the class .
If you could , would you please talk to him ?
I really appreciate your help .
No . I am Canadian . Are you Chinese ?
Nice to meet you , too . Let me show you around .
About two years , but it seems as if I got here yesterday .
I can't wait to see the expression on her face when we dump her .
Don't worry . I'm patient , but vengeance will be mine .
You might want to try the mangoes .
It's a fruit a little smaller than a grapefruit . It has a big seed in it .
Maybe some animals eat the seed , but humans don't . You'd have to soak it for 10 years .
Today you get a 50 - percent discount . They're only $ 1 each .
Their flesh is soft and juicy . It has a citrus taste . It's sweet .
Just press into it gently with your thumb . If it feels soft , it's ready to eat .
These are from Guatemala , but we're going to start getting mangoes from India .
Hold on , please .
Sorry , but she ’ s out .
I ’ d be glad to .
Yes , here is our offer , 30,000 skirts at 200 yuan per skirt , FOB New York . You will find our price comes in line with the prevailing market .
In fact , if it weren't for our good relations , we wouldn't consider making you a firm order at this price .
But you know our design is superior to any other products from other companies . In fact , there is no room to negotiate the price now . You should be aware that the production cost alone has doubled in the past year .
Of course . Is the dinner still on ?
We were planning on walking both ways since the weather is still nice .
It can't be that bad .
Really ? I never would have guessed . The criminals must only come out in the evenings , because I've never noticed anything strange when I've been at your house in the daytime .
Ok , we will . How do you get around in the evenings ?
Has anything else happened to you ?
Well , we'll be careful . Thanks for letting me know .
Well , what game do you want to play ?
Do you know how to play it ?
OK . Teach me how to play the game .
Thank you very much , Mr . Smith . I am very happy that I ’ ll be a member of your team . May I see the agreement first ?
OK , thank you . Well , I find that the salary level in this agreement is not like what you have said in the interview . Can you give me some explanations ?
Can we add up this item to the agreement ?
No , thank you . Shall we sign the agreement now ?
Thank you . I'll work hard .
Certainly . May I see your social security and your ID Please .
Oh . Current account don ’ t pay our interest .
It ’ s primarily design for business transactions . That is write checks to pay the bills , buying things and sending money . We won ’ t expect a large amount of deposit in current account .
Oh , yes.What do you recommend today ?
OK , I'll have it for change .
Hi , I would like to make a dinner reservation .
We will need the reservation for Tuesday night .
We would prefer 7
There will be 4 of us .
Thank you . The last name is Foster .
Thank you so much . I appreciate your help .
I have a Time Deposit here and I'd like to get the money now .
Yes , I know , but I need the money urgently for a family emergency , you see . I know I should apply in writing if I wish to withdraw , but I'm afraid there just isn't time .
Well , it can't be helped . I really must have that money . Thank you .
Yes , I'll have a boiled egg with toast and orange juice , please .
Hard-boiled , please .
Dark , please .
Later will do .
No , that's all . Thanks .
That's right .
Yes , can you recommend some steak ?
OK I will try it . Do you have a small portion ? I am afraid I can't finish the large one .
We need to redo the curtains and paint all the walls and ceilings .
You mean we can't just buy curtains already made ?
While the curtains are being made , I can start having people look at the kitchen . I can't stand that old kitchen . I won't be able to cook there . I don't want to use that electric stove .
I agree . The colors must be soft and pleasant . You should feel comfortable when you cook our dinners .
No , I don't think so . I'll be too busy having tea in our new tea room .
And you'll have to sell your motorcycle . And your cameras . Right ?
Four times might be enough . Not once or twice .
All right . Our insurance coverage is 110 % of the invoice value , up to the port of destination only .
Ok , this premium for the difference between 130 % and 110 % of the invoice value should be borne by the buyer .
You're so careless , Billy .
I've done it for you .
Yes , I want to buy a suit .
Yeah , it's quite cute . I don't think it will fit me . I would prefer a darker color . Have you a black one ?
Sure , for how many ?
May I have your name ?
Yes . Do you have any flight to Paris on 15th ? I want one leaving in the afternoon .
Is it a direct flight ?
Well , I don't think I want it .
Oh , it's really popular these days .
Honestly speaking , I think the one next to it suits you better .
That's not true . Look over there ! That lady chose the same one and she is surely older than you .
Which color do you like ?
Nice choice .
I hope not but it will take at least three hours .
Of course , ma'am , Tell me where to go .
All right.There we go .
I ’ m so happy about that .
I sure did . How about you ?
I have complete confidence in our new President .
I know he will help change America .
I feel like things are already changing , because he was elected .
I ’ m not worried about our country now that it ’ s in his hands .
But this is how I like them , Mum . They ’ re just beginning to look right .
Where do you intend to go ?
That's beautiful .
Hello , this is Miller . I'm calling about the appointment with Mr . Zhang for this afternoon . Something's just come up , I'm afraid the appointment will have to be rescheduled , I'm very sorry about the change .
You're very kind to say so . Thank you . Do you think tomorrow morning would suit him ?
Tomorrow afternoon , Um ... you see , I've made an appointment with Mr . Comet for tomorrow afternoon . In order to meet Mr . Zhang , I have to cancel the appointment with Mr . Comet , I'm afraid .
I understand . When do you think I can come and see him tomorrow afternoon ?
Yes , that's quite all right for me .
Yes , please . Have you any vacancies for tonight ?
No , I don't think so .
Sorry , I'm busy . Why don't you ask Alice ?
Fill it up . Super Unleaded .
I just checked the oil myself , but you can check the tires .
I'll charge it . Here's my card .
Hello , I'd like to reconfirm my flight .
My flight No . is 102 leaving Baiyun Airport at fourteen twenty .
I am Jason Armstrong . My first initial is J .
Yes , that's right .
Thanks !
Yes , there is . There is only one ship there every day .
It leaves at 9:30 a . m ..
Yes , all the cabins are fit for two .
At Pier Five .
Yes . We charge 50 cents for iced water .
Sure . Do you need anything else ?
I'll put all that into the bag for you .
No , there's no charge for those .
Yes , I have many things to buy . I would like to choose the cleaning milk first .
Dry . That's my problem .
Sounds good . What about shampoo ? I would like to buy the product that prevents scurf .
Is it a newcomer ?
I do not care the brand as long as it works well .
I want to buy the toothpaste , the brand of Jiajieshi .
I'll take two value meals .
One Coca Cola and the other a Sprite , please .
Yes , I'd like that , then .
No , thanks . That will be it .
Yes . After my graduation from university , I worked as a Customer Service Coordinator in a foreign representative office , and then I transferred to a joint venture as a Market Development Manager . So I am familiar with the market in China .
I learned to be patient when dealing with customers complaints and try my best to solve them . In addition , I learned at my previous jobs how to cooperate with my colleagues .
No , I haven't discussed my leaving plans with my current employer , but I am sure he will release me .
Very good .
They would say I'm a dependable and hard worker .
Someone has stolen my cell phone .
OK . I left my cell phone in my room this morning before I want out.When I come back it was gone . I have looked every where in my room and I can't find it .
OK.Here you are .
No , I don't .
Yes , I have two cartons of cigarettes , one bottle of whisky .
No , this is the medicine for the stomach .
Yes , sir.Go ahead.Here you are .
Yes . Show me the sweaters , please .
Well , could you bring me all the styles of pullovers ? I am not quite sure which one I will buy .
Really . What do they mean ?
What do you think then ?
$ 70 , madam .
OK , here is your change .
You mean the network connection ?
I have the same question . I can ’ t send out mails . We ’ d better call the IT department and ask them to check it immediately .
We better see if he ’ s o . k .
He ’ s not answering . You ’ d better check his pulse and breathing .
Hello ? Yes . Someone has passed out at Connecticut Ave . and 1st St . He isn ’ t breathing and does not have a pulse . Yes . My friend is performing CPR . OK . Thank you . They ’ re sending an ambulance . Here , let me help .
Thank you so much . I have been expecting to come to China .
Oh , you needn't do that .
Of course , I have Monday or Tuesday available . What day would be best for you ?
Very well then . Are mornings or afternoons best ?
I will have my assistant check my calendar and get back to you with the exact time . Can you bring me an outline of the project when you come ?
Do you think that we should include the entire committee in the meeting or just our sub-committee ?
OK then , I will make the arrangements for them to attend . Do you know how to get there ?
Fine , we will make sure that we send you all of the information that you need . See you there !
Hi , Mary . Lily wanted me to buy her some things for the party .
It ’ s pretty bad .
I am glad I did not drive a car .
Sorry , sir . Dinners are available 20 minutes , drinks are served throughout the flight .
Atlanta Daily .
Here you are .
Yes . We ’ re having a special sale on this machine here .
No . It ’ s Swedish . Would you like me to demonstrate it for you ?
Please dissolve the powder in hot water . Soak your hand or foot in it for 20 minutes twice a day .
Put the eye-drop into your right eye 4 - - 6 times a day , 1 - - 2 drops each time . Squeeze a bit of the ointment on your eyelid every night .
You're welcome .
Come in please .
How long will it take ?
Well , would you please come back fifteen minutes later ? We are to visit the Tower .
Yes , to tell you the truth , there is .
Well , I've lost my wallet and my ID card .
Forget it , there is no use crying over the spilled milk .
She had a sudden heart attack .
Don ’ t worry . She is much better now . But you are not permitted to disturb her at the moment .
Yes , I think so .
My pleasure .
It covers an area of 75,000 square meters .
In the early 70s . We ’ ll soon be celebrating the 30th anniversary .
Thank you .
500 . We ’ re running on three shifts .
Our associates specializing in these fields make some access - ries . Well , here we ’ re at the production shop . Shall we start with the assembly line ?
Oh , I see . You ’ Ve already decided , have you ? Now , you listen to me , you ’ re only 19 .
Oh . So you think you can just do whatever you want , do you ?
Before I answer that , I want to make sure that you know what I was looking for . Are you clear on what I was looking for ?
I inspect the home for problems that might not be all that apparent in a quick walk-through .
The owners might not be aware of everything wrong with the house . Some things are hidden , but might still be a problem for you in the future .
I inform you of the problems . If there are major problems , you can decline to buy the house or they may wish to fix any problems .
I found some fairly major problems . A major support beam in the roof is broken , and the shower floor leaked and rotted out the second-floor joist .
Oh , I'm sorry , Nigel . I'm rushing to a meet right now .
Sure , but this week is crazy for me . Can we make it next Monday ?
That's fine . See you then .
Let's just park here .
Oh , the policeman's coming .
Yes , and I am very satisfied with it .
Would you please tell me about fringe benefits of the company ?
What do they include ?
That sounds great .
The fringe benefits in your company are excellent , and it's generous of you to offer five insurances and one fund
I want to know if the staff can get a vacation every year .
That's quite good . Thank you for telling me about those .
Yes , Dad ?
Well , no . It just seemed like another bill we ’ d have to pay .
That's true . Well , how much do you think I should get ?
I can write computer programs , I have a good command of secretarial skills .
I have a doctor license and a driving license .
I passed both the Cambridge Examinations ( First Certificate and the Certificate of Proficiency in English ); and studied for a year in London at the Lucas Secretarial College , ending with speeds of 120 words per minute in English shorthand and 50 words per minute in typing . I was also trained in office procedure .
I ’ Ve received some special training in typing , shorthand and operating a fax machine , etc .. I ’ m experienced in IBM-PC . I can operate familiarly a word-processor , a fax machine , a photo and other office equipment .
Yes , I'm looking for a house .
Oh , to rent .
About 300 a month .
How big is it ?
Well , actually I prefer something a bit bigger if that's possible .
How much is it ?
What's it like ?
It sounds interesting . Can I go and see it ?
We need to get food ?
What are you going to buy ?
Go and look in the kitchen .
You should just get the basics .
Get some eggs , milk , and bread .
Okay , I'll write it down for you .
That won't be a problem , sir .
You're right , sir . Your whole day is still ahead of you .
We have a storage place here , but you have to leave a deposit .
Just present your VISA card , and there won't be any problems .
Okay , sir , but remember how close it is to your checkout time .
Hello , there . I've just started using your net banking and I'm looking for some information about my Commission Fund .
Regarding what exactly ?
You are speaking with Ryan . How can I help you ?
What seems to be the problem ?
When did you get that ?
What are you doing for it ?
Good . You probably should be much better by tomorrow .
Yes , that is me . Nice to meet you , Monica . Welcome on board !
Well , we have nicer things than that in this company . You will find out soon .
Well , I bet you will love them too . If you need help , just ask me any time . I am in the next door . You can also reach me through the extension 508 .
Pass him .
I need help finding a new refrigerator .
That Kenmore looks nice .
What makes is so great ?
What appliances are you talking about ?
May I take a look inside ?
It's very nice . I'd like to purchase this refrigerator .
Let me see . Yes , we still have four left .
How long would you stay ?
I ’ m on my way to work .
I work at the polling place .
I do this every year .
I applied online .
I enjoy working there every year .
They pay just enough .
I was able to contact them so , if you ’ ll step into my office , we ’ ll talk .
They want you to pick up the cost of the home inspection , but they accepted your offer .
It can cost between five hundred and one thousand dollars .
Yes , you get to choose . I would spend a little more to get a really thorough inspection .
I am going to contact the sellers immediately . They were looking forward to your acceptance .
Yet Julia is not a patch on Anne because she's not as diligent and clever as Anne .
Sixty dollars .
I'm afraid I have lost my ticket . Can I buy one again ?
I'm going to Nanchang .
At Huangshan .
And by the way , what time shall we get to Nanchang ?
Thanks .
I've been looking forward to visiting your factory .
First of all , you should pay attention to what you eat . Don't eat too much food with high calories , such as chocolate , ice cream and the like .
Stay away from fried foods . Fried foods are fried in oil or fat .
Do not be a couch potato . You should do more exercise .
I want to buy a bottle of perfume for myself .
I don't like strong perfumes .
I don't think it smells nice .
Yes , here you are .
Sure . The bittersweet perfume has a calming effect on the nerves .
How much is it ?
I'll take it .
Yes . He's waiting for you in his office . This way , please .
I ’ m Liu Yi . I ’ d like to speak to Mr . Smith .
I ’ d like to speak with Mr . Robert Smith .
Sure . You mean this one ?
It ′ s a state-of-the-art piece of equipment , sir . With a gigantic 16.1 USGA TFT screen , 2.8 Ghz mobile processor , generous 512 MB RAM , removable 80 GB hard drive , convenient CD-RW / DVD combo drive , stunning fast graphics board with 64 MB DDR DRAM , dual battery capability , integrated Fast Ethernet card , IEEE 1394 digital interface and eight USB ports , it has all the power of a desktop computer packed into an ultra-slim notebook !
The regular price is $ 2980.00 , but until December the 31st it ′ s on sale for just $ 2,699 . 00 .
Where you can buy lots of paraphernalia ?
Cool !
So , you're going to use Sarah's car to go cruising for chicks ?
I wish I could place a monthly order for a minimum of 50 cases , introducing your goods to my customers , but your price , $ 100 for a case , is too high in this highly competitive market .
People here desire medium-priced air freshener only . Please carefully consider my proposal , which will lead to a larger business between us .
Then , I am sorry to say I must regretfully decline your offer and seek quotations for the other suppliers .
Yes . I'll welcome other opportunities to do business with you .
I said it ’ s a lovely day . Why don't we go for a walk ?
Come on ! Rest breads rust .
I hope it won't be too long . It would be a shame not to take advantage of such lovely weather .
OK ! See you later !
Yeah , I just cannot find it anywhere .
You are risking your neck . Don ’ t you know they have guns .
Hold on a second , please . I'll see if he's in . I'm sorry , Mr.Baker had just gone out . Who's calling ?
Yes , certainly . What's that ?
OK , I'll have Mr.Baker call you as soon as he comes back .
You're welcome .
Correct . I have expected to visit here for a long time . So fortunate for me , I can realize this expectation and meet you , Arden , and your kind-hearted staff in your company .
That is one of reasons why I am here now . I am really willing to have some cooperation with your company .
Certainly . As you can see , we have several three-piece suites on sale . Feel free to sit down and test how comfortable they are .
Yes . The price has been reduced by 50 % . It ’ s a real bargain .
Those floor lamps are very nice and you can vary the brightness according to whether you ’ re reading or watching tv . How big is your living room ?
I ’ d suggest you buy two . That allows you to change the brightness of the room better .
Okay . I'm going to stay up a while . I've got to go over the household budget . We've sightly overspent this month .
But I'm not sleepy , darling . I want to finish it today .
Okay . Good night . Have a good dream .
Yes . I'll have a room free next week .
12,000 a year , but you can't get visitors to live in .
Could you come back later ? We're right in the middle of dinner .
Unfortunately , I missed a chance to see a classic movie .
It's my favorite .
I like Indian food as well .
Irrevocable letter of credit , of course . It's the normal terms of payment in international business .
You might consult your bank and see if you could reduce the required deposit to a minimum .
Well . As you understand , the irrevocable L / C gives the exports additional protection of the banker ’ s guarantee . We always ask for L / C for our exports , and the other way around , we pay by L / C for our imports . We only accept L / C for regular orders .
Hello , I ’ m the landlord . John Taylor .
Please , call me John .
Sure . Come on it . We just finished rebuilding everything .
No , we ’ re going to get that done next week .
Thank you .
That ’ s right .
Yeah . But why don ’ t you come by your office tomorrow to sign the lease ?
Thank you . See you tomorrow .
Yes , sir . Can I help you ?
Medium rare , that ’ s right , sir . I remember your order .
If it is not to your satisfaction , I ’ ll certainly bring you another . But I ’ m afraid you may have to wait for a few minutes .
Tea and silk .
Preferably at the big department stores .
Yes , that is me . Nice to meet you , Monica . Welcome on board !
Well , we have nicer things than that in this company . You will find out soon .
Well , I bet you will love them too . If you need help , just ask me any time . I am in the next door . You can also reach me through the extension 508 .
It's a document from the seller to the buyer . It contains full particulars of the goods sold , such as quantity , quality , price , forwarding particulars , and terms of payment .
Four . They are Loco invoice , FOB invoice , CIF invoice and Franco invoice .
By Loco invoice , the price includes only the cost of goods at the warehouse of the seller . By FOB invoice , the price includes the cost before the cargo is delivered . By CIF invoice , the price includes all the expenses of cost freight and insurance . The price in Franco invoice includes all expenses to destination .
We are going to have a party tonight , would you please look after our baby tonight ?
That's good .
No , we have an easy-payment plan . One-third down , and the balance in six months .
Certainly . Would you sit here please ? I'll call our credit manager .
It's just a formality , but for hire purchase we usually require references .
Perhaps your employer could supply us with one .
Certainly . A simple letter from your bank would be quite satisfactory .
What ! That sounds perfectly ridiculous ! Labour Day is a holiday for everyone , not just laboring staff ... and we get a whole day off tomorrow anyway , so what's the point of an extra hour tonight ?
So if we did allow the laboring force to go home early , how many people are we talking about ?
Everything's going very well . The first phase of the project was finished three days ahead of schedule . We're on target to complete phase two by the beginning of week 40 .
Well , we've just finished laying the cabling and we're waiting for the safety inspector to give us the go-ahead to continue . I'm just going to meet him . Do you want to come ?
Yes . I'd like to make a reservation to New York for 18th next month .
How long is that journey ?
Thank you .
Not yet .
A trim and perm .
A cold-wave , please .
Hello , Shelly , is it ? I'm here on behalf of my company , so I'll need the Corporate Banking Services .
I need to have a credit check done for my company .
That's no problem . Do you offer any other consulting services ?
Great . I'll wait right here , thanks .
We've brought you a little something from the place down the street , Kitty Cafe-Jamaican Blue Mountain coffee beans !
... yes , but this one has an all-new buzz .
What's so special about this song ?
Not very much . It sounds too emotional to me .
I'm afraid my association with Broadway musicals is rather limited .
I have a better idea . Let's go to a jazz concert and I'll give you an education in jazz .
Yes . I have reserved a table for 2 at 7:30 . My name is Bob .
Three of our friends will join us so can you seat 5 people at that time ?
Thank you .
I'm Jack in Room 606 . Can you change the room for me ? It's too noisy . My friend was woken up several times by the noise from upstairs . He said it was too much for him .
Anyway , I'd like to change our room .
Yes , I am looking for a suit .
Can I have a black one over there ?
Congratulations ! By the way , have you had all the things ready for the interview ?
That's not enough . You have many other things to prepare .
Besides the resume , you also need the original and copies of your graduation certificate and your ID card .
Also several copies of your one-inch color photos .
You also need to prepare formal clothes for the interview ; a suit should be the best .
Have a briefcase ready with all your interview materials in it for easy carrying .
All these should be enough . Good luck !
Hello ? Can you help me ? My computer ! Oh man ...
I turned on my laptop and it broke ! I mean , the monitor went black !
I don ’ t feel sick , ... let me check ... Nope ! No fever , I ’ m fine .
Phew ! . . . Wait a minute , CRASH ? ? ! ! Spyware ? Trojans ! What ? where ? when ? !
When did you last time have your eyes checked ?
Come over here . I will test your eyes . First cover your left eye like this , and when I point , please read the chart from the top , and go as far as you can telling me which way the “ E ” points .
Good . Now the other eye .
Never mind , just read as far as you can .
Why ?
Oh , good .
I prefer TV play to football .
What are you going to do ?
Maybe we can enjoy the TV play together . It's interesting .
That's great !
This TV is $ 2500 .
That's how much this t . v costs .
This television is of very high quality .
By how much ?
I'm sorry , but the price is final .
Look at me . I look so old ! I look as if I were thirty .
Yes , I am , but I think it ’ s time for some plastic surgery I ’ m tired of these wrinkles and sagging skin . See ?
Whatever , I think I ’ m gonna get liposuction and a nose job and some breast implants as well .
I thought you were my friend and would support me on this ! I just want to feel better about myself and feel more attractive .
Really ?
Hi , Ms . Seymour ? It ’ s Allan Parker . I ’ Ve been waiting to call you and thank you for all your help last week .
Well , I want to let your boss know that she ’ d better hold on to you ! You ’ re a hard worker !
It's at 7:30 a . m .
Well , let's try a size ten . ( He gets another pair and the customer tries a shoe on ) Looks like a perfect fit .
I'm sure they'll be fine once you break them in .
Thank you , ma'am . It's been a pleasure doing business with you .
What do you need to buy ?
Where are you going to go look for one ?
You don't know where you want to look for one ?
Do you want to know where I got mine from ?
I purchased mine from IKEA .
Not at all , but you get what you pay for .
Sure . At what time ?
Let me see ... Sorry , sir . We are fully booked tonight . Would you mind making a reservation some other time ?
Yes , sir .
I've got all the presents I need , and my family is working together to get all the food ready . That's easy , but I have another problem to deal with .
No , I did that a long time ago . It's about telling my son the truth about Santa Claus .
Yes . He's never said anything so I never told him . But now that he's getting older ...
Yes , he's too old to believe in that type of things . And I'd rather tell him before the kids at school do .
I can understand . I was lucky with my oldest , she figured it out by herself and didn't tell my son .
Hello , this is John . I wanna speak to Linda , please .
Hi , Linda . I want to invite you to a dinner tomorrow evening .
At seven thirty pm , Longing Chinese restaurant.And I'll go to your home and pick you up at 7 .
No , have a nice day !
See you .
Something awful happened . We went to the Portobello Road , and someone stole my handbag .
No . Only a few pounds . But my passport was in the bag . That ’ what I ’ m really worry about .
I ’ d better go tomorrow .
Yes , we're interested in seeing the rooms for rent .
That is exactly what we're looking for .
That sounds all right to us .
How about tomorrow afternoon ?
See you tomorrow .
Squid balls ? How about some more fruit !
Yeah , it's funny . I usually don't ever eat fruit ...
oh , Iris ! what was it about this time ?
I believe she was right . You must know that fried foods contain a lot of fat .
I think you'd better take her advice since health is the greatest wealth .
well , that's true .
she also believes in healthy diet . And she requires us to have regular meals .
Oh , i am grateful for my mother on this point . her idea of healthy eating helps me a lot keeping fit .
not really . I may have some occasionally for a chance . But I don't indulge myself too much .
it's pretty simple , Iris . Just keep it in mind that you're what you eat .
We should plan to move out of here before July . I'm tired of living in apartments .
We need to find a good realtor .
What do you mean ?
But doesn't a realtor help with the contract ? I thought they take care of all the legal troubles .
I still think we should have a realtor . We're new in this country . We don't know all the laws of buying a house . And also , the realtor will inspect the house . He can tell us if the house has any problems .
So how can we find a house if we don't have a realtor ?
And doesn't the person selling the house have a realtor ?
Why ?
Hmm . It all sounds very complicated .
I want to look in the papers today . Maybe we can see something we like .
Well , since we're collecting gifts instead of red envelopes , I made a " for guests only " gift chat room .
The Taiwanese won't have time to buy gifts in America . The chat room is more convenient .
Or discuss what gifts they could buy together .
We can also put a guest book on the website for people to sign and write comments .
Yeah , that will be the best part . Jack hasn't seen yours yet , right ?
What are you thinking ?
Well , what kind of dessert do you want ?
Do you know what kind you want ?
Did you want to know my favorite kind of pie ?
My absolutely favorite kind of pie is apple .
I'm happy to help .
if you have a few minutes , I'd like to talk to you about my future at this company .
thanks .
I've worked here as a sales representative for about a year now .
yes , but I'd like to have a chance at job advancement .
well , I've noticed that is a position available as a sales manager .
yes . I would be directly responsible for all of the sales representatives in my department . I assume there'd be more meetings , paperwork , and other responsibilities , too .
yes . In fact if you look at my resume , you can see that I was a manager before I started this job .
ok . Thanks for your support .
Thank you .
Sure ! Well , I graduated with honors from Chesterton University with a major in Business Administration , with a specialization in Information Management , and I minored in psychology . I chose this course of study for two reasons . I wanted to gain some practical , marketable skills , which the information management track provided , and I also feel that interpersonal skills are essential for professional success , hence the minor in psychology .
Well , I am really passionate about consumer behavior , so I pursued a master ’ s in that area . I also strive to keep my professional skills current , so I continuously attend seminars and conferences related management and customer service .
Yeah , I worked as their customer support manager , which brought me a breadth of experience in both client care , and process management . I supervised and coordinated the customer support team as well as implemented new strategies to achieve better customer satisfaction .
Yes , in this position I was able to make some pretty significant contributions to the overall success of the company . With the different initiatives that we implemented , we lowered our churn rate to about five percent , which had a direct impact on revenue .
What is that ?
What's special about Melbourne Zoo ?
Are the animals caged ?
That's really special .
Yes . in some sense . I should say I like mountain climbing , you know , because I'm not so professional . How about you ?
How did you spend the night there ?
I had a similar experience , but that was on the top of Tasha Mountain in my country .
Yes.It IS one of the Five Mountains .
I'd love to .
I had a drop too much last night . I attended a banquet given by a Chinese colleague of mine . And it was startling for me to find that people are forced to drink against their will on a Chinese table .
I just felt embarrassed if I refused to drink when people toasted to me . But if I keep gulping down one cup after another , I'm afraid I would feel unfit or sick .
A few guys even threw a drunken fit last night , crying hoarsely and bawling whole heaps of nonsense that I never understood .
I got you . Next time . I'll preface a toast with a statement like ' I can't drink any more ' and then drink anyway .
Yes , I'd like some information about the trains to Beijing .
On July 7 , I have to be there well before twelve o ’ clock .
And I have to get up early , too . Are there any non-stop trains to Beijing ?
I want to send this letter to the US by airmail .
I work at a hospital .
No , I'm a nurse .
What kind of scarf shall I show you ? We have them in all sorts and sizes .
At your service . Will this suit you ?
This is Chinese made .
Yes , it ’ s already fifty yuan off the original price .
Sorry , we can ’ t come down any more .
And the problem is , sir ?
My apologies , sir . We'll give you a new room and refund the value of your current room .
We always try to serve our guests in the most agreeable way possible .
All of the major sights are included . You'll visit the Louvre , the Eiffel Tower and all of the top museums . You'll also take a day trip out of Paris to Versailles .
Of course . Just give me your fax number .
Okay . I'll fax the itinerary to you immediately .
We also have to vacuum the house .
You'd better believe it .
No . You're going to do the entire house .
I'm going to mow the lawn .
Not even a single drop ?
I don't know . Since yesterday morning , the water pressure has dropped to a little more than a drip .
Yeah , I called and they said they'd send someone over .
It was 36 hours ago .
Hello . I've been asked to come and see about something called L / C ? What is it exactly ?
So the other party could be across the world or just on the other side of the street !
Of course . It's on Memorial Avenue .
Right . You know where that is ?
Well , do you know where the post office is ?
That won't help us . Let me see now ... Why don't you follow this street , Elm , until , you get to the second stoplight .
No .
It involves a lot of travel .
I ’ m not sure where to pick up my ballot .
How are you going to help me ?
Fabulous . Thanks .
I have it right here .
Now what am I supposed to do ?
Sounds good . Thanks .
Leave it to me . I'll fix it .
I'd like to have a shave .
Sure . But my beard is rough .
Yes , please .
Wonderful . How much is the cost altogether ?
Here you are . Thank you , bye-bye !
I share the same opinion . You are over-weight so it's hard for you to buy clothes .
Here is one tailor's shop . Why not order one here ?
I think salary is closely related to the responsibilities of the job . Shall we discuss my responsibilities with your company first ?
I know it is a crucial position , but I can do it well . So I'm asking for 200,000 Yuan a year as a starting salary .
Ok , here you are .
No , I don't .
Yes , I have two cotton of cigarettes one bottle of whisky .
No , this is the medicine for the stomach .
Yes , Sir , go ahead , here you are .
What do you have ?
Can I have apple pie with ice cream ?
I love your home-made apple pie.It ’ s delicious.Can I have another glass of lemonade as well ?
Ok.Would you like a drink too ?
Are you having any dessert ?
We shouldn't have any trouble if the traffic isn't too heavy . Is this your first trip here ?
You haven't seen the sights yet , have you ?
Why don't you visit the Great Wall first ?
Here we are . That will be seven yuan and seventy cents .
Oh , yes , if you like.The large one goes to Washington.The other one I will take with me . All right ?
Oh , thank you . Thank you very much .
My present pay is RIB 3 , 000 yuan each month .
What is important to me is the job and the people who I will be working with , so regarding salary , I leave it to you and I am sure that you will make me a fair offer .
Yes , it is quite satisfactory . I accept it .
To whom should I report ?
What are the benefits ?
I would like to know if there would be any opportunity to work abroad in the future ?
Thank you . Then I think it's time for us to sign a letter of intent .
You can have a bird view of Chilin City from the top of the mountain .
You should . Many Guiliners , especially the old and the young , will climb mountains here in the coming .
... Quick ! Pass me your binoculars . Look at that bird ... I've never seen one of those before . It's indigenous to Guiling , and an endangered species too . This is lucky .
I don't really . I just like wildlife , and you don't get to see too much of it in the city . This place is full of it .
Fine , just get it ! We have been shopping for furniture for five hours ! I ’ m so tired !
Fine ! I am going to go home and drop off this nightstand , coffee table and love seat while you look for the rest of the things .
While you are at it can you pick out a nice recliner ? I really want one so I can watch TV .
May I take your size ?
No problem .
About a week .
20 yuan for a skirt .
Yes , my name is Max Richards . May I please speak to George Nelson ? I have already called several times . It seems I always catch him out of the office .
I'm sorry , I didn't hear you clearly . Could you repeat that please ?
Can I leave a message for him please ?
My name is Max Richards , my phone number is 898-3423 . Could you ask him to call me back as soon as he gets back , please ? I have a rather timely matter to discuss with him .
Yes , please let him know I would like to discuss the Girard case with him .
Which tooth is it ?
Ah , yes . There's big cavity .
I'm afraid not . The tooth is too far gone . It'll have to be taken out .
You'd better wait . The gums are swollen . Take the medicine I prescribe and come back in three days .
I'm very sorry to hear that .
We'll take great care .
Promise you are not going to be angry ?
I forgot .
Ah , ah , you promised , and remember ?
Sure . I don ’ t mind .
I don ’ t see why not .
Go ahead . It ’ s OK with me .
No .
Here , sir , sit down in this wheelchair .
The doctor will be with you in a moment . I just need to ask you a few questions .
Name , age and date of birth , please .
Health insurance company and policy number ?
What ?
Well , this is going to be a very expensive broken leg , Mr . Taylor .
Great , I'm looking for a place right in that area . Your apartment sounds ideal .
I'm pretty social and outgoing , and I like making new friends . But I'm not a party animal , and I like to keep the apartment clean .
Yes . I ’ d like to book a table for Friday evening please .
We ’ ll be eight or nine people . Could we book a private room ?
About 7 thirty .
My name is Jenkins . My phone number is 7539738 2 . that ’ s confirmed then . 7 thirty on Friday .
Oh , we ’ d like the buffet please . We ’ Ve heard it ’ s very good .
How do you do , Ms . Chi ?
Thank you .
Yes , we have . I ’ Ve brought with me a list of the quantity of your products we ’ d like to import for the second half of this year . Here is a copy of it .
I hope so , too . Now I'd like some of your sales literature and a price list for all of your export articles .
Thank you , Ms Chi . What are your normal export terms ?
What commission do you usually pay for your exports ? As you know , we import on commission basis .
All right . When can we meet again for more specific details , Ms Chi ?
I'll be expecting you , then .
Yeah . Complete with nice of you .
Mm , let me see . I think there are 2 in the bedroom , and 1 each in the living room and kitchen .
I call the landlord right now .
Yes , does the renting include utilities ?
How much is the cable ?
Also , are they allowing the apartment ?
I see . Do you love pets ?
Could I speak to Mr Wood , please ?
John eng
Well , I want to discuss with them the new control we said last week .
Yes , that will be easiest .
Yes , It's John eng .
01088256798
thank you for help.good bye .
I'm going to work .
Around 6 o'clock .
We are willing to work with you , but do you think it would be possible to extend your confirmation deadline ? We need to check the warehouse to make sure the products are in stock . The earliest I will be to get back to you is tomorrow morning .
We can do that , but it will cost ... If we have to check our inventory with all our guys on overtime , you're looking at an increased cost of , I'd say , maybe 10 % .
No , and let me tell you why ... If I make my guys stay over to check the inventory , I'll have to pay them at an overtime rate , which is time and a half . I estimate it will probably take 3 guys two hours to finish , that will be an increase on your labor fee by at least 10 % ... if you need the numbers that urgently , I can have them do it . Otherwise , we can wait until tomorrow morning , and I'll call you with the numbers after they're done . It's your call ...
Sure . Let ’ s go . What are you going to have done ?
A foot massage sounds like a great idea . They are very relaxing . I ’ d also like to have mudpack on my face . It ’ s supposed to help with your complexion .
This could become a very expensive trip to the beauty parlor !
Oh , I agree . We both work hard and a little beauty treatment can relieve stress .
What ’ s special about a thai massage ?
Sounds painful !
They are reports of our company .
No , they are filed according to dates .
No problem , here you are .
No , I don't . I don't have a family , so I don't think I need it .
Thank you , but I've never thought about it before .
That's great . Thank you for making this concession . I accept .
Good . Now that the price is decided on , we can discuss the packaging .
Carton ?
Could you use wooden cases instead ?
I'm afraid the cardboard boxes are not strong enough for ocean transportation .
All right . Carton or no carton , the packaging must be waterproof as well as strong enough to stand shock and rough handling .
That's right . As soon as I get home , I'll see about the opening of the letter of credit .
No problem . That can be done . I understand you'll ship the goods before the end of May ?
Yes , we agreed to that . We have great confidence in your inspection institution . Through years of dealing with you , we've convinced of your commercial integrity .
Exactly . That's what we have done in the past .
Can you speed it up and let me have it today ? I'm leaving tomorrow . I've been here for almost a month now , you see . My corporation is urging me to return . I've booked the ticket for tomorrow afternoon's flight at 3 .
That's fine too .
The nearest one is about ten minutes ' walk from here .
just walk down this road and you'll find it . it's on the right side .
Didn't you say you want to buy a top hat ?
I don't like caps at all .
No , it isn't .
Oh , no . This is going in the opposite direction .
I suggest you get off at the next stop and ask again at the station .
Oh . You took the wrong bus . You need to take Bus 151 which goes the opposite direction .
Don't worry . You can get off at the next stop and walk across the street and take the Bus 151 to the opposite direction .
About 15 stops .
My pleasure .
I see a problem .
I noticed that the faucet in the kitchen is leaking .
It ’ s going to be a problem when my water bill comes .
I would like you to fix the problem .
Well , I won ’ t be able to rent the apartment until the problem is fixed .
I ’ m happy that we ’ Ve come to an agreement .
Sorry , sir , here you are .
Please wait a moment , I will bring you one .
They look great ! Hey , are you hungry ? I know a good Ethiopian restaurant-Meskerem .
It's very “ in ” these days . Some of the places are really expensive .
No . Africans and African-Americans are different in many ways . Our food's different , too .
That ’ s true . I got the news yesterday .
Not bad . I ’ m confident . And I like challenges .
Thank you .
Is that so ?
Have you decided ?
Could you tell me why you want to quit ?
Oh , that sounds terrible . Would you be happier with higher pay here ? I " m sure something can be worked out .
OK . I'd like to say that I've really enjoyed working with you . However , I think you should work harder at your new job and then you can ask for higher pay .
Hello . I'm hoping to buy some Treasury Certificates today . Are they available ?
Ah , right . How much do I need to spend ?
How about Bearer Certificates ? Are they different ?
Do you want small bills or large ?
Do you want anything else ?
I ’ m fabulous .
I need to make a withdrawal .
I need $ 300 .
Take it from my checking account .
Thank you so much .
That ’ s it for today .
Of course not .
I'm afraid I don't know how to use your camera .
I see .
But mum , we're watching this movie .
Just 10 more minutes .
Tina , you should have more nutritious food.Don ' t eat these crisps any more .
Have you ever heard the ads say anything bad about their products ?
Yes , I need to buy a computer for this semester . I was told it is cheaper to buy computers here .
I don't know much about computers.But I know I want a desktop computer with a lot of memory . And I need a printer .
Is that a lot ? Sixty-four ?
History .
Thirty percent ?
Wow . That's really good.And you think this is really a good system for a graduate student ?
Hmm . Hey , wait . This has an Apple on it . Is this an Apple computer ?
I don't want Macintosh . I want PC .
What ? Are you serious ?
But nobody uses Macintosh !
Yes , I'm from Taiwan .
But I need a computer that can handle writing in Chinese .
Hmm . I think I should ask some of my friends for advice before I make a decision . I'm sorry .
Well , thanks for your advice . I will probably come back later .
I hope so . I'm not actually a customer here , but I saw an advertisement in yesterday's newspaper about your new bank card .
Yes , please . But I suppose I'll have to open an account with you first , right ?
Could I open an account with you today ?
Yes , here you go . And sign here ?
So quick and easy ! Thanks very much .
Hello . I'm here to talk about my credit card . You see , I'm a corporate card holder and a personal card holder . I've had my personal credit card for ages , but my corporate one is new to me .
Is there anything else ?
And I suppose I can do that anywhere ? I do have to travel a lot for my job and it's such a hassle using cash and collecting all the separate receipts .
In just one document ? That will definitely be a time saver .
Yes . When is the next train to New York City ?
Aren't there any trains before 10 thirty ?
Then one to New York at 10 thirty .
One way .
How much is a soft ?
Then one hard seat , please .
Ms Ling ! It's Mr Gwent , from Montgomery Computers .
Some money has been sent from our Head Office in Berlin . Could you check whether you have received the remittance yet ?
Deutsche Bank . It was 25,000 US dollars .
It costs $ 65 to buy a monthly pass .
There are student passes .
It doesn't cost anything for the pass .
The monthly sticker costs you .
Each month it'll cost $ 24 for a new sticker .
Let me go get it for you .
I can recommend the spare ribs . They are very tasty here .
Ok why don ’ t you order the braised fish then ?
Don ’ t worry . I ’ ll help you eat it .
I'm doing well . How about you ?
So how have you been lately ?
I'm actually in school right now .
I'm attending PCC right now .
It's not bad . There are a lot of people there .
Thanks .
Yes , I am . That's why I make plans before I do anything .
I want to make more contact with extra clients and use my organizational skills in the future .
Oh , yes .
Yes . Thank you .
And ?
All right .
Thank you for your reminding .
I can't wait to see it .
I want to buy some records .
Are there the records of Michael Jackson ?
Oh . it's too late . Maybe I should go to other video stores to have a look .
That sounds like fun . What's the weather going to be like ?
Is it going to be perfect beach weather ?
Good . I hope it doesn't cool off this weekend .
But you know that California weather is really unpredictable .
I really wish the weather would just stay the same .
Yeah , that would make things a lot easier .
I said , " Is there anything I can do ? "
It's no trouble at all . I'll carry this suitcase for you .
I'm considering buying a new car , the old one hasn't been running too well recently , and was wondering what kind of credit you can offer me .
That's great . I'm looking to borrow quite a large sum , though .
That's good news . The car I'm interested in is priced at 120,000 RIB , but I think I can get a bit of discount on that . I can afford to put up around 40,000 RIB myself .
The funds are all ready to go in my personal account , so let's transfer it .
Would you please fill out this registration 1 form ?
Did I ? Let me see that ... Oh , sorry ... here you are .
Come in please .
Sure.How much is it ?
Well , here is the money .
Fine .
Of course . I spent the whole week to know the general process for these plans . And since I was employed , I have been working on them . Madam , how am I doing ? Are you satisfied with my job ?
I suppose so . I tried my best to be familiar with all these appliances and office process . Certainly without my colleagues ' help , I could not do these things in such a short period .
Thanks for your praise , Madam .
Hmm . That's not too bad . Does it have a stopwatch ?
Oh . I see . Where are your digital watches ?
I don't like this kind as much . Never mind the stopwatch then . I'll take that other one . Do you take checks ?
Here you are .
Yeah , the people in the next room are a little loud . Could you do something about it ?
I'm in Room 215 .
I don't know the number , but it's definitely the room that's next to the stairs .
OK , thanks . I really appreciate it .
To the right .
Looks good .
No , thanks .
Thank you .
Yes . I'd like to book a room , please .
March the 23rd .
Three nights .
Er ... double with bath . I'd appreciate it if you could give me a room with a view over the lake .
Fine . How much is the charge per night ?
No , thanks .
That's fine .
Mr and Mrs Ryefield , that's R-Y-E-F-I-E-L-D .
Yes it is . Thank you .
Goodbye .
What day did you have it scheduled for ?
What time was it scheduled for ?
I see your appointment . What day would you like to switch to ?
What time would you like ?
Fine , I will pencil that in right now . We will see you then .
Oh , but I Just want to pick up a package . It won't take long .
Can I park here just for a second ?
We see you are all dressed to the nines .
Yes , this runway is going to sparkle with glamour and style !
And others directly from New York .
Because you're going to love this show !
Yes . I need a tow truck . My car is broken down .
I ’ m on the Highway 401 , close to the Lipton Link .
Black .
AKIM 400 .
Thanks a lot .
Ok I ’ Ve found it . Checking out on the 27th ?
Can I take a credit card for the deposit ?
Certainly madam . Here ’ s your key . Your room is on the 7th floor and on the left . Room 781 . Check out is at 12 noon .
No , I can't . I've really got important business .
OK .
Sure , what ’ s up ?
Okay ... what makes you say that ? I thought you were pleased with his overall performance . Didn ’ t you just tell me last week how impressed you were with his attitude ?
Well , I ’ m sure he had a perfectly good reason ...
Yeah , but come on , Geoff , as if you don ’ t check Facebook at work . Look , you hired this guy , we ’ Ve invested a lot of time and money in his training , so now it ’ s up to you to coach him . Make it work , Geoff !
Can you send a cab to pick me up ?
I'm on the corner of the Fifth and Mane .
Yes , Mary ?
Oh . I'm sorry but I just accepted another offer which I feel is better suited to my needs .
I really appreciate the offer , but I must decline it .
I will , good luck .
OK . I will catch you later .
It is because of the quality .
I told you that we want first-class goods . So the quality , specification and price are clarified in our contract . Do you remember those details ?
The re-examination results indicate that one-third of the goods are not up to standard .
I told you the truth . According to the contract , if you fail to honor the contract , we are entitled to cancel it .
Yes , can I help you ?
What kind of currency have you got ?
One US Dollars in cash is equivalent t0 7.9 Yuan .
Minus the fee . Here are your dollars . Please sign here .
I want to take them to court for arresting me .
There was no reason for them to arrest me .
They released me the next morning .
That ’ s exactly what they did .
They said I matched the description of a robber .
I ’ m definitely taking them to court .
Yes , I want to restate one more time the importance of reinventing our company's image to appeal to different customer bases . I want to end with a true story that has to do exactly with what we've been talking about today ...
I enjoy drawing and painting .
Yes , I do .
I learned back in high school .
Yeah , I loved that art class .
Thank you very much .
I'm sure you have a talent . It's just hidden .
Actually , I don't think I can eat another bite !
Actually , I think we want to pay our bill .
I'd like a coffee please .
What have you got ?
Goodness me ! So many choices ! I think I'll have a cappuccino please .
Hello , this is the Corporate Department of Lincoln Bank calling . We are calling to let you know that some documents have arrived for you at our bank .
They're from Schnitt's of Rudesheim , Germany . Would you like us to check them ?
It's 150 RIB for the service .
Yes , please . I'd like a gin and tonic .
Thank you . How much is it ?
Here's 30 . Keep the change .
There ’ s a problem with my check .
My check for $ 100 bounced .
I thought I did .
Thank you very much .
That can ’ t be right !
All right . Thank you very much .
Yes , I want to have a photo .
Yes . I am ready .
Not very well . I haven ’ t found anything within my price range yet .
I can only afford about 300 pounds a month .
Really ? That ’ s a lot of money to pay for one room .
Do you know of anyone who needs a roommate ?
I ’ d prefer non-smoking roommates , but I guess I ’ ll have to take what I can get !
I can sign a contract up to a year . I don ’ t know where I ’ ll be after that .
I don ’ t have any furniture , so it ’ d be great if it were furnished .
No , I thought that would be included in the rent .
I don't think I can afford that .
That ’ s a good idea . I ’ ll look into finding something like that .
Well , I think you'll like the mangoes .
It's a fruit . It has a big stone in it .
No . You would break all your teeth on it .
The sale price today is $ 1 each .
They usually taste sweet , but they remind me of an orange .
Don't cut into them until you can feel that they're soft on the outside .
They come from tropical countries .
Take me to the center station , please
Do you think you can get me there seven thirty ?
Hope we have good luck .
Thank you very much . Here's 10 $ , keep the change , please .
Hello . I want to buy some RIB , is it OK to use US dollars ?
I think 250 dollars should be sufficient .
Oh , right , of course . Here you go .
It's correct . Is there any way I can change it back before I leave the country ?
That's wonderful news , thanks for all your help .
Yes ?
Sure . There ’ s a lot here in this pamphlet .
Take the subway . It ’ s $ 1.50 per ride . You can buy a metro card at the station .
My pleasure .
No , I don't want to .
Sam , I never like Haunted Houses.When I was a kid , I didn't like them . when I was in high school , I didn't like them.when I was in college , I didn't like them . So why should I like them now ?
Why don't we go to the Epcot Center instead ? They have displays from many cultures around the world .
Yes . That is something I will enjoy .
We still have most of the tickets we bought.We can go on a lot of different rides if you like .
Let's start walking to the Epcot Center then.According to this map , it is up this pathway here .
I am sorry . It's not allowed . You have to wait till the next station .
Can you please slow down ? I am not in a hurry .
Is she coming ?
They are announcing your flight . You'd better board the plane .
I am just reminding you about the time . You don't want to miss the plane , do you ?
Name it and I'll do it for you .
I've got it .
I am just doing what I think I should do .
This isn't like you ... Well , I hope you will have a nice flight and a successful start in business
Yes , sir . What can I do for you ?
Sure . There's network of canals . And there are white walls , black tiles , small bridges , flowing rivers , flagstones roads , blue sky and white clouds . Few places have preserved the past like this place . Walking on the ancient road makes us back to our sense .
Zhouzhuang .
It's about two days .
It's about 300 yuan .
That's all right . May you have a good trip !
My pleasure .
No dogs or cats or any other fur type animal , but other pets are allowed .
Well . . . is that a pet ? Isn't that something from the zoo ?
I was more thinking of nice little fish or frogs or turtles or a pet rock .
I'll tell you what , if your pet can fit in this little box and doesn't have fur , it is welcome here .
Sure . I'll be there as soon as I finish this document .
OK .
I'm sorry to say that we have to let you go , John .
Well , you're working very hard but not efficiently.And you don't work well with other employees .
I'm afraid it's too late . We are downsizing our workforce and you'll have to go .
We can give you the option of residing rather than being fired , because it will look better on your resume when you apply for another job if you resign .
All right , but let me know your decision before the end of the day .
Yes . What can I do for you ?
Oh , it ’ s right downstairs . I ’ m going there myself . Just follow me .
yes . I ’ d like to book a table for Friday evening please .
we ’ ll be eight or nine people . Could we book a private room ?
about 7:30 .
my name is Jenkins . My phone number is 7539738 2 . that ’ s confirmed then . 7:30 on Friday .
oh , we ’ d like the buffet please . We ’ Ve heard it ’ s very good .
Yes . I am calling to make sure if flight CG877 will arrive on time ?
You mean it will arrive two hours later than usual ?
OK , thank you .
We are going to the national park .
The Yellow Rock National Park .
Yeah , the government really takes a bite , doesn ’ t it ?
Yeah , I don ’ t mind it either . We ’ ll both end up rich slobs and not need it , but what if we do , you know ?
Yeah . My grandmother gets by on social security and the money my grandfather invested when he was alive .
Really ? No , they couldn ’ t . None of them would have jobs if they did .
I don ’ t understand . Why do you want a cat ?
No , cats are too dirty . They are lazy and cunning . I don ’ t like them at all .
You can keep the cat , but you should keep it away from me .
Yes , could you tell me if there is a laundry in this hotel ?
Thank you very much .
Where do you think you lost it ? Outside the hotel ?
I'm afraid , ma'am , you have to pay U . S . $ 100 since you lost the key .
I'm afraid no.It is not covered by this insurance .
Okay , let's call it a day .
I've been away in Paris for the last two month.Glad to see you again.How are you doing ?
Yes , I had a wonderful time .
If they wanted to say something about my call last week , why didn ’ t they sand it to me ?
Can I see it for a second ?
Dear Mr . Clark , Further to our telephone call last Friday , I am writing to confirm our meeting on july 21 . As we discusses , our meeting is to review the contract details .
Let ’ s see , ” we would e grateful if you could please send related materials to our office prior to our meeting . ” It looks like ... hey , was there anything else sent along with this letter ?
The letter reads , “ please find enclosed a copy of our agenda for your review . ” I don ’ t see anything else in the envelope ...
What size pan were you thinking of ?
Well , this one might work for you .
Here , lift this aluminum pan . It's the same size .
Here's a similar aluminum pan . But it has a heat-resistant handle .
I knew we'd find the right pan sooner or later . How would you like to pay ?
Oh , no problem . Here's the lid that comes with the pan .
No.My brother is playing football there .
Thank you for your compliments .
Have you thought about it seriously ?
Ok , did you find a new company ?
Good for you , but your leaving will be a great loss to us . It is so nice to work with you .
I don't know exactly . I only hear it's financed by a famous film star .
Yes , so it really doesn't matter who offers the money.The paper itself is profitable .
Sure . Let me just grab my calendar . All right . I ’ m free all day Tuesday and Thursday morning .
Okay . Sounds good . See you then .
Then what about the wire ?
So I know . Thanks .
I'd like to see the menu , please .
Don't you have any Chinese food ?
I got a perfect look at the suspect .
That'll be easy .
Okay .
I see him .
The suspect is number four .
I'm happy to be of assistance .
Well , as I mentioned before , I think I am easy-going . I enjoy working and talking with people and I'm a responsible person .
No . Not at all . I'm quite easy-going .
Oh , I'm very responsible , I can make fast decisions , and I do not need much supervision . I enjoy completing challenging tasks .
Probably routine , dull work . Oh , I am much more enthusiastic if I'm given a challenge and responsibility .
A friendly one . I think an open , friendly , honest relationship should exist . An employee should feel she ( he ) can go to her ( his ) boss anytime with any kind of question .
Well , there's a lot of stress in a Chinese company also , although much of it is below the surface . I have confidence in my ability to handle conflict . If I have a problem with a co-worker , I do everything I can to work it out directly with that person . If I am unable to work it out , then I ask a supervisor to help out . If my boss shouts at me , I try not to take it personally . I try my best to understand the stress he is under . It's kind of like being in a family . Often family members say things in the heat of the moment , but don't mean what they say . A company is like a family , it has good times and bad times .
That's no problem . I know that every company has busy periods . When this happens , I'm ready to put in as much time as necessary to get the job done .
I want to feel that I am making a real contribution to the company , so I would like my boss to trust me with important work .
I'm quite outspoken . I enjoy calling a spade a spade and hate talking in a roundabout way . So I'd call myself outgoing .
Seldom . But I hate someone's frequently being late or lazy .
Hmm . as I mentioned , I can work well under pressure and I enjoy work that challenges me . I think that my English ability is also a strong point .
I think I sometimes try to be over-organized . So I am learning how to let some things go and concentrate on the most important part of my job .
It costs money , dear . What ’ s wrong with the regular television stations ?
Well , you already watch too much TV instead of doing your homework , anyway .
Well , that ’ s true , but you ’ d probably only watch cartoons and action movies .
Well , if everybody jumped off a bridge , would you jump too ?
Get new friends .
Because you ’ d end up spoiled rotten if I wasn ’ t .
Let ’ s see how your grades are this semester , and maybe I ’ ll talk to your father about it .
Yes , I'm off again at the beginning of next week . I need to get some Traveller's Cheques .
Sure . At least if I do get robbed , heaven forbid , I can get my money back using the traveller's cheques insurance . Once , when I was travelling in France , I was pick-pocketed and not only did you replace my Traveller's Cheques for free , you also did it extremely quickly and easily .
No wonder it looks so huge .
Why is it called Autumn Moon over the Calm Lake ?
Very romantic .
Sure ( They get on the boat ) .
You are right . That's the Heart of Lake Pavilion , situated on an islet.It was built in 1552 and is the largest pavilion on the West Lake . Oh , here we are at the Little Yingzhou island . Let's get off the boat . Please watch your steps .
Sure . Let's see it .
What size of prints would you like to have ?
Only four hours .
No problem . May I see your receipt , please ?
That's right . Now try on this one . It's size 41 .
Thank you for your entertaining me .
Excuse me , what business are you looking after in Germany ?
What arts and crafts are you interested in this time ?
Sure , I'll certainly help you do it .
I wasn't kidding before , OK , I'm fine now .
Yes .
What are you saying ? You are acting weird today .
Haha , very funny , but it doesn't make any sense to me .
Seriously , if we will adopt any animals , we'd gotta to talk to Daniel .
Hope so .
This is Jane , I'd like to speak to Mr.Wang , please .
When do you expect him back ?
Yes , thank you . When he gets back , please just let him know that jane called . And i need him to call me back .
Yes , he does . But i give it to you again . 5264453 6
Yes , thank you very much .
Good coming . Are you through with the cleaning ? If not , we'll come back a little later .
It doesn't take much time . I ' m used to tidying up my room myself .
I have a suit that needs cleaning .
One second , please . ( a few seconds later , the receiver comes back and says ) Hello ?
I ’ m sorry . David is out to lunch right now .
Sure . Does he know where to call you ?
Ok , I will .
No problem .
Well , if I were you , I'd go on studying .
If I had chance again , I'd major in English . You're good at language .
You should take their advice . They know what's best for you .
But if you go to university , you'll still have time for fun .
And if you try to find a part-time job , you'll have some money too .
Well . They may ask you to tell them more about your educational background and your working background .
I know , but sometimes interviewers just want to hear you say it . Then you may be asked for your viewpoint on why you feel you are qualified for the job , give them all your qualifications and how you think they will fit the position you are applying for . Questions like what sort of experience do you have and what are your goals ? are closely related to this .
They may want to know how the company will benefit and why they should hire you ?
Hm , they may ask you what kind of salary you have in mind , or simply tell you what the company is offering . I think the latter is more likely for a starting position , especially if you have little experience . And if they are seriously considering hiring you , they will probably want to know when you would be available to start work . And basically , that's about it .
Anytime . Let me know how it works out .
Yes . I find dates to be a lot of fun .
They give me the opportunity to get to know someone better .
Not always . I don't always like the person I'm on the date with .
My date may not be my type .
I didn't realize until after our date that they weren't my type .
Now that I think about it , it really is sometimes .
Excellent . How many would you like ?
You need to fill out this form , please .
That will be no problem , sir .
Very good , sir . Your order will be ready in one week .
No problem , sir . But it will cost you extra .
Yeah ?
You just put quarters in the machines.It ' s easy .
What ?
What do you mean ? These are the washing machines . Those big things over there are the dryers .
No , of course not . You have to put soap in . Did you bring your soap ?
Well , you can buy some from that vending machine over there .
My God ! You really bought a lot . Why do you need so much ?
But you can't use so much.The machine won't be able to rinse the soap out .
What ? Did you say you never washed clothes before ?
In your life ? Are you kidding ? Never ?
I can't believe it . How can that be ? How old are you ?
But how can you live nineteen years without ever washing clothes ?
Yes , my mother washed my clothes too.But when I was twelve , I started to wash clothes myself .
I'm not laughing at you . But let me ask you something ?
How are you going to survive here ? I mean , if you can't do anything for yourself.If you can't cook , if you can't wash clothes , if you can't clean house.How can you live on your own ?
Well , I'll help you learn how to use these machines .
I'm Alice . I guess I'll have to be your mother for today .
Well done !
Thank you . That way , PLS .
An attendant will pass them around after we take off .
No problem . Here are your headphones . Do you want something to drink ?
Come in , please .
In 3 months or so .
Did I ? Well , anyway , you will get your raise when the economy starts picking up .
Yes .
Nah , don't be so fast . We like your work here , but this company is on hard times.and I can't be handing out raises for anyone .
I hear what you're saying , and I wish there were something I could do .
I'm afraid Thera isn't any direct light before Friday . What about a non-direct one ? You have to make a change in Detroit .
Would you like to pay in cash or by card ?
Everything ’ s fine with me .
Is it possible for me to view the apartment today ?
Why can ’ t I view it today ?
I understand . May I make an appointment then ?
Friday at 6 pm . would be perfect .
Thanks for your help .
Oh , Jane . What on earth have you been ? I've called you a thousand times .
But I called your cell phone , and there was no answer .
Do you feel better now ?
No problem . How many are you thinking about ?
If you'll just fill out this form , please .
We can do that very easily .
Great . Your order will take only one week .
We can do that . It'll just cost you extra .
Yeah , I ’ m going to be running the Walker Avenue Branch .
Thanks . I appreciate it .
Yes . This is Janet Smith . I ’ d like to make an appointment with Dr . Mustn as soon as possible .
Yes . I ’ Ve got an infected wound .
That ’ s fine .
I ’ ll bring the card . Thank you very much .
Good idea . Where shall we go ?
Don't you think it is too far ?
What about going to Beijing ?
OK !
Absolutely . Mm , this is really good .
I'd love to .
Yes , Miss Parks ? How may I help you ?
I ’ m very sorry , Miss Parks , but the 9:05 flight is completely booked . I can put you on a waiting list if you would like .
Yes . I would like some information for requesting a loan .
I see . So let me get this straight . If I borrow let ’ s say , ten thousand dollars , how much will I have to pay each month ?
It sounds good but , there is just one problem . I have a terrible credit score .
You know what ? I don ’ t really need the money . Thanks anyways !
Yes . Go straight ahead till you come to the traffic lights , turn left there and it's the first turning on the right .
That's it . It'll take you about five minutes .
Good morning . I have a reservation for a single room with a bath here .
John Bradley .
Yes , can I borrow your pen for a minute please ?
What should I fill in under the room number ?
Here you are . I think I have filled out everything correctly .
Oct 24th .
Ok , I will take good care of it .
Yes , I am ready . Thank you .
I will try .
We are faced with the problem that part of the consignment is unacceptable . We assume that damage occurred during the consignment was in your care .
Why not ?
I would be happy to . Did you find everything you needed ?
The total is 200 dollars . Would you like to put that on Sears card ?
An exporter needs to know the social characteristics of people he is dealing with .
What do they like or dislike . What languages do they speak , what religions do they follow .
Especially he needs to know their behavior , their habits , their way of life and the things they are used to .
I ’ m still shocked that Obama was elected .
He just made history .
Of course I did . Did you ?
I am really excited about this .
Hopefully , he ’ ll change things in our nation .
I trust him .
Sure . We try our best .
Mr.Chen , are you sure you're taking BA - 007 back to Tokyo ?
I'm afraid this flight is all booked up .
I'm afraid so except we have many no-show passengers .
I ’ Ve looked over your resume , ms.Jane . I see you ’ Ve already have quite a lot of experience in secretary work , could you tell me something about your talent with that company ?
En ?
You like that work ?
Why do you want to leave the company ?
Yes , could you put me in the non-smoking section ?
If one's available , please . But not over the wing .
I really missed you a lot .
I don't understand why you haven't come to visit me .
Tell me what you've been up to .
I've been pretty busy myself .
I've just been working a lot .
I'm glad I did too .
I ’ m fine , thank you .
If I could , I would like to view the apartment sometime today .
Why is that ?
I would like to make one right now if I can .
Can we do it at 6 o ’ clock ?
All right . I ’ ll see you on Friday .
Yesterday . I was really sorry to see it end . The skiing was terrific !
Sorry to hear that ! But I would definitely recommend this place !
nothing special . how about you ? Are you used to the life here in the States ?
great !
sounds interesting . Where did you get the idea ?
absolutely . that's because both of us have distinctive cultural features .
yes . this must be a huge difference .
sure . We tend to think that the slower on eats , the more polite one seems .
and we never sip or slurp the soup loudly . we quietly like little mouthfuls .
don't worry . i'm sure our etiquette will become a natural part of your behavior as time goes by .
Did I ?
It ’ s very kind of you to say so . My associate and I will be interested in visiting your factory .
Thank you . I ’ ll give you a call this afternoon to set the time . There ’ s nothing like seeing things with one ’ s own eyes .
How can I help you ?
Will that be all , sir ?
I'll have someone bring that up right away . How would you like to pay for the dinner ?
All right , sir . You should receive your dinner in about ten minutes .
This one is . I have another one that's furnished , but I'm not sure you'll like the furniture .
This building is only four years old . It was built with central air .
And I recently bought an American-style washer and dryer . Come and see .
It was great . I made some friends .
But the lessons this semester are a little bit hard .
C :: I ’ d like to have this roll of film developed .
C :: Four by six will do .
No , I shouldn't think so . But you must take your passport of course .
Yes , you need the traveler's check but you needn't get any foreign currency . You can have my US Dollars , I don't need them .
You needn't buy one . You can have mine .
Don't be silly , John . I'm going with you . It's necessary for me to have a holiday too .
You will visit the Hyde Park , Poet's Corner , Tower of London , Fleet Street and Tower Bridge .
I think you will enjoy your journey .
I'll see what I have got . What's it for ?
I can let you have some silvers if that is good .
Honestly , the flexible hours were the main attraction for me . The traditional working day doesn't fit in with me lifestyle ; I love being able to tailor my working hours .
At first it is going to be difficult . During the first three months , I'm on probation . So I won't get sales commissions until after that .
Yes , I'm looking forward to that ! I just hope my first performance review is favorable .
Great ! Then I suppose I'm looking forward to my first promotion , too .
Yes , you can . Please put your articles in this envelope and seal it .
How long would you like us to keep it ?
All right , ma'am .
Yes . I have friends even though I am a man of few words . Just like the old saying goes , " Actions speak louder than words " . I am a hard-working silent person .
Teamwork is ok to me , and I hope the team will be complementary in personality .
Sure . It's the third office down this hall . Are you looking for Bob ?
I'm sorry , but he's not in the office now . Do you have an appointment ?
Yes . What time did he expect you ?
I see . He's usually here on Tuesday mornings ...
I know . He's usually here , but today he went out to a site on the east side .
Why don't you make an appointment for later in the week ?
He's here on Tuesdays , Wednesdays and Fridays . What day did you want to see him ?
Morning or afternoon ?
I can put you down for ten o'clock . Is that alright ?
Alright . I have you down for ten AM this Friday .
You are welcome .
Come on , John . This is my favorite show .
If you don't mind , let's make it a little later.What about three or four ?
All right .
How long would I wait ?
Thank you . I hope to hear from you as soon as possible .
OK , good-bye .
For a local paper in York called the York Herald . Actually , I started with them as an intern in the beginning . I was really keen on getting some experience in the journalistic world , and this seemed like a good first step .
They seemed impressed , and offered me a position as a junior local news reporter . I ended up staying two years there actually . I was in charge of the sports news section of the newspaper . I really enjoyed it there , and it really helped me build my skills .
Yes , that ’ s right . My husband and I moved to London , and so I managed to find a position with a National newspaper based in London .
Yes , in some ways it was a step down from my previous job but it did offer me much better prospects for the future .
Certainly , Miss Parker , Let me get my book . My secretary ’ s out and I can ’ t keep anything straight !
No – That ’ s all right . How about the 30th at 4:00 p . m . ? – Is an hour enough ?
What is the problem ?
It is ok . You look really pale and red eyes . I suggest you go home immediately and have a good rest .
Sure . Where should I put this cup ?
The red one .
How about this fruit ?
And those pencils ? What should I do with them ?
How about this pen ?
What do you want me to do with that paper over there ?
The trash is full .
OK . Now what ?
Sure .
Good morning . I ’ d like to book a room for Friday night and Saturday night .
A single room please . I hope you ’ re not fully booked .
Jones . According to your website , the nightly rate is $ 50 , including breakfast .
Thank you very much . I look forward to seeing you on Friday .
That ’ s fine . My credit card number is ...
By all means . (= Of course . )
Which subway should I take to get to the East Side ?
Which train is that ? Which platform does it leave from ?
Is there a problem ?
What are you talking about ?
I can show you how to use it .
You need to push your card into the machine .
Enter your PIN .
Every option you can choose will appear on the screen . That ’ s about it .
Why , Christine ? I think the one we have is fine .
Well , I ’ ll think about it . I don ’ t know whether accounting is going to agree to such a big purchase .
It looks great .
Will this be cash or charge ?
Just sign here , please .
Here's your receipt . Have a nice day .
I ’ m making a shopping-list , Tom .
We need a lot of things this week . I must go to the grocer's . We haven't got much tea or coffee , and we haven't got any sugar or jam .
I must go to the greengrocer's . We haven ; t got many tomatoes , but we've got a lot of potatoes . I must go to the butcher's , too . We need some meat . We haven't got any meat at all .
No , we haven't . And I'm not going to get any !
I haven't got much .
I'm not exactly sure if it's your department , but I'd like to ask some questions about qualifying for Comprehensive Credit Granting .
How long a period will you look at to determine this ?
That sounds simple enough . It's Friday today , I'll be back on Monday morning , first thing , with all of the relevant data . See you then , and enjoy your weekend .
How should I get their contact info .
Where should I put them up ?
The clients like the Shangri-La Hotel more .
What else would I prepare , Sir ?
Certainly .
Of course . I'm on it
Checking out time is twelve . Guests will avoid an additional days room charge by checking out on time .
We won't charge any extra if you'd vacate the room by two o'clock .
Yes . We can put it in our storage room .
There will be no charge on baggage left by guests who have checked out .
Here are all the wallets with various designs . How about this one ? It is quite fashionable .
Of course .
This one is much better , but it is also much more expensive .
Two hundred and thirty-five yuan .
Thank you . I was operated on for gastric ulcer .
Yes . I hope so .
This is Denise , Mr . Bruce ’ s Secretary . I was calling to confirm his meeting tomorrow with Mr . Dome at 4 o ’ clock .
Is your address still 1150 Lake Road ?
Ok . Thank you .
To be honest , I was just dumped .
No , thanks . I'm not in the mood for traveling .
I was planning on doing a lot of wallowing .
Where is that ?
What's there to see ?
Oh , sounds nice .
Ok . Then I can make up my mind .
I would like to return an item .
I want to return this cellphone .
It's broken .
The phone turns off by itself .
Yes , here it is .
Thank you so much .
We're going over to Mrs . Smith's place to help her with her yard work .
It will be fun . And besides , you'll be in the best company .
You could get the rakes and some shovels together and I'll put them in the car .
Yes and maybe a jacket in case it gets cool .
I know , Mr . Douglas . But I am really sick .
I understand , sir . I ’ ll bring a doctor ’ s note in tomorrow . I am sorry , Mr . Douglas .
I'm so sorry . Kindly tell me what the problem is , sir .
Perhaps you could look again , sir , to double-check .
Mr . Sandals , I've worked here five years without seeing one cockroach .
You're right , sir . Please let me transfer you to my supervisor
Thanks .
My sister did it . When did you get yours cut ?
Well , it looks very nice .
It was hard work .
It took three of us to move it .
My pleasure . How do you want me to do it ?
Ready ? Say cheese .
Well , that depends . Tell me where you want to go ?
That's interesting to travel by boat to see the whole city that is between the sea and sky . But personally I like Greek better .
Needless to say , it must be Indian Yoga .
Tracing back , Yoga has a very long history . It was originated before India had approved Yoga and these documents were arranged and written according to the contents passed by mouth to mouth . In other words , Yoga is passed down from ancient times , which cannot be recalled .
Let me see ... I am sorry the tables you want are booked .
No problem , sir . Let me help you .
I know , I should wash them right away .
Sure . Show me your receipt , please .
Wait a moment . Here is $ 10 you paid for duties .
I'd like to buy some perfume for my girlfriend .
She usually doesn't wear anything but a few drops of Chanel No . 5 . But I'd like to buy her a new Fragrance .
Which one would you recommend ?
That smells great . I'll take one bottle , please .
It's OK . She normally just wears a little foundation and some loose powder , and I don't know what shade to buy .
She doesn't usually wear lipstick . She thinks it makes her nose look too big .
No , thank you . She has big enough eyes as it is .
No thanks . Western women usually try to make their skin darker , not lighter .
That will be all . You've been very helpful , thanks .
Getting worse . Now he ’ s eating me out of house and home . I ’ Ve tried talking to him but it all goes in one ear and out the other . He makes himself at home , which is fine . But what really gets me is that yesterday he walked into the living room in the raw and I had company over ! That was the last straw .
You ’ re right . Everything is probably going to come to a head tonight . I ’ ll keep you informed .
Yes . The light in this room is too dim . Please get me a brighter one .
Oh , no . Go ahead .
It's much better now . Thank you .
Ah , yes , the room is too cold for me . I feel rather cold when I sleep . Can you turn off the air-conditioning ?
Maybe I'm getting a cold .
OK . And would you please get me some hot water , too ? I think I need to take some medicine .
No , thanks .
Yes , I would like to return these slacks .
Yes . Here it is . I bought them last week .
I bought them to go with a blouse of mine . But they don't really match .
Yes , they were thirty percent off .
I know many stores have that policy . But I have returned sale items here before .
I just bought these slacks a week ago . And I am a regular customer here.Can you make an exception this time ?
Good . I'm a regular customer here . I am glad you can make an exception for me .
Here it is .
Store credit is okay with me . I'm sure I will find something I like . I shop here a lot .
it certainly was a great party . It ’ s a pity that a glass and a plate got broken and someone spilled a drink over here .
I doubt it , I ‘ ll deal with it right away . Luckily it wasn ’ t a glass of red wine , I ’ ll just get a bowl of water and a cloth .
afterwards , we can do the washing up together . Everything will be finished within an hour . Your friend Keith is really funny . I liked his magic tricks .
Amanda told some very funny jokes . At the beginning of the party , she was being ver serious .
what did you put in that punch ? It tasted great , but was quite strong .
very much . The birthday cake was delicious , wasn ’ t it ? Emily told me that she and karen made it themselves .
all cleaned up . Are you ready to start on the washing up .
Well , I got $ 3,000 per month .
Yes , I think so . That would be more than I have wished .
What about early next week ?
Yes , sir .
We work in teams . There are about four to six people in each team . I'm training to be a team leader . Each team member is responsible for the quality of the goods we produce . We are multi-skilled so we can rotate jobs . I like that . It stops the work getting boring .
Well . I am afraid you have made a mistake . It's not the dish I ordered .
It doesn't matter .
Well , it's a bit overweight . You must pay extra for it .
We demand a surcharge of 80 cents for it .
You haven't told me anything yet .
Is that right ?
Congratulations on your promotion .
I am really excited for you .
I'm serious . You deserved this promotion .
Yes , I do .
Have you got anything cheaper ?
May I try it on ?
All right . I think I'll take it .
Yes , you are supposed to meet the president at ten fifteen this morning . Then , you have a lunch appointment with Mr . Clark . And this afternoon at three you are scheduled to speak before a group of seminar participants .
Certainly .
Sure .
You mean the seventy seventh ? It's not far from here . You can walk there .
Bus No . 12 .
Grand Central Station , please . I want to catch a 6 p . m . train .
Here is the Grand Central Station .
The meter reads 9.15 dollars .
Thank you .
Yes . Here it is .
I'm going to visit some relatives here for several months .
The only things I brought were some cloths and my notebook computer .
No , Sir , I did not .
I wasn't feeling really well .
My stomach was upset .
I don't really feel too well yet .
No , thanks . I already took some medicine .
Thank you .
Yes . I could use a cup of coffee .
French toast sounds good . What are you going to order ?
Yes , sir . How may I be of service ?
Certainly . The customer is always right , we are here to serve you . Is there a reason that you would like to return it ? Did you have problems with our product or services ?
Would you be interested in an exchange as opposed to a refund ? I think I can help you to find the appropriate size .
Sure , no problem . Do you happen to have the receipt ?
Ok , just a moment , please . Here you are , I need you to sign here , please . And here is your refund . Is there anything else I can help you with ?
You're welcome . Have a nice day !
Of course . We both experienced a good cooperation .
Do you have a sales slip ?
Sorry , things on sale are not allowed to be refunded or exchanged .
All right . Wait a minute .
I'm going to have to say that Superbad is the best movie ever .
Well , Superbad is super funny .
I didn't know that you saw Superbad before .
I couldn't keep from laughing throughout the whole movie .
That's exactly how I felt .
I would love to .
May I have the key for Room 358 , please ?
Thank you . Is there any mail for me ?
Our reservation is under the name of Foster at 7:00 for four people .
We would like to begin with a cocktail while we are waiting . Would you tell the hostess to please come and let us know when our table is ready ?
The patio tables look really nice . Could we be seated there , please ?
Thanks ! We'll sit out there then . We will just order our drinks out there .
Yes , why don't you bring us a bottle of the house Chablis with four glasses to start with ?
We appreciate your help .
I don't think that will do . How about the one at your back ?
No , the other one ... yes .
It do look beautiful . Well . I think I'll take it.Now do you have any racket covers ?
How much does it come up to ?
Do you accept credit cards ?
Two cars forward .
7:00 , sir .
I had no idea when I volunteered to assist governor Brown with this campaign what I was getting myself into .
How Ay years have you been working with him ?
It's easier doing this kind hard work when I know that I trust the man behind the posters .
He would be good .
Yes . speaking . Is there anything I can do for you ?
What do I need to take with me ?
I'll give you the boxes . You can then go to our gift-wrapping department .
It's on the first floor , to the right of the main entrance .
Have a nice holiday !
A really dreadful accident and many people were killed .
Yeah , well , I fill you in one the details later .
Yes , will you keep our bags until 6 p . m . ?
Yes , we checked out just now .
Is this all right ?
Thanks a lot .
I want my hair cut .
I'm not sure . What do you suggest ?
I don't like it . It's outdated .
It seems a little too wild .
I want a haircut just like that kind .
Not so delicious as before , but it's fine . The soup is tasty but the meat is a little tough .
Sure . We've helped more than ten thousand people buy and sell houses . We're the No . 1 realtor in this community . I recommend this house ( He points at a picture ) .
On a hill to the east of the Tarsus river . You have a good view of the beautiful sunrise and sunset . You can't find a better home to live in .
Eight rooms , a roomy kitchen , two modem bathrooms , a lovely dining room , a gorgeous living room and three sweet bedrooms . All are built with first-rate materials .
6 million . You needn't pay the whole price at one time . You just pay 50 % in cash . We'll process the legal documents for you and then you can borrow the other 50 % from a bank and repay it in installments . We ask for only 1 % as commission .
Ten thousand .
At 10:30 .
Yes , it is .
Single or return ?
10 pounds .
It's platform 5 .
You are welcome .
That's great . You need to prepare for it .
Buy an expensive suit .
Yeah , fine . And dressing leather shoes .
That means they have tapered legs .
Mine are , too .
Yeah . Let's just lounge around !
Good morning . This is Dan . Could I speak to Nova ?
Really ? When will she come back ?
Well , the reason why I am calling is to tell her that our appointment in next month will have to be postponed . And the exact time for this meeting will be discussed after she comes back .
The file for the meeting needs to be retyped and please send it to us as soon as possible .
Sure . What's up ?
Oh , this's easy . You can take the subway to 34 street . You'll see it as you get out .
I don't care .
Yes , I'm calling from Tenga Company . I'd like to know if you have rooms available for the nights from October 8 to October 12 . We are going to have a business conference .
20 persons .
Double rooms with twin beds .
Thank you . Is there a special rate for a group reservation ?
That is fine .
Are you aware that you ran through that stop sign ?
How could you not notice it ?
You know.You ' re right . The bushes are covering the sign .
Now that I think about it , I can see how you missed it .
I'll let you off with a warning .
Don't worry about it . I need to have something done about those bushes .
I need to know about the fees .
I ’ m asking about overdraft fees .
What ’ s the fee ?
How is that a small fee ?
I ’ ll say .
I don ’ t need to know anything else . Thank you .
Yes , but now we are fresh out of staff quarters .
The company will assign you housing subsidies at 400 yuan a month .
Yes , please . I'm looking for a sofa .
May it be used as a sofa in the day and a bed during the night ?
OK , sir . When will you be there ?
No problem , sir .
You need to make posters ?
I see . Then let's make a shoppinglIist first before we go there.othe rise , It may take us a whole day to search for the things you need .
Wow , it is like a maze , I think I might get lost soon .
Oh , yes . You are so smart . I see them . So I have to go to shelf number 3 first to get my markers , color pencils and highlighters and somebrushes .
It's at the back . I think you are near-sighted . You had better get yourself a pair of nice glasses .
Why is that ?
And the downstairs neighbors ?
Sounds ideal . We'll get back to you in a couple of days then .
Well , as per capital income goes up and up , the growth sector seems to be in the high-end .
Yes . Things certainly have changed since I was a boy . We've developed very quickly .
I don't see why not . We do have some problems , but we are still willing to work hard and wages aren't too high at this point .
I usee I would say that would be moving out of my parents ’ house for the first time .
Till I moved out of my parents ’ home , I became a lot more independent .
That would definitely be getting a divorce .
We just weren't right for each other .
The marriage only lasted about a year .
Yes , I got married to a man that I met shortly after I divorced my first husband .
Oh I hope not , my first marriage was a mistake , but this one isn ’ t .
About 15 years now .
I think so , hopefully we ’ ll have a long and a happy life together .
Sure , here you are . It comes to $ 84 .
No . sir , we charge separately .
Everything about them was different , even the theaters .
Well , where I grew up , we saw movies at a drive-in theater in our car with the whole family .
We did . On hot days , we'd take a blanket and lay in the back of dad's old pickup to watch the movie .
Well , the weather might have some influence , during bad weather the theater didn't make a whole lot .
Do you have any blue shirts ?
I'm not familiar with American size .
It's pretty . May I try it on ?
Thank you .
Yes . One more is needed .
But do you have any experience like that ?
OK.Then I want to ask you some questions about the tourist guide.If there wasn accident , for example a tourist falls ill , what would you do ?
If one of them forgot a camera in a restaurant , would you let the tourist bus go back ?
Well , it seems that you have all the practical experience to handle these cases . I am very glad to welcome you into our company .
I am so excited to be voting .
I am so impressed with the candidate I ’ m going to vote for .
I feel that he is very intelligent .
Yes , and I agree with all his policies .
I think this man is going to be the next President .
I ’ m going to make sure and get my vote in .
Of course .
Yes , I am looking for a skirt . What's in fashion now ?
Well . Could I try it on ?
( A moment later ) It's cute.The color suits my complexion .
I'm afraid not . He has a meeting tomorrow morning .
No , that's not good either . But give me your phone number and I'll call you if somebody cancels .
Let me see . Roll up your sleeve , please . Um ... it's swollen and red here . I'm afraid we'll need to take an X-ray to see if it's broken .
Then we'll put you in a cast .
Well , we apply tape and plaster to from a solid enclosure to protect the bones from moving . In this way they will heal properly . Take it easy . It won't hurt you . Let me see . The X-ray picture indicates that your humerus is broken in two places . And you'll have to wear the cast for three weeks . You'll need to come back in two weeks , so I can have another look .
Thank you . I ’ Ve worked pretty hard to be able to list those accomplishments .
To be honest , I don ’ t plan in that much detail . My goals tend to be general ; I define success according to the job at hand . I see myself advancing as I succeed , but I don ’ t necessarily dwell on
That depends a bit on the problem at hand . There are certain situations in which a manager can give a general directive , and expect his employees to know how to take the initiative on the detail
I see myself as an encourager . Of course , sales can be quite competitive and sometimes people in this field have a secret desire for others to fail . In my last job , each representative handled
No , sir . The plant expansion project has been delayed.There was a snag up in the fling process to get the necessary construction permits.It seems that the property we were slated to build on is also habitat for some endangered indigenous species .
The environmental review board has a team on it now.Hopefully we'll know more by the end of the week .
Good idea . We could meet on Monday or Tuesday . Which day would you prefer ?
OK . Do you think we should meet in the morning or in the afternoon ?
That will work out . I will e-mail the exact time tomorrow . I need you to bring your plans with you .
Should we invite the whole committee or should we just have the sub-committee there ?
Yes , I agree . We'll make sure that they get notified . Can you find the meeting place ?
Great ! We will send you all the details later . Looking forward to meeting with you !
I've gotten a few parking tickets before .
Only about five or six .
Yes , I paid my fines .
If I remember correctly , it's about $ 130 .
I got one the other day .
I may just go to the DMV today , so I can pay the fine .
Yes , here you are .
I'm the general manager of the Far-East Industry Corporation .
Yes , I have been invited by the East Import & Export Corporation of China for business talks .
Yes , I have some foreign currency to declare .
All right .
Good evening . My wife and I would like a room , please . Is there any room available ? We don't have a reservation .
Good . We're tired after driving all day , and we're looking forward to relaxing in a comfortable room .
How much is it for one night ? We only need it for tonight . We're going to continue our trip in the morning .
No , it's just the two of us .
Credit card . We don't like to carry much cash with us on our trips .
Thank you very much .
I want a chemise .
Could I try it on ?
Well . It's not my taste . Would you please bring me a short sleeve ?
Yes , May I help you ?
we are very sorry to cause you a lot of inconvenience .
We're rather busy right now . It will take another 15minutes
I'm afraid it will take 15 minutes at most .
Do you want the large size , or the small size ?
Yes , we do . I don't have any small pads . I only have large ones . Do you want a pad ?
A bottle of glue .
I only have small boxes . Do you want one ?
Is that all ?
What else do you want ?
Do you remember when and where you last saw it ?
Could you please tell me your passport number ?
And what is the expiration date on your passport ?
I see . Please fill out this form . And you need to contact your embassy or consulate to report it as soon as possible .
I'm very delighted too . I'm sure that we'll have a wider range of cooperation . So , let's drink to the signing of our contract .
Cheers .
Better take the subway . It's far quicker and more convenient .
We have a rather comprehensive subway system here . You can get almost anywhere rather quickly on a subway , especially at this time of day when the traffic is heavy .
Just give the man sitting there three yuan and he'll give you a ticket .
No , you don't have to . Here comes the train . Be careful ! Subway doors open and close automatically .
I'd like to choose one game for myself and one for my younger sister .
Big games of course .
Type ? I don't know , what do you have ?
Well , I am a beginner . I ...
I like first person shooting and action more than other types of games .
Oh , thanks a lot . Then , I will take the two .
I will have the latest editions .
No , thanks . I've really got to go now .
You , too .
Let me see . Yes , we still have four left .
How long would you stay ?
Yes , please . What's special today ? Any special recommendations ?
The name sounds fascinating . What is it exactly ?
Sorry , I'm not interested in vinegar .
OK . I'll have that .
Thank you . That's enough .
Thanks .
Yes , I need a wake-up call tomorrow at seven thirty .
Room 1019 .
If I hear " Love Me Tender " one more time , I think I'm going to go crazy !
Can we adjust the pitch a little ? Maybe he'll sound better in a higher key .
Hey ! Where are you going ... ?
Fine . How many people are there in your party ?
$ 200 for double .
I am afraid not . Right now it's the tour season .
Can you repair my shoes ?
Really ? Look at the toe of this shoe . It is worn out .
Can you do it ?
I scheduled a delivery for tomorrow .
I would like to reschedule .
Can I have it delivered the day after tomorrow ?
Yes , will that be possible ?
Is 2:30 Okay ?
Thank you , and I'm sorry for the change of plans .
Okay , come right this way .
What bills are included in the rent ?
Well , I guess for $ 400 a month I shouldn't expect an all bills paid apartment .
Oh , I'm terribly sorry . but I couldn't find the yoghurt I saw here last time .
San Yuan .
I'm not used to other brands .
OK . I hope so .
No , I ’ d like to know something about contact lenses .
I have found I ’ m short-sighted recently . I need to wear glasses . As a student , it ’ s better for me to wear ordinary glasses instead of contact lenses .
I think the square-shaped ones will be the best for me .
They fit me very well . I like them .
Go to gate 18 . The plane is now boarding . You must hurry .
Instead of walking , you can take this shuttle to get you there faster .
No , I ’ ll call the attendants at the gate . I will tell them you ’ re on your way .
You are welcome . Have a safe trip .
I will . Will you be voting ?
You don ’ t know that ?
It ’ s this Tuesday .
Why would I joke ?
You should ’ Ve known already .
As long as you go vote , that ’ s all that matters .
Hello , I would like to make a reservation for four nights next week , from Tuesday to Friday .
Single room with a bath room , please . I would like a room with a view of the whole city .
What's the rate , please ?
Does that include breakfast ? Can I make calls on outside line ?
OK , that's fine . Could you hold it for me ?
Of course . Please sit down . How can I help you ?
I see . Here ’ s a pamphlet about our home insurance policy . We ’ Ve named our policy ” umbrella ” . May I ask how much you paid for your home and where you live ? These are the two main thing that decide how much your premiums are .
Let me just check that on my computer . Oakfield is a low risk area , so your premiums will probably be around $ 100 a month . The other thing to take into account is deductibles .
It means That the first $ 2000 of any claim you make must be paid by you . The insurance policy covers any amount above that , up to the agreed limit .
If you have higher deductibles , your premium are lower , because you will pay more of the claim and we will pay less .
We initially sign one-year policies with our policyholders . These are renewable after the first year .
That is of great concern to out clients . We aim to satisfy all claims within a month , but we can ’ t guarantee that
I am dead tired and I can't walk any further .
Why don't we stop and have a rest here ?
She ’ s not at her desk at the moment . Is there any message I can give her ?
Ok . I ’ ll let her know as soon as possible .
It's hard to say ! But it seems that a lot of wars nowadays are civil wars . People from different ethnic groups in the same country sometimes fight for power in that country .
How do you think they could be ended ?
I think one better way to stop it is to cut off their financial support .
Yes , but it's quite a ways .
This bus doesn't take you directly there . You'd have to change buses twice . I suggest you walk . It'll take you less than 20 minutes .
Go straight ahead through the intersection .
Keep walking till you pass the square , then turn right . Walk past two lights and turn left at the third .
Keep walking and look for a tall building .
The right side . ICCC should be on the first floor .
You're welcome .
I go to the personnel market every day , and put a lot of energy into it .
On the Internet ? I have never tried that way .
So how to apply for a job on the Internet ?
But how can I know which employer is hiring ?
Will the employers see my information ?
Is it safe to job hunt on the Internet ?
I will give it a try at once .
I can't help it .
It's a bit of a problem situation , actually ... you see , our company has a Corporate Account with you , but unfortunately , we've been experiencing cash flow problems recently .
We are going to need a loan . I'm not sure what loan is suitable for us , though .
That seems like a good idea , it's for wages , you see .
Sure . Kind acknowledgments can show one's good attainment .
Actually , that's not true . Acknowledgments can help you leave a good impression on others , especially in the public places .
In the beginning of the interview , it is best that you make acknowledgments for the opportunity of the interview .
Make acknowledgments as well when the interviewer thinks highly of your dressing , experience , or words .
Acknowledgments can also help the job-hunters to show their good attainment .
Smiles and kind attitudes are the basics of acknowledgments .
Would you have my baggage sent up , please ?
Thank you very much . This is for your help .
Have you taken your driving test yet ?
Okay , first I'm going to need you to fill out the paperwork .
You'll have to make an appointment for that .
How does Friday sound ?
What time would you like to take the test ?
Eleven o'clock on Friday morning . See you then .
Yes , can I see a few T-shirts , Please ?
I'm not very particular about the design.But I want something of good quality .
Cloudy in the morning , overcast in the afternoon .
No , but I wouldn't be surprised if it rained tomorrow .
I thought you were supposed to put them in some kind of burner with a candle ...
So what's your illness ... shopping fever , sale-itis ?
What's tomorrow ?
What a surprise ! Thanks.It ' s beautiful .
This is the best card I ever received .
Nothing , son . I'm already very happy .
Actually . I prefer we eat at home.We ' ll have more time to catch up that way .
Oh , don't mention it . I'm proud of you !
Hello , yes , I ’ d like to open a bank account .
What features do they offer ?
I see , well , I think I ’ m more interested in a chequing account . I like to have easy access to my money .
No , that won ’ t be necessary .
Yes , I ’ d like to deposit one billion dollars .
Mike , this is Leo in Sales . I was just calling to confirm our meeting tomorrow.Are we still on ?
OK . See you at your office at 2:30 .
I've got them .
Ok , every one asks their parents let them stay out until 2 or 3 in the morning .
That ’ s absurd . I know some junior high kids who can stay out later than that .
Ok , how about midnight curfew . and I'll let you know where I am .
My daughter . She is missing . I don ’ t know where she is .
She has blond hair and blue eyes .
She has a yellow dress on and red sneakers .
I just saw her down the street . I don ’ t know where she is . I don ’ t know ...
Oh , it ’ s been uh ... fifteen minutes .
Are you working fewer hours than you used to work ?
You usually qualify if you got laid off or are working a lot fewer hours .
Most jobs provide unemployment , but some don ’ t .
You can call your unemployment office , and they can check for you .
There is a formula to determine the amount based on how much you earned . They will let you know when you file your claim .
Oh , very beautiful . Thank you , Steven , I like it very much .
My birthday present ? I can't help telling you that I am a happy woman , darling . I will come back soon . ( Go to her bedroom and wear the new dress , then show it to Steven . )
It displays your slender figure , darling .
Because you are my dear wife .
I am studying at Beijing University . I major in Civil Law .
Because Beijing University is the best university in China and I'm sure I am one of the best students .
I have learned many courses , such as Civil Law , Economic Law , Commercial Law and Administration Law .
Civil Law . Because it is broad and profound , and furthermore , it best reflects the spirits of fairness and equality .
Psychology .
Why ?
I'm very sorry for that , but I sent you several messages to explain , my mom was seriously ill , and I had to look afer her .
That girl was my cousin .
I didn't take my cellphone with me at that time .
I know you don't hear me right know , please calm down . Anyway , I don't wanna part . I'll drop by tomorrow .
Hello . Yes , I've just read your leaflet about the new MoneyLink Card . I was wondering how I go about applying for one .
That does sound good . I'm already an account holder , have been for many years . And I already have your existing card .
Perhaps your letter is already in the mail ! So , I can just upgrade automatically ?
Certainly ...
Wonderful ! And , you mentioned ' perks ' ? I do hope I'll be getting some of those .
Sure . Here you are .
I suppose so . Hair cut , please .
I ’ d just like to trim . Don ’ t cut too short .
I think they need a little trimming .
No , don ’ t use them , please .
Would you trim off a bit there , about the ear .
oh , yes . That would be better .
No , not that much . And yes , that ’ fine .
Yes .
You're right . I think it's going to rain later .
That wouldn't seem right .
Exactly , it wouldn't be nice if it started raining . It's too hot .
I wish it would cool off one day .
I enjoy the winter , but it gets really cold sometimes .
That's exactly how I feel .
I thought that I already told you that I am going with Mark to Alaska .
You know what ? You and I had no plans , so I made plans with Mark . What's the problem ?
I don't think that I ever heard of that rule before . Any more rules that you would like to tell me about ?
I am really looking forward to getting away from you . Far away from you !
Well ... I'm pretty busy . but ... all right . come in . What can I do for you ?
Not at all . Take a seat . Now , what can I do for you ?
Yes , but why should you want to do that ?
Not at all . Go ahead .
Yes . I'd delighted if you did .
SW113 leaves at 13:25 . Would you want one ?
$ 88 for a single ticket .
Yes . From October lst we have to charge every passenger $ 5 for the airport tax .
If you don't mind , I'd rather you didn't . I have a cold and feel chilly .
I'd appreciate it if you would .
No .
Of course not.There are so many people here today .
Yes .
Sure .
It sounds like you're from out of town .
I'm sure you'll like Fisherman's Wharf . It's a popular tourist spot . Be sure to try the seafood there .
Please forgive me just being frankly , madam . You don't need whitening products because you look pretty white . But you have freckles on your face .
I recommend Nisei products . This brand has a face cream which is effective on fading freckles .
419 yuan .
I'm afraid there isn't .
We mostly handle office furniture . We supply first-class furniture . Here are our catalogue and the pattern books . You can see the material is superior and with all the latest styles . Can you give me some idea about what you're looking for ?
The price varies somewhat according to the size of your order . Would you tell us the quantity you want so that we can work out an offer ?
It's our pleasure to do business with you . We'll let you have the offer next Wednesday at the latest .
Yeah , should we get out and help ?
Looks like the one guy lost control in all this rain , and the other one hit him .
These accidents always cause traffic jams on rainy days .
Ah , well . Put on the news . I got up late and missed it .
Oh , is it ? Let me check .
I'm sorry to say that this room service charge is yours .
Do you have any evidence ?
They are in aisle 5 .
I'm sorry.My car's taken .
Not far away.It ' s over there .
Yes , I want to book a plane ticket from Beijing to Shanghai .
The day after tomorrow .
I'd prefer a morning flight .
Book it for me , please . How much should I pay ?
Credit card .
Thank you .
Yes , well Miss Childs did give mean overview of the position over the phone , but there were some details I ’ d like to clarify .
Could I first ask about the remuneration package ?
I understand . And are there other bonuses included ?
Well , Mr . Parsons , I am flexible when it comes to salary . The opportunity to work in Hong Kong for you is the most important thing for me .
Indeed , it is .
It's really a surprise .
I ’ m fine . Thank you .
I need to make a deposit .
I will be depositing cash .
It ’ s going to be $ 300 .
Could you deposit that into my checking account , please ?
That ’ ll be all . Thank you very much .
Excuse me , Miss.What did the announcement say ?
No kidding ! We'll miss the connecting flight .
I really have to get to Paris by this evening.Would you please try to find any other available flight ?
Thanks for coming over to help . I really appreciate it.First , could you peel the vegetables ? I ’ Ve put them all in the sink and there is a peeler .
After you ’ Ve chopped the vegetables , could you fry the meat in a little oil ? Just use a very small amount of oil.Fry the meat until it is cooked , then we will add some spices to flavor it .
These ones here.The one on the left is very spicy , so we must be careful about how much we add .
Cook it over a high flame , so that it will be ready quickly.Keep stirring the meat around the frying pan.Don ’ t let the meat stick to the bottom of the pan .
I ’ m mixing the sauce.It ’ s my speciality . I make it according to my own secret recipe .
Yes , it does , sir .
First connect your laptop to the cable in the desk . Then open up your web browser .
You can buy credit on the hotel website or at the business centre .
Please , call me Ted .
That ’ s no problem .
Well , what kind of salary do you provide ?
I see .
Sounds fine .
Hello . I'd like to reconfirm my flight , please .
My name is Daniel Adams and my flight number is 374 .
On May 11th .
Buenos Aires .
Thank you . Can I pick up my ticket when I check in ?
I need some info on car loans . Such as payment periods , interest rates , things like that , please .
Yes , I do . I have a Current Account , a credit card and a mortgage with you already .
I plan to repay it within 2 years . And the interest ?
So the rate is variable ? OK , that's fine . How about the frequency of repayment ?
That's nice and easy . Thanks for your time .
Sure ... what's up ?
Sure ...
Well , Vincent has only been CEO for a couple of years and ... well ... um ...
Really ? And what led you to this conclusion ?
Well , I confess I've had my doubts about his abilities before . It seems he mainly got the job because his famous aunt pulled some strings .
Me too . But what can we do ? This isn't a reality TV show ... we can't just vote him out .
Interesting idea . You might be on to something .
Yes , please wait a minute . I'll fetch it for you . Here it is . Please try it on and take a look at the mirror . How do you like it ?
If you think so , we'll shorten the legs a bit . It'll take about twenty minutes .
You're welcome , sir .
Good coming .
I'd like a pair of shoes , please .
I changed my diet recently , and I eat a lot healthier now .
My diet consists mainly of fruits , veggies , and chicken .
Just about .
You know that fruits and vegetables are very healthy foods ?
I bake chicken because it's a healthy way to eat it .
You should try it . You won't be disappointed .
You need to fill out a special form to apply for unemployment benefits .
You can call the Employment Development Office and request a form .
Be prepared to provide your employer ’ s name and address and what dates you worked .
You need to be prepared to show that your unemployment is not your fault . If you have a termination notice , that would be great .
The Employment Development Office will call you for an interview .
I'm going to check out tomorrow but will be back in a week's time . Can I leave my luggage here ?
About nine-thirty in the morning .
Sure .
1218 .
Thank you very much , bye !
I ’ m terribly sorry , sir , but I ’ m afraid it is true . That flight has been canceled . Would you like to try to book tomorrow ’ s flight ?
It ’ s possible . If you would like to book with another airline the line is right over there .
That ’ s the one . It seems that everyone is anxious to get to New York tonight .
Certainly . You will also be receiving a 50 % discount as our way of apologizing for the inconvenience .
Good afternoon Sir . I'll have a look at the time-table for you . I'm sorry but there aren't any direct flights available .
Yes there are.How do you want to go , First class or coach ?
It is 260 dollars .
The flight will get you there at six Sunday morning .
The flight number is 301 at Gate Two .
What ’ s the problem ?
O . K . Do you have your receipt ?
Thank you . Do you want your money back , or would you like to exchange it ?
O . K . Here ’ s a receipt for store credit . Just take it back to the stereo section and one of our salesmen will help you .
No problem . Thank you .
It ’ s my pleasure . I enjoyed working with you .
Then keep up the good work .
Yes , I have obtained an accountant's qualification and a driver's license .
I spent a year to get my license .
What are you getting ?
Don ’ t forget to also get a new mixer . I lent the old one to my brother and he broke it .
I ’ m actually thinking of completely refurnishing the kitchen and getting a new stove , oven , dishwasher and trash compacter .
I would like you to be my lawyer .
I ’ m going on trial .
It ’ s a felony charge .
How much do you charge ?
That ’ s highway robbery .
Okay . You ’ re hired .
I've lost my Traveller's Cheques , all of them .
I see . You need the reference numbers ? For each cheque ?
Hello ! Do you have any rooms available tomorrow night ?
Just one .
I need a room with two double beds .
Non .
Six nights .
I will not miss the boat when there is another opportunity again next time .
I want to book a tour with adventure sports .
I don ’ t really think I ’ m ready to throw myself down a river full of jagged rocks in a rubber boat or go up in the air in a wicker basket held up by an oversize balloon . What else do you have ?
What ? You mean strap myself to a flimsy kite ? No , thank you ! Next !
I ’ m thinking something exciting but . safer .
That ’ s more like it !
I am sorry , I didn ’ t catch what you said . Could you repeat it please ?
Sorry , my English isn ’ t so good . Could you speak a little slower ?
By subway .
Yes , there is one on the other side of the building .
I'm afraid you can't . You'll have to go out there and walk around .
Most women love red roses for their birthday .
You can get a dozen for only $ 20 .
You're in luck today because the roses are on sale .
Very good . Perhaps you'd like something else to go with the roses ?
Women love roses , so your wife will be very happy .
She's going to kill you .
I ’ m fantastic !
I want to make a deposit today .
It will be cash today .
I need to deposit $ 300 .
Deposit it into my checking account .
That ’ s all I need today . Thanks .
Speaking . May I help you ?
We serve a great variety of popular Japanese dishes in set courses , and also many meat dishes .
We are open until 10 but our last order for dinner is at 9:30 pm .
Thank you , sir . We look forward to welcoming you .
May I have your ticket and passport please ?
No problem . Put your baggage on the scale , please .
OK . Here's your ticket , boarding pass , passport and baggage claim tag . You'll be boarding at Gate 8 . The boarding time is 9 a . m .
Sorry to hear that . Could you tell me what were in your purse ?
When did you come to America ?
Could you recall when and where you lost it ?
OK . I have written it down . Who is your emergency contact person in America ?
OK . We will contact you as soon as we have any clues .
Yes , I do .
As you know I serve as a secretary in my present company , I really want to look for a more challenging opportunity .
Just as you advertised in the newspaper .
Yes , what's more , your company is one of the largest and best trading companies in this line of business .
Have you traveled by air before ?
Let me tell you . First you must buy a ticket .
Then you must go to the airport .
Not Yet . Listen to me . Don't forget to take your ID card with you .
Something like a passport .
No , you also need a boarding pass .
May I help you ?
Let me weight it first . That'll be 14 dollars .
Of course , it's 4 dollars now .
No , you don't . We use computers now .
In a month .
Yes . My wife and I are interested in renting a house for the summer .
Furnished .
No , not all summer . Just for six weeks .
My holiday is only six weeks , but I think my brother and his family would take it for the other two weeks . Is the house in good condition ?
Hey , Anna , this is Jason .
Yes . How are you , Anna ?
Working . I've been really busy these days . I got a promotion .
Thanks . I am feeling pretty good about myself too . You know , bigger office , a raise and even an assistant .
You are kidding .
A bit over two years . This is a fast-moving company , and seniority isn ’ t the only factor in deciding promotions .
She is very nice and open-minded .
Yeah . He was a real slave driver . He probably would have loved it if we were robots .
Good . Tonight 8 o'clock .
Bye .
Yes , they are .
I want to use these coupons . Have they expired ?
Yes , could you use plastic bags ?
Could you charge it to my credit card ?
Here you are .
Sure .
Thank you .
I would like to have an international call to Paris . Can you tell how to do it ?
Well , what is the operator's number ?
Fine . Thank you .
I have an issue .
There were charges on my debit card that I never made .
I do .
It ’ s the last four charges .
Is that going to take long ?
That ’ s wonderful . Thank you .
I ’ m very well , thank you .
yes , that ’ s true .
I fixed many kinds of machine tools such as milling machines , grinders , welders , etc . I also repaired other things such as vacuums , toilets , locks , etc . I also did some electrical work . I took some courses about electrical systems .
I took care of commercial and residential coolers and heaters . I fixed many kinds of power failure problems . Some co-workers and I even rewired part of a building .
the best job ? What do you mean ?
I think my favorite job so far was when I worked for Linaria . It was hard work but the people on my job crew were great to work with . We really worked as a team . I enjoy working with those people .
I fixed a big problem with a machine and saved a lot of money for the factory . I got bonus for it .
Go ahead , please .
wow , this question is hard to answer . I don ’ t think I ’ Ve ever had a job that I really disliked . But I dislike work that is monotonous , always the same from day to day . I like to move around and do different things .
no . I can ’ t think of any right now .
thank you very much . I ’ m looking forward to hearing from you about this job .
You don't know what you are asking !
Remember what happened last time ?
Yes . That was a bit terrifying for both of us .
Oh , in that case , sure ! Uh ... what are these long sock-looking things ?
Why are you so excited ?
This was your first time voting , wasn ’ t it ?
That is so lucky of you .
You turned 18 a month before the election .
Are you serious ?
Congratulations on being a part of history .
Welcome and nice to meet you . I heard you were coming today . Is today your first day here in the company ?
First day is often exciting , isn't it ? Here , let me show you to your desk . You can have this computer and telephone and share the copy machine with us in the office . How do you like it ?
You are welcome . And , please call me Betty .
I'm paid on a salary .
At present I get 1,800 yuan per month .
That's not the problem I care about . You can decide on my capacity and experience .
Thank you , Mr . Brown . I really appreciate your assistance .
I'm sick of it , too .
There's no hot water , and the building is falling apart !
If I remember correctly , there's a quiz show .
Let's see what else is on first .
Um ?
As you like .
It doesn ’ t make any difference to me .
Leave me alone .
Miss Levin . Nice to meet you .
I don't know ! Can I park my car now ?
Fine ! I'll be back by nine then . Don't worry .
Finally !
The owners have counter-offered three hundred and thirty-five thousand dollars .
There are two ways to respond . You can either come back with another offer or go with their counter-offer .
No one else has made an offer , so you could make another offer if you want to do so .
OK , I will present your counter-offer to the owners tonight .
By now , the owners probably have a pretty good idea of what they will accept . It will go quickly .
I find the sheet in my room is so stained.Would you please help us change it for a clean one ?
All right . Please be quick about it .
Mr . Sandals , may I see your ID , please ?
Now , sir , do you have a credit card ?
I'm sorry , Mr . Sandals , but we accept only MasterCard or VISA .
Okay . You're in room 507 . It's a single queen-size bed , spacious , and nonsmoking . Is that suitable ?
Here's your key , sir . If you need anything , just dial 0 on your room phone .
Are you having a problem with it ?
Can you tell me how long your internet has been messing up ?
Will the internet even pop up ?
Since the internet isn't broken , your connection must be messed up .
If you'd like , I can send someone to fix it right now .
It should be no longer than an hour .
I'm worried , Tom . I haven't seen any other cars for almost an hour .
I told you we should have stayed in town today.The weather report said 100 percent chance of snow.Why did you want to come up here ?
Well , now we're stuck . What can we do ?
I've heard that when this happens , it's important to save energy .
We're stranded here , Tom . We may be here a long time.We need to conserve the gas in the car . The car's energy is what will keep us warm .
Yes , but the gas and the battery both have to stay working.We can't just let the car run and run.If we do , it will die soon . Then we'll freeze .
Turn the lights off.Then , run the car and the heater only about fifteen minutes every hour.That will conserve the heat as long as possible .
I wish we hadn't come up here . Now we'll probably be here for days .
Yes , it happens.That is what happens in big snowstorms . People get stranded for days .
Probably we'll survive.But turn the car off for about forty-five minutes . Then we'll turn it on again .
It's a really useful piece of equipment . It's for smoothing rough edges . Here let me show you how it works . It's very simple to operate .
Yes , we are travelling at rush hours . It could be very crowded in the morning and after 6 o'clock in the afternoon .
Yes , almost all the families have their own cars .
Well , it is hard to find a parking place in the city . Besides , parking is quite expensive in the downtown .
I ’ m sorry , Janet . I left it at home . I ’ ll bring it back in the morning .
I know , Janet . I just walked out and forgot it completely . I ’ ll go home and get it at noon , all right ?
I feel horrible . I think I picked up a bug .
A lot of people in my dorm are sick . Perhaps I picked it up there .
I ’ Ve been taking vitamin C and zinc and trying to get some rest .
My grandmother swears by hot chicken soup for a cold .
Yes , if I get worse , I will definitely look for extra help with this .
Are you looking for anything else ?
That was a thirtieth birthday present . You can have it if you want .
And these old Dutch candle holders would go nicely with the tea set . Have them .
That's right . Here you go .
OK , as I expected . How much will you allow me to borrow ? I mean , I don't need a massive sum of money .
That'll be enough , and the repayment period sounds good to me .
How soon before this goes through ?
Perfect . So , I guess my next job is to go to the newsagent and buy some car magazines . Thanks for everything .
No , not yet . I ’ m still looking . I ’ Ve been doing some work through a temp-agency though .
I ’ m temping at a pharmaceutical company .
Mostly office work - filing and so on .
Till the end of the month .
No , I don't think so .
Thanks .
I agree . I ’ ll look in the paper .
Here ’ s an interesting ad , For rent . Two-bedroom , unfurnished house , fenced yard , one-car garage . Pets OK .
The ad says $ 325 plus deposit .
It ’ s available now , and it ’ s got a very good location . You won ’ t be far from work .
No , I'm just browsing . Thanks anyway .
Could you drop me off at the airport ?
Do I need to pay any extra charge for my suitcases ?
All right .
Which function do you use more , making calls or sending short messages ?
Then I recommend this package to you . You can receive all the calls free by paying just 10 yuan a month .
Sending a message ' KTCTWY ' to 10086 will do .
You're welcome .
What size do you take ?
I'll measure you . . . You take size 6 . What colour hat would you like ?
Here are some nice brown hats.Try this hat on.It ' s a very good one .
It's $ 9.95 . Do you want me to put it in a box ?
Sure . Wait a moment .
OK .
For color prints ?
About three days .
Here's your receipt .
I want an American breakfast with fried eggs , sunny side up .
Grapefruit juice and please make my coffee very strong .
Yes , that's right .
No , that's all .
Just put it on the table , please .
No , thanks . Ah , yes ! Can I have some more juice for the minibar ?
Tomato , orange and apple juice , please .
Yes , I was .
I was in the bank at the time of the robbery .
I saw a man come in with a gun .
No . He had a mask on .
He was by himself .
That shouldn't be a problem .
Good morning . Could I speak to someone in the sales department , please ?
Thanks .
You would like me to send this to all managerial staff ? I'm sorry , sir , could you please clarify ? Who all is included in managerial staff ?
What about the senior account managers ? Do they count ?
Yes . This is Vanessa .
Yes . Is the position available now ?
Thanks a lot .
I ’ ll see you then . Good bye .
You're telling me ! There are thousands of people here .
This is almost like a Taiwanese night market ! I can't believe it !
Oh , yeah . OK . I'll just buy smallthings !
Yes , I am . I have life insurance and my home and its contents are also insured .
That ’ a good idea . You are a fireman and it can be dangerous job .
I can terminate my life insurance policy when I retire and use the money as a pension .
Did you have to take a medical before you could take out the police ?
Let me check - - oh , here it is . It just arrived a few minutes ago .
Is it important ?
Here it is , sir .
Gee , how dangerous ! I've almost knocked him down .
I braked as hard as I could .
When are you planning to go ?
What time would you like to leave ?
We have a flight at four thirty .
The next flight is at five fifteen and there's another at six thirty .
Yes , we have a seat available on that flight on the thirteenth .
The flight only takes an hour and a half . It arrives at eight o'clock .
Yes Anthony , come on in . Have a seat .
Well , Anthony , this is not going to be an easy conversation.The company has made some decisions which will have a direct impact on your employment .
I don ’ t want to beat around the bush so I ’ m just gonna come out with it . We are going to have to let you go .
I ’ m sorry but , to be honest , you are a terrible employee !
Anthony , you were caught making international calls from the office phone , you called in sick in eight times this month and you smell like alcohol !
Here you are , sir .
I am from China .
No , nothing .
Sure .
Yup .
No , it's my camera for personal use .
No , please don't . It's is for my personal use .
Almost all are for my friends in the States .
Neither , I prefer an active job .
That's better . I like travelling .
Thanks , honey . It's great to be back .
I want to find a book called Gone with the Wind . But I can't find it .
Margaret Mitchell .
Thank you very much . I have been looking for it for a long time . Is this the latest edition ?
How about the price of the hardcover ?
A little bit expensive , but I will buy one . This is $ 25 , here you are .
I'm Lui , I'd like to Speak to Mr . Smiths .
I'd like to speak to Mr Robert Smith .
Will you please copy these diplomas tor me ?
15 copies for each diploma .
Oh , no , I'v already made several trips to Guangzhou , this is my first trip to Beijing though.It is a lot larger than I expected it would be .
I hope to have time to visit great wall when I am here , I always want to go there , I think it would be a real shame by came all the way in Beijing and didn't make out the wall , do you think I have a chance to see it ?
Yes , that would be nice , would I have a tour guide to tour completely visit these places ?
Thank you very much .
No problem . I ’ Ve got a really light week . Anytime ’ s fine by me .
All right , I ’ ll put you in my book .
I am sorry . I can ’ t hear your very clearly . Could you say that again , please ?
Mark Wyatt ? I am sorry . The line is terrible.Could you spell that for me , please ?
W-Y-A-T-T , Got it . I haven ’ t heard of the name.Could you hold on the line when I check .
Yes , Sir .
All right , who should I send them to ?
Ok , home or office address ?
Should I enclose this commercial paper with these two letters ?
What's the problem ?
What charge was made ?
You didn't make this purchase ?
Sorry . When was this purse purchased ?
We'll do an investigation and get to the bottom of this .
No . We'll take care of everything .
I don't know . I only started looking for a job a few days ago .
I've only found a few openings in my field .
I'm trying to find a job in sound engineering .
unfortunately not . If I can't find anything in the field , then I could also work in the tourism field .
yes .
really ? what is it ?
that's interesting . Do you think they'd hire me ?
that's true . I might as well call them up and see if I can get an interview . Do you have the details ?
That's a lot of money ! What did you do ? Break the piggy bank ?
Ok , I'll find all the quarters and dimes while you sort the nickels and pennies .
I found some coins that are not from here .
Are you sure the bank will change these coins for you ?
What's happened ?
I'm sorry to hear that . May we meet the day after tomorrow ?
We'll discuss the contract in detail .
Not at all . See you .
Yup , I think so . The car ’ s packed.we have munchies and music , and the map ’ s in the car .
Got it ! Did you fill up the tank ?
You ’ re sure we ’ re not forgetting anything ?
Well.let ’ s get going then ! I love road trips !
But we ’ Ve only been on the road for ten minutes .
Really ? Are you familiar with that company ?
What does the company mainly do ?
When was the company founded ?
How many employees are there in total in the company ?
What education background do the employees usually have ?
When was the company founded ?
How many employees are there in total in the company ?
What education background do the employees usually have ?
Are there many promotion chances in the company ?
That's great . You can go take a look .
I saw the whole thing happen .
I was in the bank during the robbery .
Some dude came into the bank with a gun .
When he pulled out the gun , I got so scared .
He got the money and tried to leave .
The cops arrested him before he could even make it out the door .
Sandy , I think we made a mistake ...
It's a cute little teddy bear !
And look what we did to him ! Hey ... he left me his business card .
Here you are .
Take your time . When you need anything , just call me .
Yes , I have the Tour Guide Certificate .
Because your travel agency has a good fame in this market ; what's more , all the staff here are working very hard . I like doing some challenging job .
Sure , company rules are not very strict at this point .
But remind you , there are some forbidden activities .
Don ’ t use office phones for personal matters .
Never ever come to work drunk , also smoking in the office is not allowed .
You've got a point there . It is a custom and good manners to serve tea to a guest who comes to pay a visit . There is no need to ask if he needs it or not , or if he wants something else . It might be an insult to the guest if he is left sitting there without being served tea .
It wouldn't be considered rude behavior if he doesn't even take a single drop . But he'd better receive the teacup with both hands and bow his thanks when the cup is brought before his face . When the host pours hot water into his cup , he may also choose to tap his index finger on the table , meaning " Thanks " . No matter if he likes it or not , it is impolite if he doesn't even lay a finger on the cup .
Sure . The guest is welcomed by being served tea . But if after chatting for a while , the host asks servants or family members to serve a new cup of tea , or add some hot water , he is giving another signal .
More often than not , the understatement is ' I'm afraid it's time you leave ' .
Hello , Miss Wu .
Pretty good , thank you . And you ?
I need to remit £ 500 to London .
T / T , please .
I see , we have an explanation left on the table . If you follow the direction , it ’ s quite simple .
Oh , certainly .
Ah , yes , Miss Chang . What seems to be the problem ?
Very well . That can be arranged .
Well , I'll consider the possibility . By the way , when do I have to open the L / C if I want the goods to be delivered in June .
Could you possibly effect shipment more promptly ?
Very well , Mr Zhang . I'll not reduce my order . I'll take the full quantity you offer . And I'll arrange for the L / C to be opened in your favor as soon as I get home .
Early next month . In the meantime , I should be very pleased if you would get everything ready . I hope that the goods can be dispatched promptly after you get my L / CB
I strongly recommend it . As an international enterprise , it produces high quality household appliances .
Yes , all their products have warranties .
The fridges is covered by a one-year warranty .
This one . How do you like it ?
Sure , this way please .
Seven dollars ! ! ! Incredible ! But I saw that the seller has kind of a bad rating .
I read that someone called him a cheat and a liar ! And I noticed that he won't ship abroad .
OK . Wish me luck !
To visit our supplier ?
Well , I guess you will meet many people in this field . So don ’ t forget to pack enough business cards in your suitcase .
By the way , do you know that our company just made some changes in the business trip policy ?
Ok , there is no cash advance anymore for short trips . You have to pay out of your own pocket , so save all the receipts from your business trip . And then attach them to your expense account . When you get back , our company will reimburse everything .
I am not sure . You can check with the finance department .
You ’ re welcome . Have a nice trip .
No , I don't think so . I think the Internet would be better .
well , there is no doubt that many people have found jobs through the want ads in the newspaper .
No . It doesn ’ t . There ’ s no through bus to the national history museum Madam ..
You can transfer at Cuchan Men .
Well , it ’ s only three stops from here .
You ’ re welcome .
I chose the Institute of Foreign Language .
There were a number of them , such as Department of Literation , Department of Journalism and Communication , Department of Art Design , etc .
I should be most delighted .
Delighted I was able to help .
Good morning . I need a new identification card .
My ID card is lost .
I only have my household register .
Here you are , sir . What do I do next ?
Benjamin .
I've brought with me some of old ones .
OK , what's next then ?
Here is my passport . And this is the declaration form .
Business . I have a trade convention I'm attending in Chicago .
No . I will fly back twelve days from now .
Yes , I want to spend a couple days in New York . I have friends there I will visit .
Just my cameras , my clothes , and some books .
No .
Alright .
Yes ... I wouldn ’ t recommend it .
Granted , it ’ s cheap , but the place is filthy , the beds are uncomfortable , there ’ s no A / C , the breakfast is pretty skimpy ... and the staff couldn ’ t care less about the guests .
Just one night , when my flight was canceled due to bad weather . It ’ s bearable if you just need a place to crash , but you definitely don ’ t want to book a vacation there . Unless you enjoy sharing your room with cockroaches .
Sure , what would you like ?
Why don ’ t you have a water or juice instead , so you don ’ t get dehydrated ?
You tell me .
You never cook . I always do .
Oh please , you need to cook tonight .
It was a hard day . Can you just do this for me tonight ?
I'm going to go rest for a little bit .
Thanks .
Mom , there isn't any hot water
It's getting cold .
It's nice , but it doesn't match the color of our room .
Oh no , this type gets dirty very easily and it's difficult to clean .
Look , this one matches our room and it's inexpensive .
The process of actually making the offer is something that I will take care of for you . What price were you considering offering ?
Let ’ s leave some room on this offer . I think that three hundred and twenty thousand dollars is a fair offer in this housing market .
It is common practice to offer and then have a counter-offer .
The sellers are usually fairly quick to respond . They want to get things moving .
There really isn ’ t anything else to do right now except wait . You are already pre-qualified for your loan .
Hello , I am Amy .
I saw that your Corollas are on sale .
Tell me about Corollas .
Sounds good . How about $ 15 , 000 ?
I am serious . $ 15,000 .
No . Just talk to your manager and let me know .
The price is fine if you give me free security system and free carpet mats .
Thanks !
Tian'anmen Square .
How long will it take ? We are in a great hurry .
Hope there is no traffic jam .
Could you drop us off on that corner ?
How much do we owe you ?
Here is ten yuan . Keep the change , please .
Thanks and you too .
Yes , we do . I'll show you several kinds .
Sure , we'll take 20 % off the price .
This color is becoming to you , too .
The pink one is 30 yuan , and the purple one is 35 yuan .
Your doctor has requested a urine sample .
We want what we call a clean sample . Urinate a drop or so into the toilet , and then stop the flow and urinate into the cup .
You put the cup in the little cubby in the restroom and close the door to the cubby .
He is looking to see if you have a bladder or urinary tract infection .
Your doctor will call you in a few days with the results .
Yes , sir . May I have your laundry ticket please ?
Yes , they're ready to go .
No problem .
10 dollars .
Thank you , bye !
I think that's a good idea . You know I got a golfing buddy that runs a consultant firm . He's an expert in organizational comunication.He does't come cheap , but he's an expert in this field.Maybe he could help get things on track .
He's done staff for Microsoft and Boeing . I think he's been involved with Siemens ' training evaluations as well . I'll get you his card , you can give him a call .
We have a kind of floating bonus on a yearly basis .
Yes . Floating bonus is the kind of bonus that is indeterminate in amount , such as quarterly bonus , bonus at the end of the year .
No sweat ! Think nothing of it .
Ms . Yang , can you tell us in what ways the new EBB is better than the old model ?
Excuse me , but what are the Mbps mainly used for ?
Before you go on , Ms Yang , could you tell us if the original EBB sold well in the U . S . ?
What time ? I ’ d like to go , but my calendar is really full today .
I ’ ll try to make it . I should be able to fit some time in around 3 o ’ clock .
That ’ s fine ... I need to pick up some stationary-you know , a stapler , scissors , files , who should I see about that ?
Thanks . I need to make a few photocopies .
Do you enjoy working in this office ?
What ’ s usually discussed at the department meetings ?
' All-you-can-eat ' dinner special .
Do you care for seafood ?
Which seafood do you prefer ?
Is there anything else you would like to have ?
Would you care for beverage ?
What would you like to drink ?
I want to find a book called Gone with the Wind.But I can't find it .
Margaret Mitchell .
Thank you very much . I have been looking for it for a long time.Is this the latest edition ?
How about the price of the hardcover ?
A little bit expensive , but I will buy one.This is $ 25 , here you are .
Please to meet you , Miss Chen . My name is Joey.Welcome to the hotel . Here are the keys , registration slips and breakfast vouchers . Break-fast will be served from seven tomorrow morning . Is there any change in your schedule ?
Then we will arrange a morning call at 7:30 . Will that be fine ?
Please put your luggage outside your room by eight . The bellboy will pick them up .
Thank you very much . Hope you enjoy your stay .
Here are our passports and tickets .
Yes , we did . Just this morning .
No , sir . We left directly from the hostel .
Yes . Oh ! And these two carry-ons .
Right . Thanks .
Thanks .
Christmas Day is coming . I want to buy several postcards to send to my family and friends . Can you recommend me some ?
These postcards are great . I want to buy a dozen with different pictures .
How much is a postcard ?
OK . Here is the money . Thank you very much .
You have a warrant .
Apparently , you have a bench warrant .
You missed a court appearance .
I don't know what to tell you .
Life isn't fair .
You have the right to remain silent .
Look , we need to have the Stars.com account , right ?
And to get it , we have to beat WebTracker to the punch .
That's why I promised that invoking would be up and running by the end of next week .
Yes , I can help you with that . Pick up the receiver and hit one of the buttons . Do you hear a tone ?
Next you dial 9 on the keypad . You should hear the tone change . Did you hear it change ?
OK . Well , after you get the line to change you have an outside line . Who are you trying to call ?
To call a number on the outside you now just dial the number . For inside calls , punch in the extension number . Has someone given you an extension list ?
All of the extensions are listed on the wall chart over there if you ever need help .
Yes , Madam . It is at the entrance .
Okay . Follow me please .
In aisle 3 .
Almost . Let me get my bag .
Thank you for your compliment . But you are exaggerating . I think you are destined to be a singer . You have the best voice !
Yes , I'd like to . It's my honor . Let's pick a song .
Sorry , I can't sing the song .
OK . But I'm not familiar . I don't know the beginning part .
OK .
Ginseng comes in 6 different grades . It runs from 5,000 to 30,000 NT a jin .
You can get a liang if you want . A liang is one-sixteenth of a jin . That would be 330NT .
I'll have my brother cut some for you .
That's a lucky fruit called hong zat ! People say that if you eat them , you will have your first son very soon !
Gui yuan are lucky , too ! If you eat them , you'll have a very sweet life !
Oh , that's deer horn . That helps you ... umm , how should I put it ?
Better take the subway . It ’ s faster , and more convenient .
Just go to the ticket office in the subway .
No , you don ’ t have to . Here comes the train . Be careful ! Subway doors open and close automatically .
I want to send some money to Hangzhou . Today , if possible .
I think account to individual would be best . But which is the quickest way ?
Right , that's fine . I'd like it to get there as quickly as possible .
I know . They ’ Ve already sent back two approvals I sent them . Where do I sign ?
Oh , right . I remember . There you are . Hope you don ’ t have as many problems as I had !
I only allow my child to watch up to an hour a day . I don ’ t think that tv is bad for kids . I think that kids should be active and not become couch potatoes .
If you decide to put a limit on the amount of tv they can watch , remember to have something else for them to do . If you don ’ t , they ’ ll get bored and misbehave .
Sure . You could talk to other parents in your neighbourhood and plan it so that all the kids are free at the same time .
That ’ s a good idea . Remember that if the parents watch too much tv , the kids will probably follow suit .
Have you been having these headaches for a long time ?
Have you been under a lot of stress lately ?
Have you been getting enough sleep lately ?
Have you had any head injuries lately ?
I am going to send you for a CT scan , and I will see you again when we see the results .
My name is Zhuang Lingy . How are you , Miss Kelly ?
Thank you . Miss Kelly .
I can type 120 words a minute and I take shorthand at 80 words a minute .
Yes , I would . ( After testing )
Yes , I'd like to give it a try .
Thank you , Alice . Come in to the dining-room . I ’ m going to cut the cake soon . Have some please .
Ok . I ’ m pretty happy and I can go abroad .
Here you are .
Ok.But is there anything wrong ?
I've got 6 packets of cigarettes and 2 bottles of champagne.Besides , I have two cameras , one is for my own use , and the other is a gift .
Ok . Where shall I pay duty for it ?
I've paid for it . Here's the receipt .
Thank you .
I would try to land a job in Beijing . I just want to go to one of the big cities .
many say more development opportunities can be found there .
and there're higher salaries there .
I've considered that . I'll share an apartment with others to save the rent , and the cost of living won't be too much for only one person .
oh , we had to break up because she didn't want to float around in Beijing . She insisted on working in her hometown and having a stable life .
sure have . I want to offer my parents a better life ; so , I'll have to work very hard .
No , I'll have the fish please .
No , I want the fish .
Thank you , but I prefer the fish .
No , I'd like the fish .
That's a good idea . Let's bring our trunks and towels .
I'd prefer the pool .
What style do you use ?
I can't sleep . I'm really not all that tired .
It's impossible for me to get to sleep right now .
That really does not work for me .
How about I tire myself out , and then fall asleep when I'm tired ?
Don't worry , I'll make sure and get to sleep in a little while .
Fine . Sleep well yourself .
Of course not . My school record was above average in my class .
English . I've liked English ever since middle school , and then in university , I had some excellent teachers .
They are above 90 . I ’ m in the upper third of my class . I have worked hard at my major subject .
Somebody broke into my house in the morning .
About 12 o'clock , when I came home from work .
I wonder how the burglar did it .
That's because we have a strong lock .
Did you find anything ?
Oh , er ... sorry that's because we didn't have time to clean it .
Definitely not , sir .
Oh , I am sorry . I ’ m afraid I can ’ t do it now . I have to meet my supervisor in a few seconds . But I could mail it after that .
I won ’ t .
Don ’ t mention it . See you .
Yes , I would like to place an order for toner cartridges . We have a standing agreement with you company , so we will need the same amount as last time .
It should be under Leslie Smith . The number is 184796 A .
Yes .
No , PLS post the bill to 124 Hildrod Lane , Milton County , 98830 .
Thank you .
The aroma of roasting coffee beans .
Green beans . They pop and turn brown when you roast them .
This machine roasts the beans just right . If you roast them too long , or the temperature is too hot ...
Good morning ! Do you have any rooms available at the moment ?
I'd like a suite for four nights .
That's all right . How much do they cost ?
How much in total ?
Is breakfast included ?
That's fine . I'll get it .
I would like to pay by cash . Do I need to pay a deposit ?
Fine . Here you are .
Thank you very much .
Bye-bye !
There are many interesting places you should be sure to see . One problem is transportation , however . Because the city is very old , the roads are narrow and congested . If you only have three or four days to visit , you don't want to spend them waiting in traffic in a cab . I suggest you take the subway .
No worries , there's a subway station at the conference center itself , and a shuttle from your hotel to the conference center that takes only 5 minutes . When you do your personal sightseeing , you can first take the shuttle to the conference center , then hop on the metro .
You can get a daily pass that will allow you to travel unlimited for the whole day for about 6 dollars . Otherwise , you can pay by trip , which is about 50 cents to 2 dollars each trip , depending on how far you go .
No , no ... . it's very hard to get lost . There are two lines , one that goes in a circle , the other that is straight . If you get lost , there are always subway attendants that can help you find your way .
I have been employed as a secretary at a trading company .
I find it interesting .
I go to the office by bus every day .
My main responsibility is trouble-shooting between top management and the general employees .
No , often my boss requires overtime work .
5,000 yuan a month .
I would like to have a job that is more lively than my present one . Besides , I would like to practise my English in my work . As my present employer deals with China trade towards China only , there isn ’ t much chance to speak English .
Yes , we can handle that here . How can I help you ?
Did you work at all during the last pay period ?
Did you report it on your Continued Claim Form ?
Well , we deducted a portion of the income that you made from this week ’ s check .
That is cheating and , if you get caught , you will be fined and disqualified from collecting unemployment .
Sure , I have to go anyway . But the first place you need to go is immigration office . They ’ ll check your ticket , passport , visa and immunization record book . After that we can go to the baggage claim area .
This is my luggage , but it's too heavy . I can't move it . Could you help me get it out of the conveyer belt ?
Where shall we go next ?
Ok .
No , I don't .
Sure .
Chocolates .
No , they are peppermint chocolates .
About a 100 and I have had them declared .
A visitor .
I'd like to , but the photocopier is out of order .
It broke down one year ago .
The pile is over ten feet high . I am afraid it will fall all over and bury you underneath it if I put this file on top of it .
What do you expect ? I've been working for you for three years , and you've never given me a holiday . I don't feel well today , because I have a terrible headache . I am not in the mood for being gentle and polite . If you can't stand it , it's your problem . I am not going to change , because I think it suits you best .
I apologize for forgetting myself , but I do need some time off .
I ’ m sorry , Clint . Maybe I didn ’ t make myself clear enough . We should get together to discuss this .
Fine . Let ’ s meet this afternoon . I ’ ll draw you a better picture of the situation .
Yes , sir .
Of course . You don't have to come here and we will drop you off at your hotel .
That's a very popular way to pay nowadays , totally hassle free !
Please fill in this application and sign your name down here , at the bottom .
I just need to see some ID , like a passport for example .
We usually ask for 100 RIB , Sir .
So , that's everything done for you . Here's your new cheque book , the cheque guarantee will follow in the post in a couple of days .
It ’ s my pleasure .
Would you please tell me about your pay skill first ?
They sum my skills and experience . I ’ d like to start it with 4000 yuan a month .
Do I have paid vacation ?
well , there are certain factors that effect people's size and weight .
one study said that low-income groups have a higher percentage of over-weight people than higher income families .
the survey said that the low , income groups eat more junk food on a daily basis .
and junk food contains lots of fat and oil . There is one final reason why so many people are fat .
nobody exercises anymore-not even kids ! The average american home has the TV on for 6 hours a day !
yeah , I guess so .
hey , I started a diet and lost 10 pounds .
well , I quit and gained it back plus 5 pounds .
I would like to have my room cleaned . Would you please send a maid here right now ?
Thank you .
I'm not sure . What does it look like ?
There's a large wooden crate in the corner which I haven't unpacked yet . It might be in there .
Oh , I thought I could make a right turn on red here .
Oh , I guess I didn't see it .
Here they are .
Thank you , Ma ’ am .
Well , Vince dropped off some sales reports for you.Said you signed a big deal with HomeSupplies.com .
You're right . All the entertainment web sites follow Stars.com .
Elvin stopped by to see me .
Yes , do you have any flights to Sydney next Tuesday afternoon ?
That's fine . Could you tell me how much a return flight costs ? I'll be staying three weeks .
Economy , please .
OK . Could I make a reservation ?
The 16:45 , please .
My name is Mary Jones , that's M-A-R-Y J-O-N-E-S .
Can I pay at the check-in desk when I pick up my ticket ?
I see .
Thank you .
All I usually have is some cereal for breakfast .
I sometimes run late in the morning , and can't make breakfast .
Tell me what you eat in the morning .
That sounds like a great breakfast .
That sounds like a very quick meal .
I think I'm going to make myself some oatmeal and toast .
Yes , of course . I love the picnic party . It ’ s really family fun time .
Right , she is so excited and simply can ’ t wait .
I'd love to . I heard about Halloween when I was in Beijing . It's kind of a children's day . Small kids get dressed up , then walk around with paper bags or baskets , knocking on the neighbor's
That's kind of cool . But what's the trick mean ?
That sounds kind of fun , maybe I can get tighter with my friends that night .
That does sound a lot of fun .
OK .
I am sorry . There is a speed limit .
Oh , my computer crashed again !
That would be great ! I hate working with computers !
Good day . I ’ m looking for a one-bedroom apartment today .
Well , I didn ’ t want to pay more than $ 900 a month .
Is it furnished ?
No , thank you ! I want to take an apartment , not a prison .
Hello , I'm here to talk to someone about a Fixed Asset Loan .
Yes . I also have a Loan Certificate .
Well , we have no problems with our credit rating , I can assure you .
If you go to the breakfast aisle , you'll find the cereal there .
You'll find it by the oatmeal and breakfast bars .
Is there anything else you need help finding ?
That's over by the paper towels and toilet paper .
That's where it is .
Let me know if you need anything else .
Yes , but do you think there is eternal love in the world ?
Speaking .
Are you scheduling a check-up , or are you ill ?
Have you been feeling any joint aches with that rash ?
I have times available for Tuesday or Wednesday . Which one would work best for you ?
I can fit you in on that day at 10
You can see the doctor of your choice then , and we will see you at your scheduled appointment time .
I'd like to confirm a reservation , please.My name is Wang Lin . My flight is KF98 .
What ? I am afraid you have made a mistake , I am leaving on July 21st alone .
No.It is Wang .
That's right.Thank you .
Yes , I want to buy a VCR .
No . I only want it to be a very good one . The best.It ' s a graduation gift for my son .
Well , he uses our VCR at home.But he's going to university in the Fall , so he needs his own VCR .
Yes , he sure does.In fact , he wants to become a movie producer himself.He wants to study film at the university .
Please do .
Yes , I know that . So I want him to have a good VCR to use .
DVD ? Isn't that like a CD ?
Why is a DVD better than a VCR ?
But isn't it more expensive ?
What's that ?
And why not ?
Hmm . Is that true ?
Well . And what about DVDs ?
Hmm . He might really appreciate that . I know he will start to collect movies at school . Especially if he studies film .
Alright , please show me what you have .
Oh yeah and decorating the house too was colored paper and pictures . they will put a Christmas tree just inside the front door , pained toys and colored electric lights along the branches and plays all the gift packages under it
Sure thing .
Thanks .
Sorry , miss . I'm afraid we don't have any on hand today .
Yes , maybe you can come on Friday .
Yes , of course .
Sure . Here you are .
1:00 a m .
You have gotten amazing success . Congratulations !
Without a doubt . Relevant department will try their best .
Can I have a look at your ticket ?
I am sorry.sir.Your plane has just taken off .
I am so sorry to hear that . Maybe you should go to the information counter over there . They can give you some advice .
By all means .
What is it ?
Really ? That's something unexpected . You see , all our exports are strictly inspected before shipment . The goods were in perfect condition when they left the port .
Our goods are well-examined before shipment . I'm afraid the losses must have occurred on route .
We will check with the parties concerned right away .
Most normal little girls go wild over Barbie dolls .
Here's the latest model — Digital Barbie .
Why , she's only $ 29.95 .
Excellent . Would you like anything else ?
The total will be $ 32.42 . Will that be cash ?
Here's your change . Thank you for shopping with us .
Fine , thanks . I will go to Mainland China for a business trip tomorrow , and I want to change some Hong Kong dollars into Renminbi .
One thousand yuan , please . By the way , what is today's exchange quotation ?
Oh , I see . Could you please split the one thousand Renminbi into hundreds and tens ?
Five hundred in hundred RIB notes and the others in ten RIB notes , please .
Thank you very much .
I want to buy some cleansing milk . What would you recommend ?
Anything that can keep my skin clean will do .
Hm ... the smell is too strong , I can't stand it . I'm very sensitive to fragrance .
I'll try that . Do you have facial cream to go with that ?
I'll buy the moisturizing lotion and cleansing gel first . If they suit me , I'll come back for the others later .
I didn't know you did Yoga .
What have you learned ?
As opposed to short and shallow ?
I read something like that once . I think it was , ' Life is in the breath . '
Sure . Where would you like to stand ?
OK .
Are you ready ? Here we go . Say Cheese !
Is it the battery ?
Do you have an extra battery ?
If you don't mind , you can use my camera and leave your address with me so I can send you the photos later .
You're welcome . Now smile ...
What is it , Mrs . Wang ?
Is that so ? So far we haven't had any complaint of this kind . Our mushrooms have enjoyed a good reputation for their superior quality for years . We are really at a loss to understand why your lot was found moldy and wormeaten . Have you any evidence ?
Though everything may be as you say , there are many factors involved . What's more , your surveyors have not mentioned any cause for the damage .
As you know , before shipment , the Commodity InspectionBureau inspected the goods in question . They concluded that the goods were well dehydrated from fresh and choice material and up to standard for export .
The inspection certificate , which is based on a random selection of 20 % of the consignment as we've agreed on beforehand , is considered final and binding upon both parties . We do not accept any claims for compensation for loss incurred in transit , because you bought the goods F . O . B . Houston and on shipping quality , not on landed quality . Your claim , in our opinion , should be referred to the insurance company , as the mishap occurred after shipment .
That's a matter over which we could exercise no control , then . I'm afraid I have to insist that you approach the insurance company for settlement , that is , if you have covered this risk in your coverage .
Otherwise the insurance company would no doubt have entertained your case .
Monica , wait a moment . I think we ’ d better call the repair man to do it .
I ’ d like you to have a look at the safety manual of our company .
Other company rules also need your attention .
Never wear loose clothes or hair when operating the shredder .
Don ’ t mention it .
It tastes great , but it is really dry . Is your fish all right ?
I wonder if they left it sitting around too long before they served it .
Are your vegetables OK ?
So are mine . I think they left them cooking too long .
I think that you are right . Maybe they can give us a free dessert or something .
Your Honor , I am ready to make my plea .
I am pleading not guilty .
I am not the guilty party
I am not the person who committed that crime .
Will you let me go if I tell you ?
I have no problem singing like a canary .
I'm not sure . Let's look up the catalogue .
I advise that step be taken in power supply first .
His suggestion is that the work be started at once .
I think so too .
Just fine , Karen . I ’ m just taking a breather from all this paper work !
I ’ ll have to try it . You know how I am about Italian food ! What ’ s the name ?
Thank you for allowing us 3 % reduction , but still we find your price is on the high side .
If so , we find it difficult for us to go on with our talks .
This is our counter-offer .
So are we , our counter-offer is in line with the world market .
Agreed .
I'll take two value meals .
One Coke and the other a Sprite , please .
Yes , I'd like that , then .
No , thanks . That will be all .
I would like to buy some flowers , please . Something really nice .
It ’ s not really an occasion , it ’ s more like I ’ m sorry .
I think I ’ m gonna need more than just a dozen red roses and a bear . What else do you recommend ?
I don ’ t think that ’ s gonna cut it . I need something bigger and better !
Well , I may have accidentally insinuated that she is getting chubbier .
Do you think so ? I don ’ t like girls who look like that . I like girls who are not too slim . If you like her , go and talk to her .
He ’ s huge ! He must go to the gym to have a well-built body like that .
I don ’ t mind , but I like girls with long hair .
Have you ever dated a girl taller than you ?
Yes , I have . Perhaps I should go to the gym , like that girl ’ s boyfriend .
Sure.Do you want an acoustic one or an electric one ?
Are you looking to get a steel-string or a classical ?
Well , a classical guitar has nylon strings and its neck is bigger than a steel-string guitar ’ s.It ’ s best suited for finger picking . A steel-string is best for playing chords .
In that case , I ’ d suggest a steel-string guitar.The best one we have is the Ovation .
In that case , how about this one ? It ’ s inexpensive but it ’ s still well made and easy to play .
You should also get a couple of guitar picks .
Don ’ t mention it .
Sorry , I can ’ t hear you . Could you please speak up a little ?
Pardon ? The line is bad . Don ’ t hang up please . I ’ ll have the call transferred to another line .
Donations for what ?
How much money are you trying to raise ?
What are you doing to raise money ?
You should try other fundraisers .
You can always wash cars and sell candy .
That ’ ll help you make more money .
Not quite yet .
It's still very far away .
We're getting close .
Here we are .
It is in front of you .
I'm glad to hear it .
Yes , you can find it at the entrance .
Ok , I'll get one for you .
Here it is . It ’ s really hard to find a shopping cart at this moment .
We make deliveries only for bulk buying .
No , but the charge is rather low .
I'm very busy these days . It seems I can never finish my work .
I'll try . I'm under a lot of pressure right now .
I can't . I am really behind of my work .
Hi , Rich . Is Jim here ?
Sure . This is Claire .
No , it ’ s 3725019281 .
No , it ’ s 3725019281 , it ’ s a 9 , not a 5 .
Can you tell him that it ’ s urgent ?
Thanks a lot .
Bye .
Yes , sir . How much would you like to remit ?
No problem . Do you want the money to go by M / T or T / T ?
If you take M / T , it will take a longer time for your brother to receive the money .
Would you please fill in this application form ?
For 1,200 yuan to Nanchang , the commission is 12 yuan .
You are welcome .
It is very nice .
Can I order room service ?
Good .
OK.thanks .
Oh , hello , yes , arm ... I've just lost my bank stuff .
You know my bank stuff . My card , my book ...
Jim Chan . The account's in my name . Is that all you need to know ?
That's good ! This is our first transaction . I hope you'll be entirely satisfied with this initial shipment .
I would like to book a table for five at 7:00 tonight .
Michael .
Yeah , the doctor said that I can leave soon . I really miss home .
Yeah , you are right . But I have to stay for another day for observation .
No , thanks . I am very grateful that you can come to the hospital to visit me .
We're working on different steps in different areas.For example , our Colbert line is thriving in American markets , we've already reached the loyalty stage.In Asia , however , it's a different story.Most people haven't even heard of Colbert , so we're working on awareness through a lot of product launches and related activities .
Understanding comes from product differentiation.We get that through product demonstration , literature , expert testimonials , and the like .
Well , it's forty pings including the balcony . See . It's huge .
This balcony is perfect for barbecuing .
I'm sorry . No pets are allowed in this apartment building , except fish .
Sure . Let me just grab my wallet . You certainly do look happy this morning .
This is a first ! You must have won the lottery .
Hi . John , it ’ s Emily . How ’ s everything ?
Oh , I was just thinking about getting a bite to eat . Have you had lunch yet ?
No , really ?
Who will be there ?
That is good . He can leave you alone this time .
We are going to Jingshan Park . Originally it was an imperial garden while it is now a public park .
It is at the north of Forbidden City , on the central axis of Beijing .
Jingshan consists of five individual peaks , and there lies an elaborate pavilion on the top of each peak . These pavilions were used for gathering and leisure time . These five peaks also draw the approximate historical axis of central Beijing .
According to the dictates of Eng Shut , it is favorable to site a residence to the south of a nearby hill . When the capital was moved to Beijing , no hill existed at this location , so one was constructed . It is called " Coal Hill " . The last emper-or of Ming Dynasty , Chongzhen , committed suicide by hanging himself here in 1644 .
Jingshan Park is especially a popular place for old people socializing and gathering . People can often find elder folks dancing , singing opera and other cultural activities at Jingshan Park .
The crab soup is quite delicious.It ' s always a favorite with our customers .
Well , why not try Spaghetti Bolognese ?
Certainly , Mr . Baker .
Yes , I will . Do you need it finished right away ?
No , of course not . Just in case . Nothing to worry about . Don't you also do this in China ?
Oh , then it's my honor to be here with you . I can see now why you've been so curious about the bar stuff . You like this place ?
Yeah . Other than that , the real feature are the excellent drinks . Can I have your ticket ?
Well , with the ticket , you can get a free drink . What would you like ? Orange juice ?
I'll show you how . The bar tenders know whose turn it is . And also , I can snap my fingers to catch his attention .
Yes , I'm here . What details do you need from me ?
Yes , I did . But nobody has handed it in as yet .
Please , go right ahead .
I'm Mike Kowalski and my card number is 5211678 44 , but there are some other numbers at the beginning . I'm not sure what they are .
It's 671029 , my birthday . Silly to choose such a simple one , I suppose !
Well , all right . There are four points you should keep in mind when you file documents , information and other things .
They are , keep the documents in chronological order , remove all the chips and pins , punch the documents evenly and place them in the folder .
You should always remember that one customer on file is the rule .
Yes . How about going out and enjoying the sunshine on the grass ?
Hey , darling , I think I might have a little heatstroke from being in the sun all day . I was so relaxed . It felt as if I were in another world .
Yes , it was wonderful but it's already been a year . How time flies !
Are you kidding ? Can you afford it ? Do you think we can get a room on such short voice ?
Yeah , I think so .
Wonderful ! I'll start packing our suitcases .
Could you fill me in on the details for buying foreign currency ?
Kula Lumpur , in Malaysia .
That sounds fine . I'll bring in my passport and everything tomorrow . Thanks .
Do you have a Chinese edition of this ?
I'll try to read one .
Yes , I ordered a camera and some personal care stuff online yesterday . They will be delivered in two weeks .
Sometimes you can save money and you can find things that you had difficulty finding in a store . sometimes it's just convenient , like doing it late at night and sometimes it's just fun .
Yes , of course I can , Penny . Is there any water in this kettle ?
Where ’ s the tea ?
I can see the teapot , but I can ’ t see the tea .
Ah yes , I can see it now . Where are the cups ?
Yes . Here they are .
I was responsible for helping patients restore their organic functions , training them in speech and organism , carrying our massage and physiotherapy , taking care of patients ' nutrition and diet .
They are sense of post , mentality quality , first aid ability , emergency adjustment , and law consciousness .
Not really , Betty . What do you need ?
Sure . I just need to do one other job first . How about if I come up around 11:30 ?
Yes , I have . I was employed by the financial section of the university ever since I graduated . I worked there for 3 years . Then I had worked in a bank for 3 years .
Very short time . I became an auditor within three months .
Oh , all right . I lost a bunch of money in the last two years , but this year has been pretty good .
Just goes to show that you should buy companies not ideas .
Yeah , me too . Did you hear about Ted ?
He lost his kids ’ college money by trading .
Could you put me through to Dan Aykroyd ?
Could you leave him a message ?
Could you tell him that Horst Weissmuller phoned .
Of course . It's H , O , R , S , T , then W , E , I , S , S , M , U umlaut , L , L , E , R .
Just tell him I'll call him when I get back from Australia . That's it .
Thanks . Bye .
There you go .
What ? I was just having a friendly conversation with the lady here ...
I think there's been a misunderstanding !
OK ! Just give her this for me !
The same with the previous speaker , we must know how things stand with us .
It's the time to emphasize sense of crises .
Give me a shot of whisky and soda .
Certainly without ice . Ice will spoil the taste .
Whoa , when .
What ’ s going to be covered in the orientation ?
Quite a lot . All them one afternoon ?
It is ok with me . I enjoy being busy and learning new things .
Yes . I'm interested in your package tour to Paris . Could you tell me more about it ?
How long is the tour ?
Thanks for reminding me . It always slips my mind .
Cool ! That's a great idea . What did you have in mind ?
Don't tell me , socks .
Great . Send it to me by FedEx tomorrow morning . Or better , call Federal Express for a pick-up . That way I'll get it even earlier .
Don't worry about that . I'll reimburse you as soon as I receive the package .
OK .
Here you are .
Take the number 5 train and get off at the United Squire .
Let's order something to eat . What are you in the mood for ?
OK . How about some spring rolls and squid balls , some pork skins , and some beer !
Oh , yes . That is a beautiful color . It has been a very popular lipstick this season . I have just two left .
Have you heard about our special promotion this month ? If you purchase at least 200 yuan in any loreal products , you will receive this black hand bag with a sample of blusher , mascara and two shades of eye shadow .
I'd be glad to . Do you need anything else ?
Books in the first aisle are all best sellers .
Well , do you like novels ?
Here is one written by famous Japanese novelist . You can have a look .
My pleasure .
Yes . I'd like a hamburger and a large order of french fries , please .
Yes . I'll have a mixed green salad .
Italian , please .
Yes , I'd like a large soda , please .
Yes , we have one and it faces the beautiful sea .
OK , we will make it ready for you .
really well , thanks .
she's not bad . She's a bit bossy , but I'm sure I'll get used to her .
she's far better than my old boss . He didn't know how to express his opinion without putting at least one other person down .
they are all pretty easy-going . It's a very friendly place to work .
of course . I spent so much time at my old workplace that I got to know them all very well . They were like family to me .
sure . Since we work together in teams , we have to get along with each other .
yes , it helps everyone to understand what we're doing from different perspectives .
I prefer it to working independently . I think most people do .
Sorry , I'm afraid the hotel is full on those dates.Shall I contact another hotel for you ?
You did spend too much , and most of the expense was kind of unnecessary .
No , you don't have to spend every penny you make , you could save some every month , like a lot of other people do .
You should save in case of an emergency , you need to have more self-control , what things did you spend money on ?
Let's bygones be bygones , start saving right now .
It ’ s nice to meet you , too , Ms . Green . This company seems so big right now ; I don ’ t know how I ’ ll ever get used to it .
Great – That ’ ll be big help , Ms . Green .
I have a fifteen-day vacation and I want to have a trip to England . Is there any route that fits me well ?
That's wonderful . By the way , what kind of cabin will I have ?
Yes , here's our confirmation slip .
No reservation ? Well , then , do you have any rooms available ?
You mean we can't stay in this hotel tonight ?
Then , would you recommend any other nearby hotel ?
Congratulations ! So , have you started planning your move ?
Not really .
Since I did not have much staff , I asked my cousin to help me out .
Yeah , it was . But I still have some information that I collected last time , and if you want , I will give it to you .
How do you do ?
I'm Mary Smith.Nice to meet you , too .
I don't know . What do you want to eat ?
That's what I ate yesterday .
I wouldn't mind a burger .
We're going to have to compromise .
Sounds good to me .
We can get both at the cafeteria .
I like it very much .
No , I don ’ t mind at all . I receive 3,000 RIB a month , after tax .
I ’ m afraid there isn ’ t . My boss only pays lip service .
My expectation is in the 3800 to 4500 RIB range . That ’ s the take-home pay .
Our product features inventory tracking software , which continuously updates and tracks your inventory on a real-time basis .
Yes it is very easy to use and each system installation comes with a 3 - day employee training seminar .
Our quoted price includes the software system , installation , 3 day training seminar and ongoing troubleshooting.There are no hidden costs .
What ’ s to get ready ?
Nope .
Nope .
we need lots of things . I ’ ll make a list . We need a bag of sugar , a loaf of bread and a crate of beer .
just joking . I would like to get a few bottles of beer though . We also need a liter of cooking oil .
I ’ d like to get a jar of strawberry jam and a bottle of tomato ketchup . Do we need any meat ?
ok . Let ’ s not forget fruit and vegetables . We need a bunch of bananas , a kilo of tomatoes and a bag of potatoes .
ok . We should get a few tins of tuna . Anything else ?
let ’ s get a chunk of cheese too . Is that everything .
I'll go take a shower .
I'm not sure if I'm at the right counter , but I need some advice on mortgages , can you help me ?
A specialist ? That's excellent , thanks .
A black coffee with 2 sugars would be much appreciated , thanks .
Yes . I've dreamed a thousand times that I could lie down here to relax .
I'd like to stay here for all my life if possible .
I don't think it will spoil our trip .
Let's kick off our shoes to walk on the green flag stoned roads .
For what ?
All right . I ’ ll call you back later .
It's not really all that good . The bedroom is a little small for us .
But there's no hot water after 10 at night . Sometimes I like to have a hot shower before bed . especially in the winter . It feels good .
True , and I like the kitchen . It's new and well equipped .
You're right . The view is spectacular . But that bedroom is so small . We'd never be able to fit all of our stuff in there .
I haven't thought of that .
Certainly . How do you like your room ?
$ 40 per night .
The daily rate is $ 22 per mile .
Can I see your license , please ?
That's fine . Fill out this form and let me see your credit card , please .
Yes . I'll have a room free next week .
12,000 yuan a year , but you can't have visitors live in it .
Could you come back later ? We're right in the middle of dinner .
Sure . Should I check your radiator ?
That'll be ¥ 150 .
Go ahead , please .
You'll have 10 days paid vacation every year .
We will provide you with life insurance , health insurance , accident insurance , housing benefits , heating allowance and transportation allowance .
You ’ ll be paid a bonus at the end of every year .
We provide our employees with training opportunities at home and abroad .
Sure . I will ask Lucy to call you in two days .
You ’ re welcome .
What happened , Peter ? Did you have a fight ?
Did somebody hit you ? Or did you just fall ?
Yes.Will you check if my suit is ready to go , please ?
Bill Smith .
No , it ’ s a dark brown suit .
Right .
Thanks .
No , thanks . I'm just looking .
No , thank you . I don't need any skirts .
No , thank you .
No doubt . Look , I'm just browsing . If I need your help , I'll let you know .
He's on the other line , can you hold for a minute ?
He'll be right with you .
We are always willing to choose the big ports as the loading ports .
As most of our clients are near Tianjin , we'd like to appoint Tangle as the unloading port .
Yes , this is Julianne Horton , and I ’ m calling to arrange an appointment with Ms . McNeal .
How ’ s Thursday ? Does she have any time available then ?
Actually , I ’ Ve got something scheduled on Monday.Can she do Tuesday ?
Sure , Merton Financial Advisors .
Not bad . But there is more room for improvement .
There were some gaps in your report . Please be more sorrow .
I haven't shopped there . How is the food ?
I go to Sons for my groceries .
Is there something wrong with Sons ?
Do they offer organic foods at Whole Foods ?
Maybe I'll try that store out .
You're making me a believer .
I'm splendid . How about yourself ?
So , have you been on the bus very long ?
How often do you ride the bus ?
You have your own vehicle ?
So then , why don't you drive it ?
Smart .
My name is Sun lin .
I am twenty-five years old .
Yes , my birth date is September 22 , 1977 .
I live at 606 Zhongguancun Road , Apt 802 , Beijing .
My birthplace is Nanjing .
My domicile place is Nanjing , too .
Yes . I want to deposit some money into my Savings Account , please .
Correct .
There we go . Thanks very much .
Let me have a look . Can you see there's a stone in your kidney ?
No , but it's painful .
No , it's not necessary since the stone is not big .
Yes , you're lucky . But you should go to the Ultrasonic Department to disperse the stone . Meanwhile , I'll give you some herbal medicine .
The order was in good shape when it left out factory .
We'll make it right with you , of course .
What kind of price did you want ?
That will probably be Ok .
It ’ s a great pleasure to meet you , Mr . Brown . I believe you have seen our exhibits in the showroom . May I know what particular items you ’ re interested in ?
Thank you for your inquiry . Would you tell us the quantity you require so that we can work out the offers ?
Here are our F . O . B . price lists . All the prices in the lists are subject to our confirmation .
As a rule we don ’ t allow any commission . But if the order is a substantial one , we ’ ll consider it .
That ’ s something we can discuss later .
$ 90 .
Sorry , sir . The prices here are all fixed .
Yes , I would be happy to answer a question about payment . What do you need help with ?
Did you generate any income during that time period ?
Did that income show up on your last Continued Claim Form ?
When you are able to find work and get paid , we always take away part of your check .
Don ’ t do it ! If you get caught making false statements , you can have your claim closed .
I ’ m sorry , sir . Could you tell me your name and order again , please ? I ’ ll check on the delay .
Thank you , Mr . Morris . Please wait one moment and let me check on the order . Would you like anything to drink , sir ? On the house .
No , it's at counter 1 , right over there .
Yes .
Do you want to send it by air or by regular mail ?
I ’ ll have to weigh it first . 120 yuan , please .
Your change , please .
Just a second and I'll check the schedule .
American Airlines has a flight leaving at 9:25 a . m .
You have to be there two hours before departure time .
Sure , just send me through internal mail .
No problem at all . Welcome .
So soon ?
OK ! Hurry , then ! Here's my cup . I can't wait for step four !
Yes , there is , drinking your coffee !
How long is it altogether ?
That sounds OK . So , we start here at the car park and walk along the path to the waterfall .
Then we will follow this path down the hill to the old church .
This path leads to the cave . Can we look inside the cave ?
Then we turn south and come back to the car park along this path .
How long do you think it will take us to complete the walk ?
That ’ s fine . Are there signposts along the way , in case we get lost ?
Yeah . I met him yesterday.He ' s no longer the same young man as he was eight years ago .
The fare is $ 1.25 .
I haven't been driving for long — only for a few months .
Not in the least bit .
I never dreamed of doing this either . The only thing I like about it is the money .
It was really nice talking to you too .
I'll have a good day once this day is over .
What ?
Did you open it before we left ?
I don't know . Wait . Is this yours ?
It looks that way . That's probably why the door wasn't locked when we came in .
Yes , but the robber broke in.Then , when he left , he left through the door . So it wasn't locked .
Look around .
And your stereo too . So what did he steal ? We have to go look upstairs .
I don't think there will be . He left through the door , remember ?
Yes . My only recreation is skateboarding .
Maybe . But it emphasizes participation and a spirit of courage , and can give one the extreme sense of cheerfulness and success . I'm getting to like the game more and more .
You ’ re welcome . I enjoyed helping you .
So do I .
I swear I never drink again . Just give me another chance , please .
You know how hard I try to quit , I've lost without you . I am mot let you go .
I have to make money to support the family , so I have little time left to share with you .
I told you I happened to be more important meeting at that time .
I'd like to cancel a reservation .
Jim White .
From November 21st for 4 nights .
It's for myself .
Yes , it's Zheg In and my number is 3811658 .
Yes . Do you have any specials today ?
I have never tasted that . I would like to have a try today .
Fantastic ! I got the promotion !
After the new year .
Yes , Mr . Li .
I also have done it .
Yes . They have been laid by their name cards on the meeting table for each attendant .
Hello , Miss Wu , This is Dan Robson calling from OTC limited . I'd like to check my last order . When exactly was it sent out ?
Sure . No problem .
Sure . Do you have my number ?
No problem . I'll wait for your call .
The post office.Sorry . I ’ m not sure .
Yes , I'd like to book a room at your hotel .
I'd like to book a single room with a bath from the afternoon of October 2nd to the morning of October 6th .
What is the rate , please ?
What services come with that ?
That sounds not bad at all . I'll take it .
Is he all right ? There's a big hospital just around the corner .
All right , sir . I'll have someone to take you there . By the way , is he insured ?
I'm glad to hear that . In case he's not insured , the hospital will never accepts any patient .
No problem at all ! I am taking a long road trip and I want to make sure my car is in good mechanical condition .
Not that long ago , I think it was four months ago .
Why ? I mean , what exactly do you do to a car that you need to check it so often ?
I see . What else ?
Ok , well , when you put it that way , it doesn ’ t seem like a waste of time and money .
Aisle A is where you'll find all the produce .
I don't know , but I'm sure the produce person can tell you .
My family really needs a car , we live quite far out of the town centre , but unfortunately we cannot afford to pay out such a large sum of money in one go .
Great , I just hope I qualify ! Could you tell me some more ? Can I use the money to buy the car from anywhere ?
Then I can go to this appointed dealer , see what they've got and then make a decision ?
What do you require ?
That sounds fine . If you could give me the name and address of the dealer I'll go over there now and see what they've got .
Do I have to wear ear muffs and gloves ? I am not used to working with them on .
OK . I'll go and get a pair of them .
How much is it ? Eight films and a bar of chocolate .
Can you accept a check ?
Here's two twenties.Keep the change .
Yes , of course . What is it ?
Okay , what should I do ?
Yes , of course . I have to go there every Tuesday .
What's the presentation about ?
Will you need anything special for the presentation ?
I suppose you need the whiteboard set up .
did you get the position you wanted ?
I'm glad to hear that . Congratulations !
sure , but you really did great and outperformed the others . You deserved it !
you always have unique ideas and you're such a team leader .
that's very nice of you to say so . I'll try my best . When will you start at the new position ?
so by then , you'll be in charge of the whole department .
You want to make sure it's good solid habit before anything else takes its place , like work ?
And where are we going to go ?
Are we going all out or just starting with a mini family vacation ?
Well , I was looking in this magazine the other day and cruises are not very expensive at all . Take a look at this !
You did a fabulous job .
That's what I'm telling you .
You did mess up a little on one thing .
You had a little trouble on your parallel parking .
That's something that you really need to work on .
You're still going to get it .
First , I'd make sure that we have a good , local , corporate lawyer . He or she will know all the local laws and regulations .
I think that we should send one of our HR people to do that . I don ’ t think we should use an agency , because they won ’ t be familiar with the type of people we employ . Have we decide on the location of the branch office ?
Why didn ’ t we choose an office in the CBD ?
Yes . We ’ Ve signed two contracts with companies that we already do work for in other countries . We hope to sign another three this month .
Hopefully next month . Everything is a little rushed . We should be able to set up our branch office and expand our business quickly .
Yes , it has . We ’ re going to target the business community through business magazine .
I'd like to cash this check , please .
Yeah . Here's my identification card .
Actually , I want to buy some traveler's checks .
Twenties would be fine .
Yes , please .
Come on . I stand behind you .
Well , he looked sharp and he came across as a very confident guy .
She looked a little rough around the edges but had great skills .
He was very distinguished , maybe a bit over-qualified .
Why don't you go over the resumes again ? They might help you decide who to hire .
Sure , Emily . How can I help you ?
That ’ s fine , as long as you can get that report typed up before you leave .
Come in , please .
Yes . The television is not working properly .
The remote control doesn't work . I turned on the television , but I can't change the channel .
That's great .
No , thanks .
OK . Thank you .
Thanks , Frank . I ’ d love to come . When is it ?
Sounds like fun . You can count me in ! Just give me directions to the restaurant .
OK . I am hungry , too . I like their milkshake . They're very creamy and tasty .
Yup . But , this also means we have to wait to order our food .
Well , sounds very attractive . I just tried their vanilla milkshake last time , and it was really delicious .
OK , I think I know what to order for my lunch now . But , eating too much fried food really makes me fat .
That's true . You can hear my tummy grumbling . I am really hungry !
Ok !
Give me six-piece chicken nuggets , a large fries , and a large coke .
That's fine .
Here's 20 .
Thanks .
no , what's it about ?
she's very generous with her money . I think that's because she was poor when she was young .
I'd believe it . She owns magazines , television shows and she has a huge fan base .
did they mention that in the article ?
that's really commendable . I think more celebrities should use their money to help people like Oprah has .
it's amazing how much money they can spend . I heard Britney Spears once spent $ 24,000 a night on a hotel room !
I worked as a personnel manager in a state-owned company , and then I transferred to a joint venture as a sales manager . So I am familiar with the exile market in China .
They treated me very well . We cooperated harmoniously and respected each other .
I have learned some skills about how to deal with clients and how to behave myself as a personnel manager .
I prefered working with other colleagues when I worked in my previous company . I think teamwork and cooperation are very important . No matter how competent he or she is in a company , he can't do without them .
Two rows up on the right . We have various kinds of chocolates .
$ 10 a kilo .
Yes .
Thank you for calling me . I will be there on time .
Bye .
Hi , Sean . It ’ s Mary in Mr . Emory ’ s office . I placed an order for 1,000 bound copies of a staff manual last week .
Well , I was hoping you would do me a big favor . That was supposed to be a rush order , I forgot to tell you . I ’ m getting a lot of flak from my boss .
Good morning .
I'm running a high fever and feeling terribly bad .
Since last night .
Fine . But can you tell me how to get to the Medical Department , please ?
Thanks a lot .
Not yet , Mom . Why are you on such a cleanliness kick anyway ?
Oh , my God , I forgot grandma's coming !
... I know I'll be killed if I pee on the toilet seat .
Good morning . I'd like to reserve some rooms for a tourist party .
You see , we are tourists whose requests are different , so please tell me more about it , will you ?
That's great . I'd like to book four single rooms , five double rooms and three suites .
From tomorrow till January 8th . That's five days in all .
Here you are . Is everything OK ?
OK . Here you are .
Thank you . By the way , is there any preferential rate for the party ?
That's wonderful . Thank you .
umm ... yeah ! I ’ m looking for a nice gift to give my girlfriend . Our fifth anniversary ’ s next Friday .
No , not really ... I ’ m completely at a loss .
That purple one . I ’ m sorry ... I ’ Ve never bought jewellery for anyone and I ’ m kind of nervous .
Oh ... wow . That ’ s really pretty.Jess would love that . But ... I was thinking of something a little more delicate , perhaps a necklace ?
Jess ? Well , she ’ s very smart , and has a great sense of humor . She ’ s very feminine ...
Well ... actually ... I was thinking about asking Jess to marry me ... I ’ Ve just been so nervous .
Okay , I ’ Ve decided . I ’ m going to pop the question !
Hello , could I speak to Mr . Wang , please ?
This is Mr . Smith of XYZ Company . When will he be back ?
Yes , Please tell him I called and ask him to return my call as soon as possible . It's about the PPT contract .
Hi , I was just coming to see you.But since you made the trek to my office , you get to go first .
Well , I can try , what do you need ?
Sure , no problem.But I need something from you .
I'm supposed to have this package ready for mailing out tomorrow morning and I'm miles away from being ready.Can you edit this product study I wrote while I do these ?
That works for me .
Here's a print out of the study , and this is a disc with the full report on it.The file name is product study , this is and extra copy so you can do whatever you want with it .
I see . When are you travelling ?
Is that a return journey or just one-way ?
Ok . That will be 1400RMB please .
It ’ s about three hours .
He spoke evil behind his back .
Someone told joe off .
Sure . He ’ ll get the bag . I think .
I'm figuring out my budget .
I'm making a shopping budget , so that I don't spend too much money .
I can only spend $ 300 a month .
I need to save the rest .
I need to pay my bills .
I know . It's going to save me a lot of money , I hope .
Who ’ s calling , please ?
Hold on a second , please .
Hello ! Is there anything I can help you with ?
Go straight then turn right , and you will see a big bus station there .
You are welcome !
Not really . What ’ s up ?
I ’ m kind of useless in that area , but I ’ ll take a look at it .
Hello , Miao Ping . Yes , it has . I've been in Saudi Arabia for the last 6 weeks on business . I did have a little time to relax in Dubai , though .
I need to effect a payment under my L / C . Not the old one , the new one my Assistant came in and dealt with last week .
It's DG193445782100 . Can you find it ?
But where do I get a ticket ?
Oh , I wish I didn ’ t have so much to carry .
What's wrong with it ?
How long have you been having this problem ?
Does the internet come up at all ?
Well , the internet isn't down , so there must be something wrong with your connection .
I'll send somebody over right away to fix it .
They should be there in the next hour .
Well , these things happens , I know that . You just have to stay straight with me .
Well , I suggest you just keep me posted.That should do it.That way the burden is on me to decide when to buy , not you .
Yeah , it really is that simple.Every time there's a change in the items we do business on , you let me know . That's all you need to do .
No , any change . I want you to keep me as informed as you are . I need to know as much as you do . If you hear about something that might happen , then tell me about it.Tell me it's rumor , what it's based on and your opinion on how likely it is .
No , everthing.Those things for sure , but also labor problems , raw materials , new subcontractors , mergers , in short , anything and everything.So I can make a fully informed decision .
I think we'll get along fine .
Good idea .
I was wondering if you guys also tailor clothes ?
Well , I ’ m looking to get a custom-made suit .
Can you make sure you leave a little extra space in the collar ? My neck gets easily irritated .
You might also want to leave a little extra room in the waist area . I tend to gain a few pounds over the holidays .
Just fill out this form , will you ?
How would you like it ?
Here you are . Thank you .
I was wondering if you guys also tailor clothes ?
Well , I ’ m looking to get a custom-made suit .
Can you make sure you leave a little extra space in the collar ? My neck gets easily irritated .
You might also want to leave a little extra room in the waist area . I tend to gain a few pounds over the holidays .
Please yourself .
No , thank you , I am not interested .
I wish I could , but I have to walk the dog and finish cooking so if you would excuse me .
Wow , that would be kind of useful , do you have any other cooking magazines ?
Wow , this is nice ! Ok , sign me up for both publications .
That is exactly what I needed ! What else do you have ?
Here you are .
Sure . I think filet steak will be a good choice . It's the best local food .
I got a ticket , and I would like to fight it .
He's here .
The officer says that I ran a red light , but I didn't .
He must've , because the signal had a camera on top of it .
I don't believe it took my picture .
I appreciate that .
Yes , it is . As you know , some of the materials we use are highly-flammable so we have a very strict non-smoking policy in the factory .
It means there must be no naked flames or sparks anywhere near flammable materials . If the materials ignite , it could cause a serious fire and the fumes they give off can be very dangerous if you inhale them .
We offer a reduction of 50 % and comes to $ 10 .
Well , here you are .
Of course .
First of all , as far as I know , your company has had impressive records in business . Second , I want to enter the foreign trade field .
I am in charge of marketing activities in South-East Asia , for example , organizing trade conferences and arranging exhibitions .
And the winner is ... Vivian , again ! I don't believe it !
Well , there are still some consolation prizes . We can go up to the front and pick them up .
A lousy desk lamp . And you ?
Look at Vivian ! She thinks she's the cat's meow !
I'd like to speak to the Ms . Collins , please .
this is Nathaniel Brown .
I'd like to talk to her about my accommodation situation .
ok .
sure . Can you have her call me back on my cell phone number ?
it's 0-7- 7-8- 7-3- 6-7- 6-8- 8 .
no , there's no double six at the of the number . It's just zero , double seven , eight , seven , three , six , seven , six , double eight .
anytime before 6 pm tonight .
thank you !
bye !
Mr . Smith is not in his office . I am afraid he will not be back before 3 pm . Would you care to speak to Mr . Brown who takes all the calls in his absence ?
OK , I'll tell him that you called .
Hello , I called earlier regarding interest rates on loans . Sorry , I just have a couple more questions .
What if I require a loan for a short period of time ?
Say , 6 months ? Or less in fact . I want to repay the loan ASAP ; I don't like debt hanging over my head .
What if I repay it early . Any perks ?
So , the quicker I pay it back , the more I can save in interest ? That's excellent . Thanks so much for your information . I'll come in shortly to take the relevant steps for the loan .
I assure you , that's not a problem . What is your full name , please ?
It's a pleasure to assist you . Please tell me when you'll be needing the room , sir .
Sir , our room prices are slightly higher than you may have thought . Will that be okay ?
Only $ 308 per night , before taxes , of course .
Now , as for the room , sir , do you prefer smoking or nonsmoking ?
Nonsmoking . Now , sir , does a single queen-size bed meet your approval ?
Queen , nonsmoking . Okay , sir , your room is reserved . Now if you'll just give me your phone number .
Thank you for making a reservation with us . We look forward to seeing you in April !
Sure , what's up ?
Really ? Why ?
But they wouldn't lay you off ! You are the most experienced project manager in the company .
Oh that's great , congratulations ! What's your new position ?
Sounds a great opportunity . I bet that made the decision to leave a lot easier .
Sure .
What concoction are you making ?
Awesome ! I'm in heaven . Let me help . They're so easy .
And then you just pour the batter into the waffle iron ...
How do you do , Mr.Black ? Very happy to see you .
Thank you , This is mine .
I am . I just went to the travel agent ’ s and picked up these brochures .
I fancy going to Tibet for a few days . Have you ever been there ?
Would you recommend going there for a few days ?
You ’ re probably right . What do you think about Yangshao ?
I ’ d like to get away from the big city life .
I guess if I only have a few days , I should probably think about going somewhere that isn ’ t so far away .
Thanks , I ’ ll give them a call later .
No problem . We can do it right now .
All right . Now what do I do ?
Which way do you want me to go ?
How far do you want me to go ?
Just make sure to tell me beforehand .
Well , that was fun . Let's do it again soon .
Why are you in such a hurry ?
Bye !
I'm OK .
OK , Well , I can teach you how I make them , which is the same way my father and grandmother make them , which is a little special .
First you take some eggs and crack them in a bowl , and whisk them up , quite , so they're quite high and fluffy , and in a hot pan , and you need a pan that's that's kind of small , that the sides go up at an angle . You put some oil and heat it up , so it's quite hot , and then you take your whipped up eggs , or whisked up eggs , and pour them into the pan , and as it's cooking , if you take a spatula , and push the bottom layer of the egg , to the side , to the sides , and then to the middle , so the uncooked egg gets to the bottom of the pan .
OK . And keep doing that until most of the egg is cooked so you should have a nice thick omelet and then flip it over , you'll only have to cook that side lightly . Put your fillings on the top and fold it over and let it sit just long enough to melt the cheese .
Mm , it is .
Um , well , if you want to do a real simple one , you can just use some pre-made salsa and cheese , and that's easy , or you can do something like cut up some ham and cheese , onions , tomatoes , mushrooms , anything that you like . If you want to make a spinach omelet then you have to add the cooked spinach to the egg mixture . So it's actually cooked in it . It's inside bacon and sour cream is nice and Jack cheese .
I see . You are in luck this month because all of our models are on sale ! it is a perfect time to buy a new car since it ’ s the end of the year .
That is the Ford Focus . A very light but powerful vehicle . It comes with dual side airbags , power steering and power windows , tinted windows and your choice of either automatic or manual transmission .
It is a very fuel efficient vehicle giving you about 34 miles in the city and 40 on the highway .
A very powerful 2.5- liter turbocharged engine , Trust me , this car is fast !
Very affordable sir . You can take it out of this lot today with 0 % down payment and no interest for the first year ! You can test drive it now and we can sign the papers when we get back .
Yes , there are 62 in totals , and 2 of them still can't be sure .
6 . So we should give them special attention . Some of them don't have a good health .
2 should be enough , for each one has at least 30 seats . There will be some seats to spare .
Yes , most of them think it's good . But , some people have different opinions . They consider we should arrange some challenging activities .
That's good . I'll tell them later . And what kind of medicine we should be prepared ?
OK , we should get them ready this afternoon .
Oh , God . I've almost forgotten . I'll get it done right away .
I'd be glad to .
What do we have for the dinner now ?
Do you feed rabbits ?
Where is my favorite white bread ? Is it in refrigerator ?
Do you prepare some dessert for me ?
Are you trying to change our eating patterns ?
Let me check . It has a paper jam .
Be careful , the cartridge can be very hot .
A haircut and a shave , please .
Short on both sides . Not so much off at the back .
Yes , please .
Well . I would like my hair cut shorter on the temples .
Yes , thanks .
No , thanks . But I'd like a facial massage .
Now where should I pay the money ?
Fine , thank you . There be five of us . The rest will be along shortly .
Non-smoking is fine , thank you .
Just water , please .
I wait , but please bring me some bread . Maybe I'd like to have some appetizer before they get here . Please give me the menu , and let me have a look .
I've looked at your units , and am very happy with them . Your goods are all far above standard quality .
Well , we're really interested in placing an order under negotiation . We can start the negotiations as soon as you want .
Fine . As well , would you mind if I asked to see the Loyd's surveyor report of your products ? I may have a few more questions about your quality analysis .
What ’ s the problem , Ms . Murphy ?
I ’ m sorry . Ms . Murphy . I ’ ll re-work it . Can I give it back to you this afternoon ?
I've got a Remittance Advice and I'd like to cash it .
Here you are . I'm here on business and this is from my boss , it's for my expenses so I need cash .
Yes , that's right .
Here's my passport . Is that OK ?
Is it really necessary to wear all this protective gear ?
How long will the tour take ?
Okay ...
You ? You are full of hot air .
Well , I remember walking pass the baker shop .
I'm afraid so . I don't remember you telling me about it .
What would you let me do now ?
Really ? You are so kind .
No . That's not enough . I've got some cereal .
Yes , sure . To be honest , nobody would like to work overtime . However , we have to if it is necessary for our company . I would do that if it is the call of duty .
OK , I completely understand .
Yes , speaking .
What stock do you want to buy and how many ?
Let me get the asking price of the stock . Just a moment . Oh , now the asking price is $ 90 each share . By the way , what is the offering price ?
Then the difference between the asking price and the offering price is $ 2 . It's hard to take place today .
You can decide by yourself .
So , now I will buy you . Are you sure ?
I'd like to apply for a credit card with you .
Oh , I'm not sure . What's the difference ?
Why such a big difference ?
My salary is pretty high and I've never had a problem with my credit rating in the past . Are there any perks of the platinum card ?
That's great ; my health club membership is about to expire .
Is This where I pay the airport tax ?
I'm sorry , but I've never done this before . How many what ?
My wife and me . The two of us .
Oh , OK . Here's 200 yuan .
Thanks . What shall I do then ?
Oh , I guess I'm a little confused .
Thanks a lot .
I think so .
Yes , yes . I've got all of that here .
Check , check and check .
Yes , that's one of the main things we are interested in . When do you think I can get hold of this report ?
No problem , I'll settle that now . You can take it from my Business Account .
Can I take a look at one of those ?
Can I take a picture of you ? Seeing is believing .
I think I can figure this out . Let's see if this works as advertised . Say ' cheese ! '
I think the quality of the photos will speak for themselves .
Let me see . I am sorry we just have sold it out .
I think so . Could I have you name , telephone number ? If we get one , I will call you .
Let me feel your forehead . I'm so glad it wasn't strep throat .
But I'm not sure you're strong enough yet . Here's some seafood rice soup I made . It's delicious .
But the last two days were a weekend .
Take the No . 7 bus . There's a bus stop just over there .
Yes . No need to change .
I'd like to see some coats . Would you recommend me some of them ?
Which models do you sell the most ?
I like this style , but I don't like its color . Do you have this coat in yellow ?
It looks nice .
well , I am a little bit out of shape . I think I should get some exercise to keep fit . what kind of service do you offer ?
how can you get that done ?
what else ?
sounds pretty good . How much do you charge ?
perhaps one month . I'll just have a try at first .
OK , I'll take it .
You are lucky , sir . We are about to set out . It's a tour to the White House .
2 hours . You won't get late for your train .
What's the difference ?
You must have bought many things in the mall ?
It's wise to do it . The Americans have the habit of selling their junk when they are moving to another place , so they usually display all the things they want to sell in their gardens at the weekend . And many things they are selling still look quite new and they are also very useful .
You must have got many useful things for your new apartment .
Oh , okay . I can get it back when I move out , right ?
All right . Here's the lease and the check for the deposit .
Of course .
It's made of genuine ivory , besides , it's of exquisite workmanship . The price is marked 200 yuan .
Thank you . I am very happy to have this opportunity to learn something new . You know information and knowledge in this field update very fast .
Yes , according to the agenda , there will be a seminar on these issues at the very beginning of the training course .
I will do my best .
Sorry , darling , I forgot .
I promise you'll have it tomorrow .
I want to get my car washed .
I don't know what you mean .
Do you wash windows ?
What about the interior ?
Sounds good , regular car wash package will be OK .
Not yet . I am looking for a black suitcase .
Yes . I would prefer Nike .
Thank you .
No thanks . We just need our check . Have you seen the waitress ?
The service here has been really great , don't you think ?
So , let's look at the check . The total is $ 36.00 .
Usually people leave 15 % , but this was exceptional service . I am thinking that maybe 20 % would be appropriate .
OK , so that will bring her tip to $ 7.20 . Add it to the $ 36.00 and the total is $ 43.20 .
We'll have to make sure to come back here again real soon .
Let me just park my car in a better position . Alright , miss . Where ’ s the luggage ?
I'm going to the hospital to see Susan .
Must I catch a number 7 bus to get there ?
Number 13 buses run much more frequently , don't they ?
Thank you , Henry . I'll get a number 13 .
Oh , that's right . You are supposed to deliver a brief on that account tomorrow . I know there are some things I need to share with you about that . But , gosh , I don't know ... Things are really busy for me today , the only time I can manage to squeeze out might be over lunch break ...
It's okay ... I've already had several days in a row working through lunch ...
You don't have to do that ...
Actually I do like Chinese ... Let's make it a date for Chop Suey and the Martin account at about twelve thirty . Does that sound good ?
Yes , sir . For what time ?
OK , sir . Five persons at 7:00 .
Sorry , sir . We have only tables in the main dinning room left .
Yes , the pain comes more intense when the weather is bad . And the pain comes intense when I walk too much .
Yes , I have .
Yes , ti does . Just like a needle prick . Besides , the place that hurts often feels cold , too .
Yes , I do .
By the way , does acupuncture hurt ?
Yes . Let's start today .
Yes .
Thank you for calling me . I will be there on time .
Bye .
Yes . I would like to go to New York for my Christmas vacation .
1 week . Would you recommend me scenic spots to see there ?
That's fantastic .
I think you'd better take the No . 16 bus . It can take you right there .
Every fifteen minutes .
The No . 2 bus also goes to the railway station . You may take it .
The bus stop is not far from here . Go straight on and you can easily find it .
You are welcome .
OK , may I have your key ?
Was everything satisfactory ?
You have stayed here for 3 nights , that's $ 230 .
Someone ought to clean it today .
No , he cleaned it last time . It's your turn .
Oh dear , is it really my turn ? In that case , I'll clean tomorrow .
Then I'll clean it the day after tomorrow .
Yes , please .
Actually , I'd like a booth by the window if that's possible .
This will be fine , thanks .
Thank you .
I agree . And it's very convenient .
Really ? That's great ! I'm going to try that next time .
Yes . I had a bad traffic accident.Look , my car looks like a squashed coke can .
No , I didn't . That car was too fast .
I don't remember .
40 miles per hour .
Just straight .
No , I didn't get hurt . Thanks for your concern .
Yes .
I am afraid I can't attend the press conference due to an urgent conference with the Board of Directors at half past four .
Yes , thank you very much . In addition , do you have the marketing proposal ready ?
You have a very good taste , sir . Would you like to try it on ?
Here you are
It's just around the comer .
Yes . One moment , please .
Yes , I need to buy a computer for this semester . I was told it is cheaper to buy computers here .
I don't know much about computers . But I know I want a desktop computer with a lot of memory . And I need a printer .
Is that a lot ? Sixty-four ?
History .
Thirty percent ?
Wow . That's really good . And you think this is really a good system for a graduate student ?
Hmm . Hey , wait . This has an Apple on it . Is this an Apple computer ?
I don't want Macintosh . I want PC .
What ? Are you serious ?
But nobody uses Macintosh !
Yes , I'm from Taiwan .
But I need a computer that can handle writing in Chinese .
Hmm . I think I should ask some of my friends for advice before I make a decision . I'm sorry .
Well , thanks for your advice . I will probably come back later .
Yes , I did . By the way , in case there is a flaw in this CD player , can I return it ?
Is there a charge for that . I know other stores have a restocking fee .
Thank you .
Thanks . I'll put it in a safe place .
How many pieces of baggage have you lost ?
Can you tell me the features of your baggage ?
Don't worry . We will look it for you right now .
I worked as a personnel manager in a state-owned company , and then I transferred to joint venture as a sales manager . So I am familiar with the food market in China .
They treated me very well . We cooperated harmoniously and respected each other .
I have learned some skills about how to deal with clients and how to behave myself as a personnel manager .
I preferred working with other colleagues when I worked in my previous company . I think teamwork and cooperation are very important . No matter how competent he or she is in a company , he can ’ t do without them .
When was your reservation ?
Would you mind telling me the reason ?
Oh , I see . Would you like me to reschedule you for another time ?
But you have to pay the fee for refund .
Sure.It will depart 2 hours later .
That's $ 150 .
Of course.Right now it is the slack season , we will give you ten percent off .
I am sorry , there is no difference .
I ’ m looking for a job . Are you hiring ?
Superintendent .
Do you have any other positions available ?
What is it ?
Can I apply for it right now ?
No kidding ! When did that happen ?
Oh , no .
Sixty two cars . Oath . Do they know how many casualties yet ?
That's amazingly low for such a huge accident !
Oh , my computer crashed again !
That would be great ! I hate working with computers !
What part hurts ?
Well , maybe you broke it . But what I'm worried about is this cut .
C'mon . Just don't move .
We don't have a decent First Aid Kit , do we ?
There's some tape , iodine , and cloth bandages . I don't think the cloth bandages can stop the bleeding . What we need is a tourniquet .
Good plan . Let me put some iodine on the cut .
Alright , alright . How did you cut this so bad ?
We'll have to get you to a hospital . I can ride you on the back of my bike .
Yes , I almost slid too.Alright . This tourniquet is tight . How does it feel ?
Alright , I'm twisting it around . You tell me when to stop .
Mike , you're late again .
Do you think I believe the story like that ?
How can believe it if the same excuse was used twice within a week ?
Ok , hold it . Remember to be punctual next time 。
You'd better .
If the goods are to be transshipped from one means of transportation to another during the course of the entire voyage , it's called ' combined transportation ' .
It's simpler and cheaper to arrange multi-model combined transportation .
I've got several good reasons . I've been here several years , my work has proven to be good , and I've noticed that people in comparable jobs get paid more than I do .
Well , I've noticed all the new cars around here , for one thing .
That's understandable . Well , rather than comparing my salary with someone else's , perhaps we could talk about my job performance . Surely you've noticed the extra hours I've put in recently ?
That would be very good of you , Mr . White .
Yes , is there something wrong ?
So sorry , I must have confused the orders . I'll check it .
I'm really sorry , I'll bring you a hot one right away .
What are you getting ?
Don ’ t forget to also get a new mixer . I lent the old one to my brother and he broke it .
I ’ m actually thinking of completely refurnishing the kitchen and getting a new stove , oven , dishwasher and trash compacter .
I need some help catching up . Are you good at typing or could you help me xerox ?
Thank you ! There are papers on the table to start with .
I really appreciate the help . How many years have you been with the company ?
I have a special assignment coming up . Would you be interested in helping me on it ?
I'll make sure that management keeps you in mind for special projects in the future . Thanks for the help !
I'm going to be studying overseas next year and I'd like some info about suitable loans . To be honest , I'm not even sure if I can get a loan .
Would I have to get my parents to guarantor the loan ?
I see . What about age limitations ?
Got it ! I fit into that category very nicely . That's great ! I'll have a chat with my parents and come back . Thanks very much .
Are you sure ? How do you know ?
Well , I heard that if you drink enough beer , you can speak foreign languages better ...
Maybe ...
Hello there . I need to buy some foreign currency for a business trip . How much can I exchange ?
OK , well , I'm going to Europe . I guess 1,000 USD will be sufficient for now .
I got laid off today .
Yeah .
My boss said I didn ’ t have enough skills to do the job well .
I ’ m going to start taking classes at the local community college to try to improve my skills . Then I ’ ll start looking for a new position .
Well , it's a short distance flight , so we don't serve meals . But there are some drinks .
Not at all . I was born in Madrid , but I came to the States when I was a teenager .
No , I haven ’ t been back for more than ten years .
Well , I'd like to buy a watch .
Yeah . But I think I'd prefer ...
Mm , yes , but I think I like that one better . It's made of gold , isn't it ?
How much is it ?
I wonder if it keeps good time .
How do I set it ?
All right . this suits my taste best . I'II take It .
We should be there by 5 this afternoon .
Well , it all depends on traffic from other arriving aircraft .
I taught English in a primary school in Beijing .
I am equipped with much experience in teaching for more than 30 years and I also edit teaching materials by myself .
Yes.You can use the computer to seta tima.Dial 10 and then time.For example.if you want to get up at 7:15 , you can dial 100715 .
Or we can call you tomorrow coming .
No problem . Good night .
Yes . But you have to transfer to Bus No . 28 .
At Tinge Depot .
I will remind you to get off .
My pleasure .
Yes , I'd like to move to another room .
Yes . The air-conditioner in this room doesn't work .
Wang Wei . Room 1212 .
All right .
Yes . No problem .
Yes , I have found three companies .
Yes , but the results are not so satisfying .
I asked the first company about the vacancy , but they had already hired someone .
The second one told me that the job information was released half a year ago , and had been overdue .
The last company is still hiring , but not recent graduates .
I feel terrible now .
Thanks for your support and care .
Please , call my John . Well , there ’ s a subway stop and bus station just around the corner . Do you have children ?
Well , in that case , the schools in this area are very good .
Oh , well . As far as other conveniences in the neighborhood , there ’ s a grocery store just up the block , and there ’ s lots of little shops nearby .
Here ’ s my card , just give me a call if you ’ re interested .
It depends where you live , sir .
Yes , we deliver there . But it costs two pounds fifty .
Morning or afternoon ?
It's huge .
Yes , of course .
No , my company makes cameras.Well , I'm also a photographer , but two of these are for our display .
Egg tarts .
I thought you meant vegetables and meat when you asked me . Things like that . I don't have any vegetables .
Confiscate ?
It's too bad . They are very delicious .
Oh , well . Not by me .
Thank you .
What !
Don't you dare tell me that ...
Well , they should have called you !
And you didn't think to leave them my cell phone ?
It's the holidays ! Everybody knows how hard it is to get tickets !
Trust you ! You can't even handle simple plane reservations !
Now what are you doing ?
Nasty . You'd better not rub your eyes .
And you'd better not cry or you'll have black streaks running down your face .
Just a few minutes . I need to make a list of the things that we need .
I forgot about the potatoes . Oh , I almost forget that we need a microwave oven badly . What kind of tea do you prefer ? Green tea or flower tea ?
We don ’ t have enough cash , but I ’ ll take my credit card .
I ’ m all right , thanks . Just a little tired .
Yeah , I got home around two .
Where are you now ?
What does your car look like ?
Didn't you just eat ?
We ate everything from dinner .
What are you going to make ?
Go make a sandwich .
Why don't you make a peanut butter and jelly sandwich ?
Maybe you should .
Yes , madam . I graduated from Tianjin College of Finance and Trade three years ago .
I took Accounting as my major .
I was in charge of cost price and sales revenue .
There are two reasons for me to do it . First , I'm sure that there will be more opportunities for advancement If I enter your enterprise . Secondly , I'd like to acquaint myself with American culture if possible .
Yes , madam . I know that I'll be expected , first of all , to work hard if I'm hired .
Yes , please .
I would like vegetable soup , please
Shrimp salad . And what kind of pie do you have ?
Then a piece of apple pie , please .
Icecream , please .
orange
I am sorry you don't like it , sir . But that's just the special point of the dish .
Yes , hope you can enjoy it .
What kind of wine do you offer ?
Thanks .
What do you recommend ?
I'd like to try something typically Chinese .
OK . Let me try it .
Thank you .
I'm just taking a break between washing the windows and cleaning the toilet .
I'm doing my best , Grandma ...
Uh-oh , here we go ...
My coach wants you to check my blood pressure .
I don ’ t have any symptoms of high blood pressure .
What test do you do for high blood pressure ?
When you get the reading , what information does it give you ?
I am hoping that this test goes well for me .
Yes . I ’ m looking for a winter jacket .
A medium is fine for me .
I don ’ t like the color .
Blue .
Yes . It ’ s nice . Can I try it on ?
Thank you . I ’ ll be right back .
No , there isn't , but there are some vegetables .
No , there aren't . I'm sorry .
There's a little bread and there are a few biscuits .
All right , I'll walk to the village and I'll get some meat .
You'll cook it of course !
Yes , not bad . Like turn your cell phone ringer off and find a private place to make calls which it ’ s showing your respect to your co-workers .
Well , this one is not compulsory . It is just suggestion .
No , thank you . I don't need any . You see , I'm on a diet .
Yes , coffee , please .
Have you just started getting a lot of headaches ?
Have you had any unusually stressful situations in your life lately ?
I ’ m sorry . How about sleep ? Are you getting enough rest ?
Have you bumped your head or fallen lately ?
I am going to send you to a neurologist for a few tests .
I will , mom . Don ’ t worry .
Sure ! I can help you . Do you know where the timesheets are kept ?
Well , once you get one off the shelf over there , you first put your name on it . OK ?
Now you have to fill in the hours in the blanks and total the hours for the week . Do you know how to use military time ?
OK , so we just start counting hours at midnight and record it . Show all minutes as a dot and then write how many minutes . OK ?
After you total your hours , make sure you sign it and turn it in to your supervisor .
Good luck and let me know if you need any help later on .
Fill it up with regular , please .
No , thanks . I'm in a hurry .
Good ! How much is it ?
That is expensive .
Oh John , I thought we said we would start eating right ! Remember ? Our new healthy lifestyle ? That ’ s all junk food !
Well , healthy food , of course ! I got some whole wheat bread , skimmed milk , fresh fish and organic carrots ...
They were grown without using any chemicals that are harmful to our health . And yes , John , we need organic carrots ...
Yup , better for the environment and better for us !
I like doughnuts .
Not yet . Do we need to take it with us ?
Is that hard to get a passport ?
It is hard to believe this little thing is so valuable to us .
I would like to know the state of the residential property market right now because I have an apartment to sell .
Really ? Since I have to go back to England within the next few months , I would like to sell my apartment as soon as possible .
Flat C . 15 / F , Tong House , Tai Koo Shing .
Its gross area is approximately nine hundred square feet . There's one living room , one dining room , one master bedroom and two other bedrooms .
It faces south with a hillside view .
I would like to ask for four point five million Hong Kong dollars .
Johnson , and my contact number is 2876543 2 . My office number is 2123456 7 .
In about one month .
No problem .
Thank you .
I have to say , my favorite movie is Superbad .
Honestly , it is one of the funniest movies I've seen in a long time .
I didn't think you saw that movie .
I was laughing through the whole movie .
Same here .
Of course .
I am Looking for a T-shirt .
What kind of material is this ?
Can I try it on ?
OK . Do yon have a pen and a paper now ?
Our company is in Pudding new area in Shanghai .
No , not yet . I just want to hair cut .
I want it short .
I mean very short . shorter than it ’ s now .
No . you can cut quite a bit off , I like it to be very short all over . You see what I mean .
Yes . And Chinese style .
No , thank you .
No , Nothing will be kind .
That ’ s very good .
The headlines are all about the presidential election in the united states . Few other stories made the front pages .
There ’ s an interesting feature article in the chronicle about doing business in china and the daily news has printed a report about the special economic zone near pairs . We have a subsidiary company located there .
Generally , the reporters take positive lines . They do point out a few problems that we need to be aware of , but there ’ s nothing worrying in the reports . In the classifieds , one of our competitors is advertising for people who speak Japanese .
Not really . They all seem to focus on the election . There have been several letters printed in the chronicle regarding that controversial article on drugs that they printed last week .
Sure . There you are .
Do you know what package you want to get ?
We have movie channel packages .
You can get the sports package .
We have that package .
Is there anything else you would like ?
You will be able to add or get rid of channels another day .
Do you want to sent this letter by ordinary or registered mail ?
Anything valuable in it ?
In that case , you ’ d better have it registered .
Yes . When your friend gets it , he ’ ll sent the receipt which you send it by mail . then you can be sure he ’ s received .
Why ? it doesn't make sense . If we do the floors first , and then paint the walls , we will get paint all over our new floor .
Are you sure ?
Alright . Then maybe we can do the floor first . These wood floors under this carpet are beautiful . And me too — — I can't wait to get all this old carpet out of here . But how can we get it out ? Do we have to hire someone ?
Great . Then , after we remove the carpet , we need to redo all the wood floors . Right ?
And then , after the floors are done , we can start to move our furniture in .
Whatever meal that you plan on making .
I do all the cooking .
Save it . If you want something to eat , then make it yourself .
I had a long day today . I really am not in the mood to make anything .
Thanks . I'm going to go take a nap .
Thank you .
Sure , just ask . What can I do for you ?
No sweat . It ’ s a piece of cake .
Absolutely . I ’ m a great mechanic .
Anytime .
Hello there . I need some advice about personal finance . Could you help me please ?
Well , I've been very busy recently and I'm having trouble keeping up to date with everything , so I just wondered what exact service you offer .
That sounds perfect and just what I'm looking for .
I'd like a coke .
Okay .
Red .
The Cross Bakery building ? Oh sure . You're actually walking in the opposite direction .
No , east is the other direction . To get to the Bakery , you need to turn around and go three blocks to Broadway . When you get to the intersection of Broadway and Elm , you hang a left . Go straight down that street for half a block and then you'll see the building on your left .
Yeah , you've got it . Do you want me to show you the way ?
This is Mary speaking . Who is that ?
Yes , I do , but today I went shopping and have only just come back . It is very nice to hear your voice , Bob . I didn ’ t know you were in New York .
Yes , I am going to meet a client .
I am sorry , Bob . If you had told me you were coming up , I would have kept tonight free . But you didn ’ t tell me .
I thought Henry usually did the conferences .
I ’ m free tomorrow but I suppose that will be too late .
I ’ d like to . But Bob , are you sure it will be all right ? I would hate you to make your boss angry or even lose your job .
Why did you stay an extra night in Boston ? What happened ?
See you tomorrow .
Do you have reservations ?
Very Wang sir , smoking or no smoking ?
Of course , this way please .
That cup is for a urine sample .
This particular test calls for you to urinate into the cup after you have urinated a little into the toilet .
You need to leave the cup in the cubby in the restroom , and the lab tech will get it from the other side .
If there are bacteria in your urine , it could mean an infection somewhere .
Your doctor will be contacting you with the results .
I ’ m going to down town .
My boy wants me to buy a toy , so I think I ’ d better satisfy him .
There is none now because he likes to destroy toys .
Yes , I am annoyed by this , too .
Yes , I think so .
Well , there are lots of things to consider . Quality and delivery times are as important as price . We also take into consideration technical support and after-sales service . We look for companies with a good track record . We place a few trial orders and if everything goes well , we put them on our approved list . It's important to choose companies you feel you can work closely with .
I see . Well , now you can have it as long as you bring it back by nine thirty .
I ’ m afraid not , Nick . That ’ s the best I can do .
I'd like to get a good RPG . Can you recommend any ?
This one looks pretty good , but I'd like to see more before I make up my mind . Do you have any other suggestions ?
Hmm , it's a tough choice , but I think I'll go with this one .
Yes , speaking .
Hold on a minute please . I ’ ll have my assistant check that part .
We may be sold out of them . Let me check the back . ( The clerk goes to the storeroom , returning a few minutes later . ) I'm afraid we're out of stock . Would you like a rain check ?
Let me get the manager to sign one for you .
It ’ s nice to meet you ! Guess we ’ ll be working together .
Good . Well , welcome aboard , Ms , Robbins .
Here is the notice .
Sure , here you are .
Same here , Ms . Drake . I've been looking forward to this .
No , no , no , not at all , you were right on time . I was early . I hope I didn ’ t rush you . I ’ m glad for the opportunity to interview with you .
I ’ m fine , thank you .
Great , that ’ s why I ’ m here .
( beep ) This is Miriam Lavalle – that's spelt L , A , V , A , L , L , E . It's about an appointment I made with Simon Meredith . I'm afraid I'm going to have to change it . Can you call me ? The number is 01563 566 770 . Thank you .
We have a three-shift system - that's three eight-hour shifts each weekday . We're shut at weekends . This week I'm on the early shift .
Yes , sometimes . I don't like working nights I have problems sleeping during the day .
We're going to pay by check .
If you think it is necessary .
OK , no problem .
Yeah . Can I look at this ring ?
I believe I am a six .
Would you have any necklace that would go well with this ?
There's no price tag on this necklace .
This necklace is a little short . Do you have one that is longer ?
This one is much better . Can I try on the ring with this necklace ?
Let me think about it .
Thank you for all the help .
I'm not sure . What's the difference ?
Mostly just to browse the Internet and send emails to friends .
I'd like to buy a pair of leather shoes .
Size 38 or 39 .
But they are a little tight , They Pinch .
I know.But can you show me a little larger size ?
This pair fits me perfectly . I feel comfortable .
NO !
Okay , okay , what do you want ?
Um .. I don ’ t think so . I need the car tonight to pick up your mother .
Who's this Eric guy ?
No can do ... sorry .
No way !
I guess there is some kind of virus seeking into my computer , I can ’ t send out this e-mail . Do you have the number of the text port ?
Of course not , I appreciate that .
I see . What can I do now ?
The salmon is good toady , it's very fresh .
It's cooked with lemon and savored with rice .
You're meal also include soup and salad .
French onion soup , sir , what dressing would you like for your salad ?
Where shall I put it , miss ?
But Peter and Tony put all their paper in the basket a few moments ago.Now it's full .
Yes , miss .
In the playground , miss .
No , I'm not .
I was just robbed !
Someone just robbed me .
He took all my things , but he didn't hurt me .
I need to make a statement at the police station .
Thanks .
Of course .
With pleasure . I think we should go to the palace first .
I'm glad to help you . What's wrong ?
I'm sorry to hear it . What's wrong with her ?
You need a babysitter .
I could have Suzy stay at my place .
Why not ?
I know who we can ask . There is a girl I know , Sara Ralston.She is 17 , and she will usually take this kind of job . I know her from my church , and I trust her completely .
I'll get you her number . I hope she can do it . She is very responsible .
I'll go home and get Sara's number . I'll call her first myself .
Er ... Hum ... Got it .
Right !
I see what you mean . That was pretty easy after all .
They will be ready this afternoon .
Is that right ? We are very sorry
I ’ m afraid ... be can returned by eleven o ’ clock .
Yes , we ’ ll do so .
The Scholar ? Let me see . Oh ... yes , Of course I know . It ’ s in the Lincoln Square .
Oh , yes . It ’ s just a few minutes walk . Turn left at the traffic light , and you ’ ll see it .
Yes , I want to deposit 1000 Yuan in my bank account .
OK ... Here you are . Any problem on that ?
Yes , I do . Here it is , and the cash .
Sure .
Yes . Can you tell me what the interest rate is now ?
Thanks .
Yes , but not here . Have you got registered yet ?
The registration office . Did you bring your records with you ?
Is anybody here with you ? Parents or siblings ?
You are a brave kid . Go ahead to the registration office first , then to the doctors .
It's in the hall on the first floor .
No , kid . This is the gynecology department .
Yeah , It's only for girls .
It's no problem . I have time today , and I think it's important that you find a good place .
So what do you see in there ?
Can you afford that much ?
Yes , an efficiency is a small apartment.Usually one large room and a small bathroom.There is often a small kitchen too . So it's good for one person .
That means the apartment has furniture in it .
Sometimes it's good , sometimes it's bad . You have to like the furniture .
It's still pretty expensive .
Alright . What's the phone number ?
Got it . What else do you see ?
No . It probably means they have a large apartment.Probably a living room , kitchen and three bedrooms.They need someone for the empty bedroom .
Yes , it might be an advantage for you . You are a foreigner , after all.If they're alright roommates , you could learn a lot from them .
Got it.Let ' s call these two and see if we can make appointments to see the apartments .
Don't mention it , Larry . What are friends for anyway ?
How long have you been like this ?
I think you've got the flu . There's a lot of it going around .
Get this prescription filled and go straight to bed .
What's the matter ?
Well , if there is anything I can do to help , let me know .
Sure , sir . But can I suggest a cup of warm water instead , I think it may help settle your stomach down .
You can find an airsick bag in the seat pocket in front of you .
You are welcome . I'll be back with the warm water in a minute .
What is it ?
Okay .
How late can we stay out ?
But if we're going to be late ?
It's the key for the safety deposit box .
You're welcome , glad to be of assistance .
I want to buy a skirt , but I have no idea which one to buy .
I don't like to keep up with joneses .
I think this suits me . Can I try it on ?
Is everything OK ?
What exactly seems to be the matter ?
Do you think that you should go to the Student Health Center ?
Do you need someone to drive you home ?
Well , go home and rest up . Make sure you check the website for your assignments .
yes , but I didn't really like the third one at all .
yeah . Even though the customs were brilliant , I didn't think it was as good as the first two . What did you think ?
did you read the books before you watched the movies ?
yes , I've read them many times . I think it's much easier to follow for people who were already familiar with all the characters .
I also think that it was much better in the theatre than at home .
that happens a lot in non-English speaking countries .
actually , they not only had 11 nominations , but they won 11 Oscars , too !
A double cheeseburger sounds good .
Yes , please .
I would love large curly fries .
Yes , let me have a medium Pepsi .
Yeah , that's it . Thank you .
Here you go . Thank you very much .
What ’ s that ?
Oh , sorry . I ’ ll put it out .
Wonderful . That's a place famous for its arts .
Surely it will be . By the way , when will we get there ?
It ’ s a programme about islam . It ’ s very interesting .
They are muslims on a pilgrimage to mecca . Muslims call this pilgrimage haj .
Muslims believe that every man who is able should go on a haj at least once in his life . Mecca is the spiritual centre of the muslim faith .
That ’ s right . Unfortunately , so many people go on the haj each year that there are often stamped and people get killed .
That ’ s right . That ’ s when accidents often happen . The Saudi government tries to limit the number of pilgrims , to reduce the chances of accidents .
Yes . In England , Christian pilgrims might go to Canterbury and many Christians go to the Vatican on pilgrimages .
I think that place is Lourdes . There are many stories of people being healed after visiting there .
Personally . I think that people believe they will be healed and that faith causes a change in their mind that cures them . I don ’ t think place is magical in any way .
I hope they ’ re not too hard !
I think that I would be a perfect fit in this company . I have a unique combination of strong technical acumen , and outstanding soft skills . you know , I excel at building strong , long-term customer relationships . For example , when I headed the customer support department in my previous company , our team solved about seventy percent of our customers ’ problems . I decided that we needed better information and technical preparation on our products , so after I implemented a series of training sessions in coordination with our technical department , we were able to solve ninety percent of our customers ’ issues . Given the opportunity , I could bring this kind of success to this company .
I struggle with organization and time management . Punctuality has never been a strength of mine . I find it hard to organize my time efficiently . I have actually addressed this weakness recently , by attending a workshop on efficient time management . It helped me a lot , by providing me with great insights on how to get organized and use my time efficiently , so I think I ’ m getting better now .
Great , thanks a lot ! I hope to hear from you ! Good bye .
Hey , it's an English song ! Sing with us , Ryan !
Everyone in Taiwan knows it . Come on ! Sing with us !
It will be fine .
No , don't give it another thought .
Good .
Splendid .
That's an excellent idea .
Yes , you're at the right stop .
Are you new here ?
Have you got small change ? They require exact fare .
One yuan . When you get on the front of the bus , just drop your money into the box .
It runs every ten minutes . Oh , here comes the bus .
I am sorry , sir , it's not allowed .
Of course . You can get it at the entrance .
I'd like to sit in the rear .
Yes
Wine , please .
Something real Australian .
Yes . That would be fine .
I'll have Chicken and Ginger Burger with Chilli Dressing .
Yes , I'd like to look at some suits .
Size 41 . I want something in dark flannel .
It feels all right.But if it were a darker color , I'd like it better.This seems too light for winter.Do you think you could get me one ?
It looks good.But can I try it on ?
Thanks.It ' s comfortable.Well , how much is it , please ?
Ok . I'll take it.Here ' s the money .
I have been a Production Manager .
3 years .
I had introduced an advanced product line , which increased the output and lessened the cost .
Frankly speaking , three . If your company employs me , it will be my fourth .
Yes . I was awarded the title of Advanced Worker last year .
Although I could not say that everything is perfect there , I still very much appreciate what the company has given me , especial many chances .
They would say I am a responsible friend and a capable colleague .
Yes , I have brought them with me . Here they are .
I think that you have covered all the important points already.But if I have any questions later I will contact you .
How long will it take to make five hundred ?
Good .
Well , you'd better sit down for this . It has been terminal lung cancer .
We ’ ll try our best , but you'd better prepare for the worst .
I have said that we will try our best . You can trust us . But you know her situation .
About half a year .
No . But it will be soon . Look , there are two empty seats over there . Let ’ s get them before somebody else does .
Now , Let ’ s make ourselves comfortable since we have got quiet a long way to go .
Yes , of course.Would you like to walk there or take a bus ?
It's just about ten minutes ' walk . Go along this street , on the third cross you'll find it on your left .
Not at all .
The price quoted is for CIF .
Yes , that is correct . We will arrange for the shipping costs and insurance policy .
Yes , we could also make this arrangement , , if you prefer .
That looks good . The room in the picture is bigger than your bedroom , so you wouldn ’ t be able to put all the furniture in your room .
You would fit both of them in your bedroom . Perhaps you could also get the dressing table . I think that one would look good in your bedroom .
Everything in this magazine seems expensive . You could probably find something similar in a discount furniture store .
You can get cheap carpets easily . Another idea is to buy a rug . That would cover a lot of the carpet and you wouldn ’ t have to replace the carpet . It would save you a lot of work .
They're in aisle 2A , down that way .
Yes , they're in ... let me think ... Aisle 3B , if I remember right .
Don't mention it .
Pleased to meet you , Mr . Farley .
OK May I ask whether there is probation ?
No , thank you . I don't like soup . I'd rather have some fruit juice to start with .
Meat , I think .
I do , but I want meat .
Yes , but I prefer red wine with meat .
I just want to have a coffee , I think .
No , thanks . I'd like to go straight home . I'm very tired .
Just over a year I think . Why , what's the problem ?
I think the guarantee's just run out . Let me check . Oh , it's OK . We took out an extended warranty , it runs until next March .
Can I help you ?
uh ... Yes . Turn right , then take the second turning on your left .
It ’ s about fifteen minutes ’ walk . That ’ s all .
Yes . It ’ s on this street . Keep walking for two blocks and it ’ s on the corner on the right .
You are welcome . Good luck .
These are your products ?
May I have your name card ? I am always concerned about the newest computer .
Thank you .
OK ! Would you like to recommend some for our reference ?
You called yesterday to tell me that our funds under the L / C had arrived ? It's Ming Cha Legal Services .
Yes , it sure is . The L / C number is JD185649000023 .
Correct . Could I convert that into RIB ?
That's fine , thanks .
Yes . I know exactly what he looks like .
That won't be a problem .
I am looking .
Yes . He's in the line-up .
Number four .
It was no problem at all .
What's the rush ?
I have a reservation . My name is Rodgers .
Yes .
0h , good . I have a long day and it's good to get here .
My credit card , please .
Thank you . I have an 8 o ' clock appointment tomorrow morning , I would like a wake-up call .
7 a . m .
OK , I'll do that .
Morning , Meg . You look not well today ? Are you ill ?
Then , What ’ s the matter with you my child ?
Oh , come on , baby . Tell me what happened .
Oh . Take it easy . You can set your aim from today .
How nice ! Are you going to convert some RIB to US dollars ?
How can you cash them when you arrive in the United States ?
It sounds quite simple . Next time when I travel abroad , I will apply for this kind of check too .
I'm trying to choose a gift .
No , but I'd like to get something typical in this region .
They're quite nice . But I'm afraid they're quite a bit expensive .
No more than one hundred yuan .
Oh ! It's perfect . I think I'll take it . Would you wrap it , please ?
I'm going to the movies with a friend . How about you ?
Well , did you want to go see a movie with me ?
I'm not sure yet . Is there something you want to see ?
So , did you want to go ?
Okay , sounds good .
I ’ d like to buy an inexpensive camera .
I don ’ t think I ’ ll need a Polaroid.Does this 35mm camera have an automatic flash ?
Okay , I ’ ll take this one.Does it come with batteries and a case ?
George , how can we ? Vacations cost money . And this month we don ’ t have much money left after paying the rent .
Where will we sleep , then ?
What about other expenses ?
Maybe you ’ re right . When do you plan to go ?
Oh , I don ’ t know where we ’ re going yet .
Let ’ s go to Chicago . We can have lunch in Chinatown . Then we can go to a ball game at Wrigley Field !
Hi . I bought one of your vacuums from spend-wart . It ’ s broken now .
I think so . I bought it four months ago .
Okay . The model number is 6594 - c .
906 Ottawa street . My name is David Yang . My phone number is 713-786-0234 .
Could you tell me where the office is located ?
Oh , I know that place . It ’ s only two minutes drive .
All right . Thank you very much for your help .
I really want to stay a little longer , but I still have a meeting to attend . All in all , I am so impressed by your hospitality and your warm welcome . Thank you for the trouble you have taken .
During my trip here , I learned a lot and I get to know our choice of choosing your company as our partner is definitely right . I can feel and sense the potential of your company . And at last I wish our further cooperation will be sound and successful .
Of course , I will .
My major is Automobile Designing and I have received my master's degree in science . I think I can do it well .
I am a student engineer who mainly took charge of understanding of the mechanical strength and corrosion resistance of various materials .
I need a copy of the agenda . Also , may I suggest something ? I know we have many points to review today , but would it be possible to limit our meeting time to finish before four o'clock ? Many of us still have a mountain of work to do before the day's end .
I propose we accept the minutes .
I second .
I gave everyone a copy of the manual last week . We've had the review board going over everything , and they have come up with a final review . Here's a copy for everyone , and if you have any questions , you can talk to me after the meeting . Basically , the budget review has been completed , with maybe a few polishing details left .
If everyone could take a look at the final review handout , if there're any objections or corrections , let me know . Next week , we can cast the final approval .
If we hurry , can we get there in time ?
I know , it's not as I had planned .
I'll speak to Bob , he'll be able to help us .
I really liked it !
What did you enjoy the most ?
The fish was pretty special , but I loved the dessert .
I really felt that the service was exceptionally good .
I am looking forward to returning to this restaurant .
What time is it ?
Well , we still have about 15 minutes .
12:05 . And it takes only 20 minutes to get to the station by bus .
Relax , those buses run every 10 minutes , so we have plenty of time .
It is a quarter to twelve .
I need to increase the amount of my L / C . It's quite a new one ; I opened it 12 days ago .
How do I go about that ?
OK , you can take that from my account . I'll fill in the form now .
Pleased to meet you , Mr . Brown .
That ’ s what I understand .
Exactly my understanding .
Yes , I have .
Just one . I noticed an item about flextime . Is that a possibility for me ?
Good . Now , if you ’ ll just sign here , you can start work in 3 days .
Sure .
OK.madam . I have refunded it.You have to pay $ 15 for it .
Are you even glad that we get to buy new clothes too ?
They look really good on you . They look comfortable too .
Okay . I chose this swimming suit . Do you like it ?
Great and white ! Which reminds me , let's pick up some heavy duty sunscreen !
Don't worry , madam . Can you make a description of your baggage ?
OK . We will make an announcement for you . Please leave your telephone number , we will call your as soon as we have your baggage .
I beg you pardon ? Miss who ?
I'm sorry , but I don't know that name . You must have the wrong number .
Sorry . There's no one named Li Lin here . Are you sure you have the right name ?
What number are you trying to dial ?
No . It isn't . It's 423-6631 .
No problem .
Sure.the fitting room is right behind you .
Sure , wait a moment .
Yes , ma ’ am ?
Certainly , ma ’ am . Just take these stairs down to the first floor and turn left . You can ’ t miss it .
Really ? What can I do ?
OK . Can you give me a fragile label ?
Of course , just five minutes ago I got the phone call from Future Clothes Company and I was told to start my trial period in that company next Monday .
Great idea .
Let it be ! Time will tell .
No problem.madam.But I think the red sweater is not colorfast.Would you like to have it dry cleaned ?
I will bring them to your room tomorrow afternoon .
Hello , Miao Ping , I'm here to chat with you about Corporate Agreement Savings . What can you tell me ?
What if I exceed ?
Right , I see . It all sounds pretty complicated to me . I think I'm going to need some more time to think about this and make a decision as to what I want to do .
Give me a break .
How big , Alice ? Last time you said that , I ended up working overtime 4 nights .
All right , Alice . But this is the last time . I also have a lot of work to do .
That would be nice.How are you getting there ?
Oh , I much prefer to go by car , then we don't need to get to the station with our luggage and ...
Which is more expensive ?
Now.Have you ever thought of going by express bus ?
Yes , speaking . Can I help you ?
Sure , I'd love to . Thank you .
You ’ re welcome . For the moment , I have no further questions . I got a good picture of the job and the company . All my questions have been answered . Thank you for your time .
Ok , it was very nice to talk with you and I look forward to your decision at your earliest convenience . Bye .
Speaking .
May I ask how much I can get every month ?
I thought the starting salary is too low .
I hope to make 4,000 yuan a month for supporting my family .
No problem . Thank you for hiring me , I am very proud to be employed by your company and I will come in at eight o ’ clock sharp Monday .
Hi , this is Emily Wang , I want to see a doctor today .
GRM 789051
No . But it is urgent , and I need to see a doctor as soon as possible . I am really in bad shape .
I have a high fever and a bad headache .
Yes , I took my temperature last night . It was 102 degrees . But right now I feel my fevers is up to 103 degrees .
I can not stop coughing , and I can not stop sneezing . I vomited blood last night . Sorry , I am coughing again .
What time should I come ?
Ok . Thank you very much .
No , thanks .
Ah , never mind , please .
I am 25 years old .
No , I am still single .
Ok.There are four persons in my family , my parents , my elder sister and me .
Hi , Wendy . I ’ m Gerry .
Is Marisa in ?
All right . I ’ ll call her later .
Bye .
Not at all .
You're welcome .
Yes . Sit down , please . How did you learn about our company ?
Why would you like to work with us ?
Oh , really ? Would you transfer to another company if it is not what you expected ?
That ’ s fine . Thanks for coming to see us . I hope to be able to let you know about the job within the week .
Bill payment , please . I'd like to pay my electricity bill . I heard there's a new way ; I'm sick and tired of all this queuing !
So , how do I use it ?
I think so ; hurry up and get off .
I don't know .
I think I was wrong .
I don't know ; it kind of looks like we did .
I'm sorry . I thought this was our stop .
We could always wait for the next bus to come .
No , I haven't .
No , I don't drink .
I've got some cigars .
Two small boxes .
Yes ?
Why not ?
I'm sorry . I can't . What does the note say .
Sorry , I'm very near sighted .
This is Paula Blake , Mr . Simmons . How can I help you ?
Certainly , sir . Just tell me your account number please .
Would you please help me send these clothes to the laundry ?
When will they be ready ?
That's fine.Thank you .
I am reporting a break-in .
It happened last night .
It happened at my house .
I don't know .
Someone busted my window .
Please do .
Sure , let's take a look . Sweetie , this is terrific . Your ideas are so original .
I can tell you worked hard on it .
Well , it was definitely worth all the time .
Speaking .
All right . What time are you coming ?
Can we make it 11:30 ? A customer will come to the office at 11 .
Great . I'll see you on the 7th .
What time would you like to see him ?
Just a moment , please . I'll check for you .
May I see your driver's license , please ?
We have Honda , Citroen and Toyota . Which make and model do you prefer ?
The price is 60 euro per day . Do you want insurance ?
That's an extra 10 euro a day .
Yes .
Well , it's not the supermarket you want .
OK .
Is this the Customer Service Desk ?
I bought a sweater from your store a week ago . It says size 12 . But actually , it is a size 10 . Can I exchange it ?
Yes , I do .
Thank you very much .
Yes ? What can I do for you ?
And what is the problem ?
Let me see ... I'm sorry , but we don't have any more non-smoking rooms.We won't charge you for your room tonight .
I'm very sorry about this .
Yes , I always have coffee in the morning .
I'm going to order scrambled eggs and toast . What about you ?
That would be nice . How are you getting there ?
Oh , I'd much prefer to go by car , then we don't need to get to the station with our luggage and ...
Which is more expensive ?
Now have you ever thought of going by express bus ?
An old book Death on the Nile.Have you read it ?
Sure.But you need to be patient .
Wait a minute . I will get him here . Sorry , he is busy doing something . Why don't you give him a ring later ?
You are welcome .
I expect to be paid according to my abilities .
That's a little less than I expected . But to me , the most important thing is the job and the people I will work with . Moreover , I am sure I will get a raise quickly depending on my background and experience .
By the way , how long is my probation ?
Gas and water are included .
Yes , electricity is not included in the rent .
A contract is an agreement which is binding on both parties mutually . A contract might be formal or informal , oral or written . An implemented contract is one which has been fully executed by both sides ; an executive contract is one which is going to be performed . They are enforceable by laws and any party who defaults the contract may be sued and forced to make compensation .
In an ordinary contract , the objective of a contract might be relatively simple , indicating the description of commodity , price , quantity , terms of payment and etc .
Well . First , make meaning clear by using concise forma language . Second , describe accurately the exact requirement . Finally , state clearly the permissible variation in quantity .
Well , I'd like some legal advice . Jane and I are thinking of incorporating . So Want to find out what sort of legal procedure one follows in forming a corporation .
I know . I have an idea that we get together to discuss this next week .
I will give a call .
Yes , we are . Could we have the check please ?
Do you accept checks ?
Well , I don't have any cash with me , I'll have to put it on a credit .
Yes , we do , thank you .
It tastes really great . Did you cook it ?
OK , just a little though . I'm really full .
What kind is it ?
No . This is my first time . How does it taste ?
Wow . It is good . Did you make that also ?
You're a really good cook .
That sounds good . Did you study cooking in school ?
Is Ms April Wang available at the moment ?
I hope so . I'm in the process of applying for a credit card with you , and Ms Wang asked me to drop off these documents .
Do you need anything else from me ?
No problem . How much ? If I don't have enough on me , I'll pop over to the ATM and draw some .
I think I can manage that . Let's see ... yes , here we are .
Not yet . I seem to move my house to that place . You don't know how tight the schedule is for this trip .
Correct ! I have three-day visit to Shanghai on December 10th .
I would like a single room with a bath for two nights . Can you help me to reserve a hotel room for me ?
Hello . What time do you close , please ?
Oh . Ok . And are you open on the weekends ?
Wow . You guys never take a break ! I want to come in and have a look at your sale . Your sale is still on , isn't it ?
Ok , I'll come down tonight . Thanks .
I'd like to buy a watch .
Well , I'm not sure . Let's see . How much is this one ?
Oh . I don't think I can afford that . How about this one ?
Wow . That's too much for me . Don't you have anything cheaper ?
What's wrong ? We have been working overtime recently .
Must we finish our task before the holiday ?
OK . I know . But Bob wanted to change shifts with me tonight .
He said he would celebrate his girlfriend's birthday .
It is convenient for me to work overtime tonight .
It depends If you are interested in the city.you might like to tour it by car I can be your guide , We'll leave the afternoon free.You can do some shopping in the mall if you like .
I suggest we visit the Metropolitan Museum of Art first , Now let's go.look people are jogging along the river.Here we are .
So do I . This is Broadway.There are lots of theaters . This way leads to Times Square .
We want to see the Statue of Liberty too .
You have never gone to the Statue of Liberty ? ! I can't believe it ! But you live here !
I know . Are the subway trains easy to take here ?
Yes , I'd like to have a share of steak .
I like it well-done , please .
One Whisky .
Right over there .
I loved it . I'll take it .
Here you go ?
No I don't .
Not today . Thanks though .
Sure .
Yeah . I was looking at some of your pants , but they are all a bit too long . Do you have alteration services here ?
Great . Thanks for your help .
But I am still worry about them . I ’ m afraid ...
Well , I won ’ t put a crime into their doings .
Hi , Susan . How are you feeling today ?
Glad to hear it .
The Cosby Show ? Wasn't it over many years ago ?
So how come it's still playing ?
Reruns ?
Thank you for returning my call .
I wanted to have a talk with you about your son .
He was messing around last week in class .
Even though I asked him not to , he kept speaking out in class .
I need you to talk to him , if you don't mind .
Thank you . Hopefully I won't have to call about him again .
I had meetings back to back all morning . Then the printer broke in the middle of putting together the Six Soap presentation , and the phone rang off the hook from the minute I walked into the office .
I can ’ t believe it ! I guess I ’ ll be here until ten again tonight !
I think meeting people . There are people from all over the country , all over the world , all walks of life which is the most interesting part of my job .
Well , I work very long hours , ten hours a day is quite normal . And if something important comes up , I ’ m often in the office until 8 or 9 in the evening .
I like fishing too . I usually fish near the lake .
What a shame .
The mangoes are on sale today .
They have yellowish red skin . It's a fruit with one big seed .
Maybe if you were a parrot . I wouldn't recommend it .
Normally , they're $ 2 each . Today , they're only $ 1 each .
It's hard to describe . They're sweet , but also sort of citrusy .
They're similar to an avocado . When the outside feels soft , they're ripe .
These are from Mexico .
What seems to be the problem ?
What is bothering you ?
Would you like someone to walk you over to the Student Health Center ?
Do you need a ride home ?
OK , then , hope you feel better soon . Check your e-mail for missed assignments .
I'll put them in my schedule . Are there any other messages ?
Thanks a lot .
ok . I should have it finished by Friday afternoon . Then I can check those account over the weekend . We need to have them finished by Monday , right ?
from next week on , we should be in less of a rush .
don ’ t say that yet . A new project could suddenly appear .
carol said that she would spend some time checking that everyone is up-to-date with their work .
they usually go on for ages .
I will . Enjoy your meeting !
Not a problem . May I have your name , please ?
Hi , sir . My name is Michelle . Could you tell me when you need the room ?
Perhaps you didn't know that we have new room rates . Do you find that acceptable , sir ?
The price per night is $ 308 .
Fantastic ! Would you like a smoking or nonsmoking room ?
That'll be nonsmoking . Now , do you approve of a single queen-size bed ?
I'm happy to hear that , sir . Your reservation is all set except for your phone number .
626-555-1739 . Thank you for doing business with us , Mr . Sandals .
Good morning .
Yes , I want to change some money .
Thank you .
I ’ m in , let ’ s go !
Geez ! What ’ s the rush ?
Are you nuts ! I ’ m not going to run a red light !
What ’ s your problem ! Geez . Having a fit is not going to help !
I ’ m going as fast as I can !
You ’ re such a geek !
Of course !
My vote was for Barack Obama .
I had no doubt in my mind that he would win .
Nobody could compete with him .
Times are changing .
I support our new President 100 % .
I told you so . I kept having problems with it yesterday . I don't know what's wrong .
Oh , thank you very much .
Yes , there's one just on the other side of this building . Do you have any small change ?
Could I speak to Diana Curzon ?
This is John Laing from Dantons .
Yes , please . I'm actually returning her call . So perhaps you could tell her that I called .
She must have , but let me give it to you anyway . It's 01705 455623 .
455623 .
That's right .
Thank you .
I'm watching TV .
I will .
Oh , it was okay . I had my meeting with Mitch this morning and his bottom line is that he thinks I need to show more initiative . He thinks that I need to start being more creative .
Well , not in so many words . But I know that productivity is a big issue for him . Oh , he said the usual things like “ Keep up the good work ” and “ Thanks for your hard work , ” but he also said that he's thinking about bringing some employees into my department . That , to me , means he's not satisfied with what I've been doing .
No , I Don't . Either I shape up or my job is on the line .
Do you really think so ?
Maybe you're right . Thanks , Don . I feel better .
Nothing really , you ?
Is that right ?
I'm sorry , I can't .
I don't really want to .
I hate going to parties .
Yeah , sorry .
As I said , I am diligent and industrious . On the other hand , I am too hard-working and I put myself under much pressure to make things perfect .
I am too introverted to let others become my friends .
I'm still not sure about these ' Visible ' Certificates . What's the real difference , except the amounts available ?
Right . How about the Bearer Certificates ? Can they be cashed before the maturity date ?
So , if I was strapped for cash , I could transfer it to get some money ?
OK , I think I've got it .
I ’ m not sure yet . I may take the train but then again I might take the bus .
Really ? Maybe I ’ ll do that then .
Ok . Thanks for that !
Yes , please . I'm picking out some presents for my children and wife .
Actually , I don't know exactly . Do you have anything recommended ?
Hey , How did you know I came from America ?
How much again ?
That's really cheap for shoes like those . OK , I'll take 5 pairs .
Why not ?
Oh , my God . I've totally forgotten about that . Anyway , I think she would like a bottle of perfume .
DENY ? That's very expensive in America . It costs nearly $ 70 for only 50ml .
That's very unbelievable . Is it fake ?
OK , I'll take one .
Yes , I have worked for four years with a Canadian Company .
Well , Mark Smith , who was the first president , founded the company in Ottawa in 1955 . It has 1.5 billion dollars in capital.it employs 8,000 people , and it is the largest company in its field in Canada .
Your company's products are mostly marketed in Canada and the United States , but particularly have sold very well here in China . So I think in the future you'll find China to be a profitable market as well .
Because I want to change my working environment and seek new challenges .
Yes , I like it very much .
I think it is confidence in himself and his products .
Yes , I'd like to know something about the salary .
When can I get the final decision ?
Nice meeting you , too . Good-bye .
I am brushing my teeth .
Mom ~ the toothpaste dropped on my shorts .
Yes , that ’ s right . To be honest , the first year was quite tough for me . I was really just treated more like an intern . I didn ’ t have many responsibilities and I found it quite frustrating .
Well slowly but surely I proved myself , and the new editor liked me so he promoted me to features writer .
Yes , I was responsible for restaurant and food reviews mostly . I spent 3 years in that position , but to be honest it wasn ’ t an area of journalism I wanted to stay in long-term .
I just felt that the paper couldn ’ t offer me any new opportunities . I really needed a more challenging role to be honest .
You might send it as'Printed Matter ' .
Of course . How much would you want to insure these books for ?
Five hundred dollars , so you pay ten dollars for the insurance , that's two percent of the total value of the article .
At 16:35 , from platform 8 .
No , you have to change trains at Birmingham .
Single or return , sir ?
64 pounds , please .
Here's your ticket and change , sir .
Um , yes , please , I could really use some help . I'm going over to my boss'house for dinner tonight and don't know what kind of wine I should bring .
Well , his wife is Japanese . He said she makes really good sushi .
Why ? Wouldn't a red wine go well with sushi ?
I see . So should I get a bottle of Chardonnay ? That's a white wine , right ?
Sauvignon Blanc ? What's that ?
Let's see . The label says it's got " attractive citrus and grassy aromas that give way to crisp , mineral flavors and a bonedry finish . Serve chilled . " Oh , no , how long will it take to chill the wine ? I'm on my way to the dinner now .
All right . What varietal is that ?
And you think this is a good wine ?
Perfect ! I'll take it !
Thank you . I just got this outfit the other day .
I got it from Macy's .
Thanks again . You look nice today , too .
Really ? What kind of shoes are they ?
I really like those . How much did they cost ?
I think I'm going to go buy myself a pair .
Yes , go down the fifth street . You won't miss it .
It's only about 10 minutes ' walk .
Thanks , Jane . I was really surprised . I mean there were a lot of qualified people out there .
Thanks a lot .
Jane , I appreciate it very much . I expect to see you get nominated pretty soon , too . You've been doing some great work !
Next month .
I'm going to manage the whole accounts department .
Yes , the company will also give me a prize of 1,000 Yuan .
OK , I know what you mean . It's my treat .
Of course . Let's go .
Good afternoon.It ' s very nice to see you again .
I'm much better.The stomachache is gone , and the doctor is about to give me another endoscope examination to see whether the ulcer has healed .
How beautiful they are ! Thank you so much .
You're so thoughtful !
Thank you for coming.Good - bye .
Please take us to Harvard University . By the way , is it far from here ?
( Get here ) Here we are , sir .
It ’ s 35 dollars on the meter .
Thank you . Have a nice day .
I suppose so . A haircut , please .
I'd just like a trim , and don't cut it too short .
I think they only need a little trimming .
No , don't use them , please .
Would you trim off a bit more there , above the ear ?
I guess that would be better .
No , not that much . Now , yes , that's fine .
Yes .
Yes , I do . I ’ d prefer you didn ’ t . The AC ( air-conditioning ) is also on .
That ’ s not a very good idea . It ’ s quite hot outside . Why don ’ t you smoke outside ?
Though the AC has the air-purifying function . I ’ d still rather have fresh air than smoke . Are you okay with that ?
Please . Everyone enjoys hearing the benefits of something !
That is wonderful . We've been having serious problems in that area . Our internal accounts seem so messy at the moment , nothing is running smoothly and it's costing us time and money .
Is there a reason why you're trying to get off the phone so fast ?
I wasn't done talking to you .
I'm not being nosey . I'm just asking .
That's not nice .
Okay .
Yes , this is Julianne Horton , and I ’ m calling to arrange an appointment with Ms . McNeal .
How ’ s Thursday ? Does she have any time available then ?
Actually , I ’ Ve got something scheduled on Monday . Can she do Tuesday ?
Sure , Merton Financial Advisors .
It's fried sole .
Sure . Please wait for a moment .
Yes , I would like the chicken cheese enchiladas with a side of guacamole .
Sure I ' ll have the burrito . Do you have nachos ?
Sounds good .
Sure , I ' ll have a Corona .
I ’ m in a bit of a hurry , Louise . Can it wait ?
All right . Why don ’ t you have a seat ? What ’ s the problem ?
I'm still suffering from a little jetlag .
Saturday morning cartoons .
I think watching them is a great way to learn English .
Yeah . Is Cindy up ?
Hmm . That's not too bad . Does it have a stopwatch ?
Oh . I see . Where are your digital watches ?
I don't like this kind as much . Never mind the stopwatch then . I'll take that other one . Do you take checks ?
Here you are .
There're a lot of chuckholes on this old highway . Driving on it is experience-demanding .
Ok . You drive and do be careful .
My chief interest is swimming and climbing with my friends .
I think that the most important thing is you can ’ t live all by himself . It takes a lot of people working and cooperating together . The more really close friends I have , the better .
Which Sons do you want to go to ?
You actually need to catch two buses .
The first bus you need to get on is the 268 .
Once you get to Fair Oaks and Washington , get off .
You need to get on the 261 . It goes all the way to Sons .
That's it .
Problems are what we're here for , sir . Please tell me your problem .
Were you wearing your glasses when you noticed them , sir ?
Sir , sometimes a fast elevator ride makes our guests see spots .
I'm very sorry , sir . Will you please hold while I transfer you to my supervisor ?
Yes , what kind of room do you want ?
Sorry , right now we can only have you a room without shower .
Let me help you . OK , this is the one you want . Push this button to change the channel . We have 6 channels in all . Have a good day .
Are you having problems ? This is the first I ’ Ve heard of it .
What kind of problems are you talking about ?
Maybe I could get back to you in a few weeks . I am leaving on vacation this afternoon .
Don ’ t tell me what to do ! I ’ ll get to it when I get around to it !
I ’ ll be right over !
No , not yet . I'd like to buy a teapot .
That colored one is very beautiful . It may suit my furniture . How much do you ask for it ?
Show it to me , Please . Can you get me another ? It's scratched a little bit here .
I do like it . Can you come down a bit ?
That's still too much . Can you lower the price further ?
If so , I'd better try another store .
I'd be glad to . He's really cute .
We have shuttle buses leaving for the airport from downtown every 20 minutes The bus stops at Holiday Inn as well . Be sure to get on the bus before 30 .
At 7 am . It takes about one hour to get to the airport . So it'll be right for your timing .
Your tickets are valid for one year.If you want to change flight , you just go to the airline's ticketing office and have it reconfirmed . But you have to fly the same airlines .
In that case . you can get a refund with a certain percentage of the original fare deducted as the service charge .
Use , I want a eye-shadow .
Purple . But today , I'm thinking of buying one in a bright colour .
May I have a try ?
It's still too dark . Any brighter colours ?
What about other brands ?
Oh , that's the very thing I need .
What's going on over there ?
How long does that usually take ?
What's happening at the far end ?
It sounds nice , but don't forget this is a seedy , run-down neighborhood .
It's a bit small but looks nice.What ' s more , it's only ten minutes ' walk to the company .
I started washing here about three years ago .
I can wash my clothes for less money here .
What reason are you washing here today ?
Go and get it repaired .
Are you going to continue washing your clothes here for a while ?
Washing clothes at a Laundromat costs a lot less money .
When do you plan to travel ?
Are you aware that without two weeks advance notice prices will be very high ?
I understand . So that ’ s one ticket to New York , and you ’ ll be departing tonight . Will that be one-way or round trip ?
When would you like to return ?
OK . I have several seats available . Would you like a window seat or an aisle seat ?
OK Mr . Lee . I have you booked on flight 513 leaving on the 5th at 11:00 pm and arriving in New York on the 6th at 6
No , all flights are direct .
$ 800 dollars .
What kind of performance ? A lion dance ?
Sure , you'll be dancing with lions . What do you expect ? Then what about Range Dance which we did before .
Maybe not . I think we should just focus on the retired people .
What about the costumes ?
Try something new . We can find a supporting agency .
You need to eat healthy foods and avoid unhealthy foods .
Fresh fruits and vegetables are important , along with protein and whole grains .
You don ’ t want to eat food that is high in fat . You need to avoid caffeine and sugar .
Getting 30 minutes of exercise a day is important . If you smoke , you need to stop .
Less than a serving of alcohol a day can actually be good for you . Do not overdo it !
Please wait a moment .. I am sorry right now there is no vacant seat . I have to ask .
By the way , hold your bag in case you vomit .
My immediate family is quite small . It's just my older step-brother , my mom , my step-dad and me . How about you ?
I didn't know you were a twin ! Are you identical or fraternal ?
Interesting . It must be great having a twin sister . Are you best friends , too ?
I don't know much about him . He died when I was just a baby . Even though I don't have a blood relationship with my step-father and step-brother , I consider them to be my real family .
No , she also died when my step-brother was little . My mother and my step-father met each other shortly after my father died and became good friends . They ended up getting married a few years later .
Well , we've got some great mangoes on sale .
Well , it's a fruit with a big seed in it .
No . Peel the skin with a sharp knife , and throw out the seed .
Well , they're on sale today for only $ 1 each .
They usually taste sweet , but they remind me of an orange .
You can buy them either ripe or unripe . Unripe ones are hard .
The ones that are on sale are from Central America .
No , I cann't . I'm in a hurry !
Shut up ! Now you are in my car , you should listen to me . Or you can get off . I've told you I'm in a hurry . I don't want to waste time on the road .
I felt dizzy when I stare at those shining lights . What should we do firstly ?
Let me see the notice . It is here . Our booth number is E108 . Good number .
We can also consult some from these volunteers .
Should we put our samples on this table ?
I allocate different patients with their consent to different nurses . And I supervise the primary nurses and help nurses carry out their work .
To maintain a high standard of nursing , we should take experience and education into consideration while considering a nurse's level of expertise in caring for various patients .
Yes . I would like a ticket to Pakistan on CA .
Round trip , please .
I'd like to leave on Nov . 2nd and return on Nov . 21st .
Yes , please . Thank you .
I've heard about it , but I'm still waiting for my invitation .
I'm guessing that she's going to give me my invite today or tomorrow .
I want to . I heard it's going to be really fun .
Well , when does the party start ?
How many invitations has she given out ?
I really want to go , so I hope that she gives me my invite soon .
It costs only 25 yuan .
The price is reasonable because the quality is super .
How much would you like it to be , then ?
Let's meet half way , 20 yuan , OK ?
I think you've got a real bargain .
We may go abroad . I ’ m not sure . My wife wants to go to Egypt . I ’ d like to go there , too . We can ’ t make up our minds .
We may travel by sea .
It may be cheaper , but it takes a long time .
Don ’ t be so sure . We may not go anywhere . My wife always worries too much . Who ’ s going to look after the dog ? Who ’ s going to look after the house ? Who ’ s going to look after the garden ? We have t
That's right .
Yes , here you are .
OK .
I was responsible for sales .
Yes , I was twice singled out as an ' Advanced Worker ' .
Yes , let me see some of your hats , please .
It's a little bit tight .
Yes , it fits all right now . I'll take it . Please put it in a bag and I'll take along .
How much is it ?
Here is the money .
Nothing else , thank you .
What ? I gave it to you only 3 months ago .
Ok , son . I think I ’ Ve go to tell you the truth . My company has gone out and I ’ m now out of job . If you want a new camera , go and earn money yourself .
All right . I graduated and got the degree of bachelor of economics from Nanjing University 4 years ago . My major is international trade .
Of course . Irrevocable letter of credit , confirmed letter of credit , transferable and divisible letter of credit are common terms of payment in international trade .
Are you looking for somewhere for two people ?
Yes , there are several place available in that price range near the university . Do you have any other requirements ?
How many rooms do you need in the flat ?
Ok . I've got a list of place that fit your requirements . Let's just go through them . The first on the list costs 80 pounds a month , but it's on a noisy street and it's a little far from the university .
It's about two miles away . that might be a little far to walk . Here's one that's about half a mile from the campus . The cost is 100 pounds a month and it's on a small street , just off a main street .
Of course . I'm not very busy at the moment . If you can wait for about 15 or 20 minutes . I can take you there .
I partly agree with you . Buying stocks is not difficult , but making money consistently from buying stock is very difficult . Even professionals don ’ t find it easy , so be careful . Anyway , people like us need help with investing . Why not do some online research ? There are data , reports and discussion forums to educate people on how to invest . In addition , you need to visit an established website that offers stock charts .
I just watched the investment TV program last weekend . It has become a very hot topic these days . Actually I am not even a beginner .
Yes , I'm excited to hear about your new product .
Yes . I've heard a lot about it .
Yes , I would have to agree with you . It seems to offer more options than the others . But new product sometimes has a few troubles . How about yours ?
How do you ensure quality ?
Are your prices negotiable ?
What happens if I am not satisfied with my purchases ?
I see . But I have to discuss it over with my boss before I make a decision .
I did it myself . I went online and found a lot of website devoted to home improvement . Then I went to DIY shop and bought everything I needed . I ’ m sure I saved a lot of money by doing it mys
yes , they are . I gave them a good clean . They are in good condition and don ’ t need to be replaced .
as I hadn ’ t done it before , I had to keep referring to information I got from the internet . Doing the floor tiles took a whole day-from early morning to right through to the evening . The
you ’ ll be lucky ! However , I ’ ll print out the information I got from the internet and you can do it yourself .
Of house , what's the matter ?
What kind of fruit do you want ?
Sure , please give me $ 10 in advance . l Wil have them bought for you .
Oh don ’ t worry , I ’ ll be fine .
If I need to know the price , I ’ ll just look at the label .
I'll try them on .
Then I ’ ll just use my credit card .
When do you have in mind ?
That will be fine with me .
Good . I'll be there at 12:30 .
See you .
I have got a computer engineer's qualification certificate .
Oh , yes , I have . I worked part-time as a typewriter in a computer company when I was at college .
In my opinion , it has a broad prospect and it needs smart mind .
Honey , I am sorry that I am too busy most of the time .
What did you do last weekend ?
Did you play football with other children ?
Cool , we can take the football , shuttlecock and badminton racket to the park .
After that , we will have a picnic .
Okay , it sounds good .
My wife and I want to see the places of interest in Shenzhen , Guangzhou and Zhuhai . Can you arrange a tour for us ?
Well , three days .
That sounds good . How much is the tour ?
What does it include ?
Could we have you make all the necessary plane , hotel , and tour reservations ?
Beijing University . Do you know where it is located ?
Would you please help me with my luggage ?
Yes , I packed my books in it . Thank you .
I would like to open a Current Account , please .
That's great , here you are . This is my passport .
Really ? You are joking ?
I'd like that . Alright , put on this apron first .
Hmm , let me see . Boil some water , and then whisk two eggs .
Not bad . OK , now take some meat and potatoes from the fridge .
Three . And bring four bell peppers .
Now wash them , then dice the potatoes and bell peppers , then slice the meat .
It's in the cabinet . Adam , The gas cooker doesn't work .
Let me take a look at that . I can't stop the bleeding.We need to go to the hospital .
I'd swear that's Eddy from circulation .
Not very long from the looks of it !
He's dancing with Jack !
The wei-ya is the one time a year you can make fun of the boss .
You're right . They are spinning pretty fast . Aren't they getting dizzy ? What if they fall ...
How embarrassing !
Speaking . What's up ?
My bad , I had chores to do .
What was the reason for your call ?
Sounds good . What did you have in mind ?
Okay , let's go see a movie .
Talk to you later .
Okay , let's go home .
Here is my card . Can I have them delivered to this address ?
OK , thank you .
For you , I would recommend this one here .
This automobile is just right for your needs because not only is it compact for ease in city driving , but also , it has many safety features . I know that as a parent , you are concerned about safety in driving your kids to and from school .
This model features anti-lock brakes , airbags on both driver and passenger sides , and impact collision design . But that's not all . This car isn't only safe but it's also very economical .
Yes , this price is very affordable , but driving this car you'll also notice a significant annual saving in gas consumption . The main attraction for this model is the fuel economy .
Why don't you take it for a test drive , and think it over .
What would you like ?
I'm sorry . We're currently out of filet mignon . May I suggest the porterhouse instead ?
And may I suggest chocolate-covered strawberries with the champagne ?
Okay , no strawberries . Room service will be charged to your amenities account . Is that all right ?
It will be up shortly . Enjoy your food , sir .
Yes , I'd like to see the manager.Here ' s my card .
No , I'm afraid I don't . Is it possible for me to see him now ?
Well , how long will it be ?
That's too bad . I can't wait that long . I have another appointment at ten .
No , I have discussed the details about sales of our new equipment with the manager on the telephone yesterday .
Yes , I suppose that's the best thing I can do for now . I'll be here on Thursday morning at 10 o'clock . Is that all right ?
Yes . I ’ m here to apply for the job of director that your company posted yesterday . Is it still available ?
Great . Where can I get an application form ?
Where is the Human Resource Office ?
Thanks a lot .
I need it . Thank you .
Wow , your apartment is a mess .
Look ! Are those all your clothes on the couch ?
Are they clean ?
My sister and I usually go to the laundromat down the street . Why don't you go there ?
Yes I know . I have to do it every week . Anyway , are you ready to go ?
OK , but please hurry . I think the restaurant is closing soon .
Could you show me the coat on the shelf ?
May I try it on ?
It doesn't fit quite right . It feels a little tight in the waist . Do you have this in a larger size ?
Well , how do I look in this one ?
OK . I'll take it .
Not bad . I ’ m proficient in both written and spoken English .
I studied English in junior and senior high school . And in college , I took English conversation lessons . They were given by foreign tutors .
Band 6 .
I ’ m afraid I can ’ t , but I'd be glad to learn .
Yes , I think I can . I often talk to foreigners at English corner held twice a week at my college . They say my English is pretty good .
I have been attending an evening course in English writing for 2 years and I often read novels , magazines and newspapers in English .
Hi . I'm shopping for my boyfriend's birthday . Do you have any suggestions ?
Well . He doesn't wear ties that often .
That sounds good . Which one do you recommend ?
I like them . Do you have matching belts ?
How much are they ?
What is your return policy just in case he doesn't like them ?
That sounds great . I'll take them .
Yes , I would like to make a reservation for May 3rd .
Only one .
Your reservation is right . Please get a ticket booking form from there and fill it .
$ 800 .
Surely of course . Give me your card please .
I want a facial . But this is the first time I've come here , so can you tell me how you do it ?
That's exactly what I want . How long does it take ?
What's the regular price ?
Good , I will take the one hour facial with make-up .
By the way , could you give me a manicure ? Use a light nail-polish , please .
Have you tried an outlet ?
Many of my friends shop at outlets .
I'm only too happy to help .
And this espresso looks like ... oil !
These days , I can't think of anything but motor oil . Even coffee makes me think of it .
Ow ! Don ’ t shout so loud . Calm down . Please stop shouting and sit quietly down .
Where is it now ?
Now , move the couch around and turn it upside down .
Yes darling . You are quite right .
Hello , this is Smith from 1308 , can you add something to my room ?
2 towels and l Turkish towel , please ?
Thank you .
No more , thank you very much .
Of course , Mr . Kramer . How are things going these days ?
Congratulations ! I ’ m really glad to hear it ! That should make balancing the books a lot easier !
You'll see the world-famous magnificent waterfall .
Your dream will come true.It ' s really breathtaking .
Ruth ? Basil .
Want a ride to the office ?
Hold on . Just 5 minutes .
It's my pleasure . See you .
Hi , Ruth . Hop in .
Of course I don't mind . For your report ?
Good for you . No problem , I'll listen to the car radio
No , you're going the wrong way . You want a 103 from Beijing Zoo .
You get off at the next stop , cross the street , and you'll find the stop not far on the right hand side .
Here you are .
Hello , everybody . I am Monica and this is my first day at work . I am working in the finance department . I am very happy to meet everyone and I am looking forward to working well with all of you . I am very happy to be one of the team and I will do my best to get into the working situation as soon as possible . By the way , call me Monica . Everybody calls me so .
Oh . Yes ?
Yes , there are some on Pine Street .
Well , I think there's one across from the shopping center .
By the way , there's a barber shop in the shopping center , too .
You already ate .
There's nothing left from dinner .
What kind of snack are you going to make ?
You can always make a sandwich .
Just make yourself a peanut butter and jelly sandwich .
Go right ahead .
What ? I sent you three or four messages !
Why didn't you just call ? I hate sending SMS messages .
I thought you had an unlimited SMS plan ?
No wonder you didn't get my texts !
Let's eat the kind that has both spicy and mild broth in one pot .
Yep . That way I can satisfy my craving for spicy food and you can eat hot pot without burning into flames .
All right . What would you like to drink ?
Regular or large ?
OK . Anything else ?
For here or to go ?
I agree .
I guess you're right.But like you said , you called me here to check me out . I've been doing the same .
Quite good , actually . I'm pretty sure you're demanding , but fair and honest . I feel we can work together .
Shoot !
I don't see a problem .
When I have time , I sometimes draw and paint .
Every so often , I do .
I was taught in high school how to draw and paint .
Exactly , it was my favorite class .
I appreciate that .
Everyone has a talent . They just need to find it .
What forms must we fill out , Miss ?
I see . But why do we have to fill out these forms now ?
Depending on what you consider a lot .
Couple times a week . How about you ?
How much can you drink ?
You're a light weight .
I'm usually drinking all night long . At least 10 drinks .
No . We usually go to places that have specials . Dante's over on the Ave has $ 5.00 pitchers on Mondays . So for ten , fifteen bucks , I can get a lot of drinks .
If you don't like beer , have you tried mixed drinks ? Some of them are pretty good .
You just have to build up a tolerance . I used to be like that . But your body gets used to it .
Hey let's go out tomorrow night . The Ram Bar and Grill is having a special on pitchers .
Thanks . I was hoping that you would all enjoy this meal .
I got a really wonderful cookbook for my birthday and decided to try out a few of the recipes .
I love that dish as well . It is coconut chicken with rice .
Yes , that soup has a shrimp base . I also added sea vegetables and lemon grass .
I love this wine ! It goes very well with the chicken .
The chicken tastes wonderful , but it is kind of dry . Is your fish OK ?
It seems as if they got busy and left it sitting before it got to us .
Are your vegetables a little mushy ?
Mine aren't so good , either .
I think that we should let someone know . They will probably want to fix the problem .
Oh yeah ? What do you need to go shopping for ?
Do you know where you're going to find your bedroom set ?
There's no particular place that you want to look at ?
I can tell you where I got mine , if you'd like .
I bought mine from IKEA .
Not really , but you're paying for quality .
I want a Special King size and some chips .
Green salad please .
Cola , please .
...
Thank you .
What about grapes and water melons ?
Sure .
$ 2 .
Yes , speaking .
Can you speak a little louder ? You sound very indistinct with the hissing noise .
Sorry , Mr . Smith agenda is full today .
I ’ m not sure , but I will arrange for you and inform you as well .
What color do you like ?
Maybe you could have a look at this one .
Large .
Yes , where can I buy trousers ?
What mark is it ?
This is room 1019 . I would like to order breakfast .
One orange juice , scrambled eggs with bacon , toast and coffee .
Yes , it is . Oh , by the way , could you also bring me today's paper ?
That's all right.Show me the blue pen , please .
I see.Thank you .
OK , what would you like ?
Sure and which one would you like ?
I can give you one for $ 30 a day or $ 200 a week .
May I see your driver's license ?
OK . You'll have to use a credit card or leave a $ 100 deposit .
That's fine . Don't forget to update the inventory .
When you take something out of the stores you need to update the stores database so we know when to reorder .
I'd be glad to . What is it ?
Not at all . Go ahead .
Not really , so long as you follow all the regulations .
No . Everyone has a chance to correct his or her mistakes . The most important thing is to be responsible for your work .
Yes.That ' s true . We are always busy . The company attaches great importance to high efficiency . Sometimes we have to work overtime , but not always . And we have extra pay for extra work .
Yes , I'd like to book a table for two this evening .
7:30 . By tho way , I would like a table next to the window .
Yes ! Thank goodness you ’ re here.These bugs are driving us crazy !
We just bought this house and it is infected with just about everything . We have termites in the wood , cockroaches all over the place , and last night I saw a huge rat out in the backyard !
No problem , just get rid of the bugs !
It can ’ t be time to get up yet .
What ’ s the time ?
My watch says ten past .
Are you sure half past seven ?
It ’ s only seven o ’ clock . Your watch is fast .
I could have stayed in bed for another half hour .
Positive .
I'm absolutely sure I'm right .
This is right . There is no doubt in my mind .
Check and double check .
Hello , this is Catherine . I am calling about the appointment with Mr . Liu for this afternoon . Something has just come up . I am afraid the appointment will have to be rescheduled . I am very sorry about the change .
You are very kind to say so . Thank you . Do you think tomorrow morning would suit him ?
Tomorrow afternoon . Um ... When do you think I can come and see him tomorrow afternoon ?
Yes , that's quite all right for me . Can we change it ?
Thank you very much . See you tomorrow afternoon .
We can take a bus there .
I think so .
No , it's too crowded .
Fine . Let's get on . Oh , no , Judy ! Get off the bus quickly !
We got on the wrong bus .
They are actually fairly straightforward . Do you know where the blanks are kept ?
OK , well after you take one out of that second drawer , you put your name on the top . Do you see ?
Next you fill in all of your hours for each day and total them . Do you know how to show time on a 24 - hour clock ?
Midnight is zero and when you put the minutes in , make sure that you show them with a dot followed by the minutes . Do you understand ?
It's easy , just write in the hours , total it , sign it , and put it in the box .
Try it and if you can't do it , one of us can always help you later .
Thanks . Actually , I was really surprised . I mean there were a lot of qualified people out there .
Thanks a lot . I expect to see your name nominated pretty soon too . You ’ Ve been doing some great work .
I finished them in no time .
Mum , when will we have them again ?
I ’ m sorry . She ’ s in a meeting right now .
Can I give her a message for you ?
And your name , please ?
Certainly .
You're right here , bus station , we are in the center of the city .
You can take a No . 2 bus here .
At Longing Street .
What size do you need ?
They're at the back of the stores , second shelf up on the right-hand side .
They're in the blue cupboard . Anything else ?
I ’ ll need to check . Sorry , we don ’ t have any in stock . But I can order some and send through the order today . How many do you need ?
Fine . They should be here the day after tomorrow .
Bring me a cup of coffee , please .
I'd prefer a black one .
Yes . I would like a pair of black leather shoes in size 25 .
The tip is rather narrow .
No , I'm not .
No , I'm not . I'm going to look for an apartment .
I'm going to try to find a place near the office .
Out in the suburbs.It ' s a long trip to work every day .
I'm going to buy a newspaper and check the classified ads .
I know , but I'm going to enroll in a night school to take a course in business management .
Yes , the swimming pool is right behind the building . Walk out of the door and you will see it .
$ 10 per hour .
Return on investment ? How can you have a return on this kind of investment ? Can you really calculate the value of these training programs ?
Wow ! I'm impressed . So , what's in the cards for future training ? Will it be in-house or off-site ?
Yes , I see that here ... continuing education for the IT department , a time management course for accounting , and team building for sales . Anything planned for HR ?
Actually , it is a 30 - day notice to vacate the premises .
This isn ’ t the first time you have been considerably late with the rent . I need to start the procedure to evict you .
This is a notice to inform you that the sheriff will evict you in 30 days if you do not pay up on your rent .
You can keep the apartment if you stay caught up on your rent . Otherwise , I need to find someone who can make the payments .
Thank you . I will need a cashier ’ s check or cash , please .
Oh , she ’ s just fine . She ’ s so grown up now .
Four and a half going on twelve !
Have you a bus tour ? I have one day left so I think the best way is to take a bus tour .
What time does the next bus leave ?
Helen , why do you keep flushing the toilet ? What's wrong ?
You did what ? Helen , I know it's gross , but I ' Ve seen many public washrooms that are much worse . Why are you cleaning the counter top ? are you out of your mind ?
Helen , this is not like your own bathroom . Just leave it to the cleaners , okay ?
You're such a neat freak ! I'm outta here !
I don't know . What do you want to do ?
What do you mean ?
Yeah , I guess you're right . It's easy to get bogged down in the day to day , and forget to change things up once in a while . Let's break out and do something completely different tonight .
An hour ? That's a bit of a bummer . Let me take a peek and see what else there is . How about going dancing ? We haven't done that in a while . There's a club in Silver Lake that's supposed to be hopping on Friday nights . Eddie from work told me that they have a really good DJ and a big dance floor , and the cover charge isn't bad .
Yeah , I was hoping you'd say that . It's nice to have the option to go out but I'd rather stay in . Maybe we can go out tomorrow night .
Yeah , yeah , we ’ re here because we feel this is an injustice ! The financial irresponsibility of big business has to stop ! We ’ re there to show the government that we don ’ t like the way that they ’ re spending our tax dollars !
It ’ s an absolute outrage , Sarah , the US government wants to give 25 billion dollars of taxpayers ’ money to the auto industry . These are companies that have been mismanaged and are now nearly bankrupt .
That maybe true , and I for one don ’ t want to see anyone lose their job , but how can these Ces ask for a bailout when they ’ re making millions of dollars ? And then , they have the nerve to fly to Washington in private jets ! This costs hundreds of thousands of dollars ! And they ’ re asking for money ! That is just not right !
Hey , sounds great to me , kid . What kind of job did you find ?
Yes , job . If you ’ re going to live on your own , you have to pay for rent and everything else .
When you move out , your father and I aren ’ t paying your rent , young man . Get a job .
Well , the newspaper is over there . Look in the want ads , but I don ’ t know what you ’ re going to find without a college degree .
Thank you . How long it take to get my son's hair cut ?
No . I'm thinking that maybe I can get my hair shampooed .
How come ?
Then I won't say no to that .
I feel totally refreshed .
This time included ?
Then yes .
Yes , we're interested in seeing the rooms for rent .
That is exactly what we're looking for .
That sounds all right to us .
How about tomorrow afternoon ?
See you tomorrow .
You may pick it up in twenty minutes .
Yes , and you can renew this prescription by phone .
Take it three times a day .
You should take this medicine with food and no alcohol .
You might get a little dizzy , but that is it .
Well , for a monthly pass , it'll cost you $ 65 .
If you're a student , you can get a student bus pass .
That actual bus pass is free .
The only thing you'll have to pay for is the monthly sticker .
It's only $ 24 a month .
I'll get it for you right now .
There are about 20 main spots and some other small spots .
Yes , some of the spots charges separately .
Yes , sir , it's $ 20 .
I am , as a matter of fact . Do you have any special requests ?
Wait . This is sounding like a major list . Why don't you just come with me ?
It really depends on when and how long .
Of course . How about this one ?
It's a luminous watch with a time-reminder function .
Yes , and it comes with a worldwide guarantee .
Where is your seat ?
OK , you mean the vacant one on the left ?
No need . I have only this small handbag with me .
Oh , I'm a tourist . May I go inside and look around ?
When can I go inside then ?
Yes , do you have a table for five ?
We'd like a non-smoking room , please .
By all means .
You're welcome .
Why is that ?
Yes , the snow is fun .
How big was it ?
How long did it take ?
Did you give him a nose ?
Let me help you make one this year .
If you want my advice , you won ’ t invite yourself any risk .
Yes , of course . There are various forms of travel .
There is no need . We have the tour everyday .
No . These terms need to be amplified .
Then the shipping documents have to be attached . That way , both parties confirm the documents that will accompany the draft and constitute evidence of shipment in compliance with the contract terms .
Yes , that's very important .
I ’ Ve been feeling a little light-headed lately .
If I have high blood pressure , it is news to me .
What do you use to check for high blood pressure ?
What does the reading tell you ?
I hope that the test results show me to be really healthy .
Yes , I just wondered why the price between the ninth and tenth floor is so different .
Oh ! I see . Can you show me the location of Block I ?
How many elevators are there ?
How about the car-park space ?
Any other facilities ?
What is the completion date ?
How about the price and the bank mortgage ?
How many payment methods are there ?
Thank you . I think I have to talk to the bank representatives . Thank you for your help .
It's this high-tech equipment that doctors my voice a little . Actually , i am tone-deaf .
Well , the echo and the stereo system helped a lot . And i know that song very well , so , i didn't need to pay attention to the subtitles which helped as well .
Pick the one that you always sing in the shower .
Read me the index number !
No . I need a rest !
Are you sick ?
Let me take your temperature .
Oh , honey , I think you've caught a cold , you should get a shot .
Yes , I would .
What's that building opposite us ?
Oh , I see .
Oh , really ?
So you have to open all the envelopes .
Do you need to file copies of the letters before sending them ?
It ’ s easy , grandpa . Insert you card into the machine here . Then wait a moment . OK . Now you enter your PIN . It should have four numbers .
You really shouldn ’ t write it down . You should memorise it . You can change it to a more convenient number if you like .
Yes . Choose the service you need to use . If you choose to withdraw money , the machine will ask you how much you want .
That ’ s right . Give the machine a moment to process you request . Then take your money .
I can ’ t sleep or eat . I have a really bad pain in my tooth !
It bothers me off and on , but it ’ s gotten much worse these past few weeks .
My girlfriend told me that I grind my teeth a lot when I sleep . Maybe that is the problem .
I use a soft bristle toothbrush .
Absolutely . That set it off big time !
Speaking .
Certainly , please have a seat and roll up your left sleeve .
Well , today your doctor wants us to check your white blood cell count .
Well , if it is elevated , you might have an infection .
It is only a little pin stick . I am going to put a tourniquet on your arm to puff your veins up .
There we go ! I got the blood that I needed .
Sure . Any specific reason I should know about in case people ask where you are .
No problem . Good luck .
It provides breads and butter of your family . Besides , it simulates you to purse noble dreams ,
Your company is well-known for its good corporate profile and rapid growing records . I want to work for a company that can display my abilities and talents .
Yes . What can I do for you ?
Could you please tell me the address ?
It's about 14 hours . We are supposed to land there at 19:00 .
Of course . We are already out of our motherland .
Yes ?
All right . But tell him I will only be here until four o'clock .
Yes , do you need some help ?
Yes , sure . You need to put your card in the slot .
That ’ s right . Then wait for the green light and turn the handle .
I need ten 55 cents stamps and ten 32 cents stamps , please .
Yes , I need to send the payment to immigration for my aunt's citizenship application . They won't accept checks.How do I send the money ?
Then I need a money order for 250 dollars .
Thank youse much for all your help .
You , too .
Sorry , he ’ s on another phone . Will you hold ?
What kind of bag is it ?
What are your room number and your name , please ?
Well , let me check . We delivered four bags to room 1106 , you friend's room about an hour ago .
You're quite welcome .
What happened ?
That's okay . I like it better that way anyway .
Hello , Todd !
Yes , in fact , my mom's house we have three , three pets . two dogs and a cat . My family actually raises dogs for helping blind people .
How do they train the dogs ? Well , I mean , it's a long process , right ... we get them when they're puppies ... and so we train them basic ... you know , sit , come ... really basic things ... then , after they're about two year old , they go a different training school .
Oh , just one ! We have our own dog , and then we have a dog that we have that we are training .
Sometimes we'll see them , they'll have like sort of conventions of reunions of the pets so , yeah , you get to see them once in awhile .
I guess the most important thing is companionship , right ! So there is always somebody there for you that will like you no matter what .
Well , I guess if you are Sigrid and Roy you can keep a tiger or lion . I guess all types of things don't they .
No problem . What are you looking for ?
Yes , your laptop is on the chair .
Which one ?
It's under the table .
There's a pencil in front of the lamp .
Oh , sorry . There is a pencil behind the cup .
It's in between the wall and the bed .
They're on the left side of the TV .
Sorry , I made a mistake . They're on the right side of the TV .
Oh , and here are your glasses . They were next to your cell phone .
Let's blow on it .
Yummy ! Yummy ! Eat more !
You look a bit pale , don't you ?
You should get plenty of sleep .
If I were you , I wouldn't drink too much .
You better do some exercise every morning .
Why do you worry about your future ? You're very young , and you'll make great contribution to the world . I hope you take my advice .
9:25 on Platform 12 , Track B .
It should be there at 11:45 , but it may be a little late .
It's $ 32.00 .
Yes , I've got to work overtime .
Yes . What can I do for you ?
What ’ s your name ?
You have been in Peking University , hadn't you ?
What degree do you have now ? :
Do you have any experience in this field ?
Why are you interested in the position ?
All right . If we decide to hire you , we'd pay you 5,000 yuan a month at the start . How do you think about it ?
Get in , please . Where to , madam ?
I can't promise anything , but I'll try my best .
That'll be 10 dollars , please .
We shall open an irrevocable L / C to cover our shipment from Shanghai to Hamburg . Is it at sight or after sight ?
Some customers demand that 80 % of the credit amount be paid at sight , and the rest be paid after the machines are proved satisfactory on trial .
But such terms are quite common in the machinery trade . Other suppliers are offering better terms . Some even allow payment 60days after sight .
That's true . I'm eager to know if you could send some fitters to ensure good operation .
If you send fitters along with the machines to ensure that all the machines run properly , and if you provide after-sales service , we agree to make the payment in full .
Sure , Emily . We haven't done that in a while .
Well , keep this under your hat , but I think I'm going to quit after New Year .
I know I should be pretty happy here , but I'm not finding the kind of job satisfaction I need . I'm a good graphic designer ...
That's kind of you to say . But ... the stuff we do here hasn't really challenged me very much at all .
That's one way of putting it . For me , a job needs to stimulate my brain , otherwise it becomes a daily drudgery .
Where would you like to go ?
Get in and close the door .
Sorry . The road is too crowded .
But I can't help it .
Sorry . We mustn't stop here .
Yes , I'm leaving on the 14th of next month .
Actually , it is a policy in my company . The human resources management department has connections overseas this year , so we can receive training there .
No . The company pays for everything . Doesn't this sound very attractive ? This is why our company can always get the best employees !
Oh , don't be so sad . You can ask for a salary raise .
So you suppose you deserve a salary raise .
You ought to point out how valuable you are , and tell her those people who have the same situation also get the salary raise .
Remember it is the boss who hires you and tell her how much you have improved the office efficiency .
Forget it . Good luck . I hope you can make it .
Indeed . I've decided to go for the Petty Consumer Loan . That is , if my credit rating is satisfactory .
I've just bought a second hand apartment and I'm looking to do some renovations . You know , a bit of decorating , some new furniture , nothing flashy .
It says here that the maximum is 20,000 RIB . Is that flexible ?
Well , 20,000 RIB , it'll have to be then .
Everything is right here . If that's all in order , just let me know where I sign .
I have many hobbies , I like almost all kinds of sports and I also like to listen to pop songs .
I think I am extroverted .
Yes . We're satisfied with the result .
Hello , Miao Ping . Yes , I've been stuck in back to back meetings all day , but I really wanted to come and speak to you .
I'm interested in putting some of my money into investment tools , you know , something other than stocks and such like . Do you have any ideas ?
Yes , I've heard about that . Isn't it where many investors pool their money together ?
How can you help me to decide which areas to invest in ?
Is this the information here ? Well , let's take a look then ...
Well , I ’ Ve attended some conferences in this field . But the most relevant training I ’ Ve had was in computer design . I believe I could integrate that knowledge with my college degree to design
Well , I notice that you currently provide an on-screen TV Guide . At the moment , it just scrolls the names of the programs in a repeated loop . If you have many channels , you have to wait a long t
Tie it in with the pay-per-view services , and perhaps it could be a money-maker .
Yes , I took a break from work during that time . I had a baby , and as she was born with a handicap , I decided to suspend my career . But I have continued to keep up with the Industry through con
A lorry overturned on the road and blocked it , so all the traffic was held up .
Yeah , traffic was brought to a standstill by the accident . If we had gone early we would miss the traffic .
Don ’ t worry . The traffic jam is said to be over soon .
It ’ s my pleasure .
Ms Willows , hello . This is Daniel calling from IBA Bank .
I'm calling to notify you that an Export L / C has arrived for you .
Yes , it's from Satura Beds of Tokyo .
I want to take out a loan for school . What kind of interest rate do you offer ?
Yes , but I need to borrow some more money .
What's the interest rate ?
How do I go about taking it out ?
All right , thank you !
Um , sure . What are we having for dinner ? Do I need to put out anything in particular ?
Ok , should I use the fancy silverware ?
I ’ ll also set some cups and saucers for some coffee after dinner .
They are in the cupboard where you keep the gravy boat and serving dishes . Just be careful because the wine glasses are also there .
Sorry , but I ’ m not really interested in those things .
Really .
Oh , I don ’ t care about that .
Are they ?
I ’ m afraid I ’ m not interested in fashion .
But thank you very much all the same .
Hello . I'm trying to track down some documents due to arrive any day on our new L / C .
It's TH 15699324873 0 .
Would it be possible to transfer them to IBA Bank ?
Yes.We ' re interested in seeing the rooms for rent .
A nice quiet house is exactly what we're looking for .
That sounds just wonderful to us .
How about this afternoon ?
She's the one who saved the life of my son at the beach last year .
Coming !
What time does the next showing of Forrest Gump begin ?
What about the one after that ?
Cool ! They're big ! What have you got in there ?
Are you planning a trip to the Outback ?
Well , my pants are very slimming . They're capris .
Yes , the wine list is at the end of the menu .
Sorry , sir , but I recommend you Bacardi White . It's quite delitous .
I'd like to book a room , please .
Four nights , from October 15th .
A single room with a bath , if possible .
I'll take a front one.My name is John Brown . J-O-H-N B-R-O-W-N .
Absolutely we need a house here . But what makes me upset is the prices in this city .
It is depressing to hear the price goes higher and higher .
And the rich still wants to buy more , even though they have at least one house to live .
Yes , it displays some social problems and interprets the values of our white-collars .
Can I help you ?
One moment please , Ms White .
I've reserved rooms 402 and 403 for you .
Well they are facing the street
We'd like quiet rooms thanks .
Nothing , how about you ?
Oh , really ?
Probably not .
I don't feel like going .
I really can't stand going to parties .
Sorry about that .
Yes , can you tell me where I can find a travel agency ?
Thank you .
I'll give it a try .
Yes . But I don't know the exact time .
Oh , I see . I will tell my wife . Thank you for telling me so much .
Yes , of course . I am going to have my appendix removed .
Yes . Here it is .
Where do you think you lost it ? Outside the hotel ?
I am afraid , Ma'am , you have to pay 100 US dollars since you lost the key .
I am afraid no . It is not covered by this insurance .
We think the price is too high .
We'll have to discuss it with my boss .
I'm going to the hospital to see Susan .
Must I catch a number 7 bus to get there ?
Number 13 buses run much more frequently , don't they ?
Thank you , Henry . I'll get a number 13 .
Oh , really ? Where ’ d you find it ?
In the ads ? Are you serious ?
I ’ d like to hear about this apartment .
What is the rent each month ?
That ’ s amazing . The rent is very cheap .
It ’ s a good thing that you read that ad today .
OK , sir . Please wait a moment , we will check your room .
Sure . how would you like to pay ?
Yes ?
About half an hour , if there's no traffic jam .
I doubt it . It's not rush hour .
I've been feeling pretty ill for a few days now .
I feel chilly , I've got cramps , I keep throwing up , and I feel dizzy and tired .
Yes . I can't seem to drink enough .
No , just soda .
That seems to be a bit low , but that's not uncommon when you're ill .
No , but my girlfriend has mono .
Thanks .
My temperature is 39 degrees centigrade .
I didn't take my temperature but I felt feverish .
Doctor , I can't eat any foods because I had a sore throat .
Yes . I have my wallet stolen .
I don't know the exact time . Maybe I lost it last night when I was traveling on the bus .
It's a black leather one.There are my credit card and ID and some money .
Ideal posture is to sit straight , but not stiff , against the back of the chair .
Hands , when one is not actually eating , may be in the lap . Tipping one's chair is unforgivable .
Yes , I ’ ll have the Texas chili burger .
A large , with tons of ketchup .
I'll have a diet coke , please .
Take-out , please .
Cash .
Thank you .
The system crashed when I was surfing on the internet .
No , But does that matter ?
I see . I'd better never try .
Do you know what's wrong with my PC ?
Is anti-virus software necessary for a PC ?
I'm afraid yes . But what about the data I stored in the computer ?
Yes , please . I'll really appreciate that .
Oh , I have to check . Do you need anything else ?
That will be fourteen dollars in all .
You can buy the bubble wrap here , but you ’ ll have to stand in line over here to post your package .
It takes about 3 minutes per person , so it ’ ll probably be about an hour ’ s wait .
Sure . How many would you like ?
Are you sending them abroad ?
Do you have any going anywhere in the EU ? If you do , those are less expensive .
Ok , here you go . That will be 18 pounds and seventy two pence .
That ’ s another quid .
Yes , I ’ Ve come to inquire about a 6,000- dollar remittance from California . Has it arrived ?
My name is Jenny Clinton .
Really ? It should have arrived . It was sent a week ago .
Well , then I'll come again the day after tomorrow .
That would be very kind of you .
The phone number is 328 6765 extension 105 .
Yes , I am . I really don ’ t know anyone .
No . I was here last semester , but I didn ’ t find out about this class in time . So I ’ m taking it this semester .
How is it ? Did you learn anything here ? Why are you taking it again ?
That ’ s just what I need . Thanks so much . You ’ Ve been a big help already .
Nice to meet you !
Thank you . I'd like Chinese tea very much !
Yes , as a representative of IBM . I hope to conclude some business with you .
This is our common desire .
Yes , I have read about it , but I would like to know more about it .
Sure .
What , Hilary ? I ’ m really in a hurry !
I ’ Ve been busy , Hilary . We can set up a meeting to talk about the deal , but I still feel the same way . I don ’ t think it ’ s worth it .
Sorry , we don't . But I think you can fly on Northwest Airlines to Berlin and then have a connecting flight on Canada Airline to Toronto . And it is the most economical flight , just 1,900 dollars .
At 8 am . By the way , it also makes a refueling stop .
Less than one hour .
Not so long , just one hour .
About 13 hours .
You are welcome !
Sure . What's your room number , sir ?
A minute , please . It's 6215 yuan all together , tax included .
Sure . Can I have your passport , please ?
I am leaving at 10 , so I'd like to settle my account now .
My room number is 1010 and the name is Ted Black .
Thanks .
No , I haven't .
Ok . Excuse me , what's this charge for ?
Oh , yes . It's on Wednesday morning . Sorry about that .
Here you are .
Excuse me , ma'ma . Could you walk back through the doorway again , please ?
Airport security.Could you empty your pockets over here , please ?
Ah , a set of keys .
That's all right.Enjoy your flight .
Sure . Just a minute . Let me take my camera out .
I'm not sure .
I hope not ! Oh , I see .
The batteries are worn down . I need replace them .
All photography shops carry them .
I would like to have shelled shrimps with cashew nuts .
Strawberry cake as dessert , please . By the way , could you serve my main course without garlic and put less ginger in it .
Thanks very much .
I know , but there was nobody else .
I ’ m looking for a bookcase , but I don ’ t want to buy a new one .
Not really . There aren ’ t any used bookcases listed . But there are a few rummage sales on Saturday . I think I ’ ll go to them .
Not at all . These private sales are great places to bargain . And sometimes you can find terrific things among all the junk .
What happened ?
Silk market .
Yes , That ’ s right .
It's a perfect fit .
Cash , credit card , or debit card ?
Your signature here , please , and we're finished .
Bye-bye . Visit us again soon !
Of course . When would you like the call ?
No problem . We'll give you both calls .
No problem . Anything else , sir ?
Let me know if you do need anything .
Entrusting life to the care of a rope indeed requires infinite courage .
It is hard to come by in life that you experience this kind of comfortable !
Yes . What can I do for you ?
The volume is too loud . Would you kindly turn it down a little bit ?
We want to look at some of your products .
Could you commend me some moisturizers ?
Yes , that's right .
Oh , very good . I will buy this one .
No . Thank you .
It ’ s a skill . What can I say ? I don ’ t know why , I just have a long routine .
Jacob , you have the luxury of having a haircut that rarely needs styling . I don ’ t . I have to set aside about an hour and a half to get ready in the mornings . Every day , I wake up and head straight for the shower . Every second day , I wash my hair . If it ’ s a hair-washing day , I frequently need to wash my hair twice because it gets really oily . Then I usually put in a conditioner and have to rinse that out too . Because my hair is so long , I seldom manage to take a shower in under twenty minutes . Afterwards , I often put on a pot of coffee and get dressed while I wait for it to brew . I take a long time to get dressed in the morning . Every now and then I remember to choose my outfit the night before , but usually I do it in the morning . In all , getting dressed takes about half an hour , at which time my hair is now semi-dry so then I have to style my hair . From time to time I ’ ll put my hair up , but oftentimes I bloody it straight . And then , because of the texture of my hair , I regularly have to flat-iron it to keep it from frizzing . That ’ s another twenty minutes or so . After that , I have my daily makeup routine .
Not funny .
I think is looks great . I really like the light colors you have chosen . The pictures are nice too . Did you bought any new furniture ?
new furniture makes a room seem so fresh . I see that you also bought a new lamp for your bedside table .
that wardrobe looks quite big . Is it full of clothes ?
I like to get rid of clothes that I don ’ t wear rather than keeping them in a wardrobe . They take up too much space . There are several charity shops that you can give old clothes to . They will be
I need to buy some new clothes for the summer too . Perhaps we can go together one day .
Yet in writing , George has nothing on Frank .
I am worried about that Arden will display all my drawbacks in the performance review . That will be embarrassing .
I had a nightmare last night and I dreamt Arden told me that my performance fell short of his expectation . I was terrified to wake up after hearing that .
I know what you are talking about . The performance evaluation process starts from the day we're hired . There is no surprise during the actual review .
This is Mary speaking .
Oh , that sounds nice . I ’ d love to .
How long have you felt like this ?
It sounds as if you have a virus .
I'll give you something . I want you to take it easy and come back in a couple of days .
Good Morning , I have a bad cough , and I want to see an internist .
No , I don ’ t . I ' m a tourist .
Here you are .
I ’ d like to try traditional Chinese medicine . I heard it really works quite well if you know what you're doing .
No . The things are too expensive there for me . I can't afford it .
Really ? That's wonderful . Can you wait a second ? I need to change .
I will . Do you think we can get something really nice and cheap ? I mean this is the last day .
Should we ask Cindy to come along ? She saw the evening gown made of silk last month that she wanted to buy very much . She didn't buy it of course . It would cost her three months ’ salary .
When ?
Oh ? Isn't that like her .
All right , all right . I am ready to go . Let's go !
Let me see ... Wednesday morning . Yes , I am booked solid all morning . What ’ s up ?
I can explain them to you . It ’ ll just take about a half an hour . How about Friday afternoon ?
OK . Shall we say next week , on Tuesday at 2:30 ?
Sorry . I didn't know .
I'm going to use my ATM card .
Done .
No , thanks .
Pardon me ?
Paper , please .
Sure . Have you checked the weather report ?
No , thanks Mom . I'd like some toast and chicken wings .
Done . Oh , don't forget to take napkins disposable plates , cups and picnic blanket .
Yes , madam .
No , mom , I can manage it by myself . His help just causes more trouble .
I would like to buy two bottles of brandy .
Can I buy these tax free ?
Hi , Navy . Come in please . I'm just putting away on my books .
yes , I'm going to take a holiday tomorrow .
That's all right . I'm almost finished . Do you need my help ?
All right I'll read it soon .
Oh . It's nothing Navy .
Yes . I worked in a small machinery factory . My work was very simple and there was not much work to do .
No , I thought it was too dull . I'm capable of more responsibilities , so I decided to change my job .
Yesterday I saw your company's advertisement . Your company is an important international company . Working for it , I believe it can improve my abilities .
Oh , the company is the fourth largest machine producer in the world . It was founded in the United States in 1980 . I know that the company has made good use of advanced technology .
I am going fishing in Alaska with my friend , Mark .
What's wrong with heading out with Mark for vacation ?
Really ? Who made that rule up ?
That works for me !
We eat a lot of chicken , pork and beef.You eat those meat a lot in your country too , don ’ t you ?
Yes . I ’ Ve heard that people in your country like to eat lamb chops .
Yes , I have . I tried them when I visited your country last year . I thought they were very tasty.Can you cook them ?
That sounds great . I ’ ll boring a bottle of wine .
No , I haven't , but I've seen several interesting advertisements in the paper .
Either something in the hotel business or something to do with travel .
I know . But I'd like to try . Look , here are some advertisements that I've cut out .
Great . The view from this window is wonderful .
It looks new .
I like it .
Wow , it ’ s nice . What did you say about the rent ?
Does that include utilities ?
When will it be available ?
I like it a lot but I need to talk with my wife . Can you hold it for me for two days ?
Thank you very much . I will let you know as soon as possible .
Oh , wonderful ! You speak English ! I need to exchange this foreign currency .
It's Traveller's Cheques , is that possible ?
Yes , right , certainly . Here you go .
OK . How about this diamond necklace ?
Then . I'm sure you will like this one .
Sure . This is the warranty . The cut , color , clarity , weight and the manufacturer of the diamond are all indicated in this document .
Yes , thank you . I want to get a handbag .
No , I have no girlfriend .
I am afraid it is too big .
Too bad . But , is there any other leather store nearby ?
I hope so . Thanks .
Yep . And relive those good old high school days .
I'm not . I get a stomachache just thinking about it .
Ouch , that hurts — did you have to mention her name ?
It's nothing . It's not the first time anyway .
I hope so .
We have a requisition form on the company web site . What type of supplies do you need ?
How quickly will you need your supplies ?
We also will have to check your department budget . Do you know how much money you have for office supplies ?
Would you like these supplies delivered or would you like to pick them up ?
Fine , well just send the form to us and we will let you know as soon as your supplies come in . Have a good day !
Yes . I'd like to book a double room with bath .
I plan to arrive on August fifth and leave on August eighth .
Li Gang .
That's right .
I see . When can I receive your confirmation ?
I'll log in to the Internet to know about you . I know your address .
Where have you been ?
That's too bad . Please try to fix it so that it doesn't happen again .
Thank you , have a seat . We are working on the new project
Let's take a look at the Campbell Project .
Let's take another look at it for those of you who don't understand .
Yes , speaking .
OK . What time is it ?
I ’ m afraid I'll be tied up at 3 o ’ clock this afternoon . Could you make it 5 o'clock this afternoon ?
Fine . Good-bye .
Be brave , sir . It won't be long . I will fill out the form for you . What is your name ?
Alright Steve . Your social security number ?
Do you have medical insurance ?
Do you have your insurance card with you ?
Well , you can call it in later . You can phone us .
First I need to get your address . Try to move your arm as little as possible .
What are you thinking of making ?
How about making a teriyaki bowl ?
All it consists of is teriyaki beef and white rice .
All you have to do is cook some white rice .
Then cut up the beef and marinate it in teriyaki sauce .
All that's left is to cook it .
Actually , Miao Ping , I'm here to close my account with you . I'm going home , the company is transferring me back to London .
Next week , so I thought it was better to get this all sorted out as soon as possible .
Here you are , Miao Ping . Don't laugh at the horrible photo today , OK ?
Yes , I'm looking for a house .
Oh , to rent .
About 300 a month .
How big is it ?
Well , actually I prefer something a bit bigger if that's possible .
How much is it ?
What's it like ?
It sounds interesting . Can I go and see it ?
I'm easy to approach and friendly to everyone .
I'm quite outgoing , I think .
I don't agree with someone else's opinion if I think he's wrong , but when I understand his thinking and see he has some good ideas , then I'm very happy to go along with him .
Wow ! It's a fruit sculpture ! Your chef is a real artist !
You did ? Wow ! Where did you learn ... ?
I would like to buy a new fridge .
I was looking at this Kenmore refrigerator .
What's so great about it ?
What appliances ?
May I see the inside for myself ?
Wow ! You're right ! This refrigerator is great . I'll take it .
No , you'll have to get off at the bank , and take a No . 50 .
One dollar .
Two stops after this one .
Sure .
No , a No . 50 will take you right there .
What is it ?
Is the water causing any damage ?
I won ’ t be able to fix the pipe until tomorrow .
I ’ ll do it for you .
That ’ s true .
I ’ m all right with that .
I ’ m making a list of food and drinks .
What for ? For the party , of course .
We ’ re having a Valentine ’ s Day Party .
We ’ Ve invited all our sophomore friends from school .
That ’ ll be a big help . Well , here ’ s a list of some of the food you could buy .
Thanks . See you at five . Don ’ t forget to bring your valentine .
I had a really busy day . I had to work a little overtime . In the morning an important client called to place a large order . I had to check some things with my colleagues before confirming the order .
The most important thing was to check that we had the goods in stock . If the goods are in stock , we can deliver them immediately . I also had to check the price . This customer is very important , so the
I received a lot of emails from potential clients that I had to answer . Each time , I had to check files to see what we had agreed at earlier meetings . Each client has different conditions and required
Yes . That ’ s why we have everything on computer files . We don ’ t use much paper at our office . After lunch , I had to deal with a complaint form a client .
Yes , it was . I managed to sort out the problem , but I was tied up with the matter for over an hour .
That ’ s not all ! I also had to finish writing a sales report for my boss . In the end , I finished everything . I wonder what will be waiting for me tomorrow morning .
Yes , I would like to have a suit made to measure .
I want a single breasted suit . Here is the cloth .
My daughter . She is missing . I don ’ t know where she is .
She has blond hair and blue eyes .
She has a yellow dress on and red sneakers .
I just saw her down the street . I don ’ t know where she is .
Oh , it ’ s been uh ... fifteen minutes .
Will you be here long ?
There are many tourist attractions in Hong Kong .
Let me give you some brochures to look over .
I want to post this package to the United States .
By sea .
Great . Thank you .
I need to withdraw some money .
I need to withdraw $ 300 .
I want to take it from my checking account .
Thank you very much .
No . That ’ ll be all .
Oh , you didn ’ t know that apartments here are considered valuable , even if they are small and crowded ?
I don ’ t mind paying high rent to live in New York .
Yeah , but so what ! I ’ m proud to live in the world ’ s most exciting city . And , the salaries here are the highest in the nation , too .
Yes , please . That would be a great help . Are you sure you don ’ t mind ?
Thank you very much .
No , there ’ s no need .
No , don ’ t bother . It ’ s all right as it is .
It sure is.Can I see your ticket ? OK , fine .
About two hours out of Los Angeles . Give me the bags , I'll put'em on the bus . Here's your claim tag . Don't lose it.When you get off the bus , give it to me .
Is it all right to smoke on the bus ?
I see . Thank you .
There are different ways of conducting a job search . Do you know what you want to do ?
Can you work part-time or full-time ?
The binders have current local jobs listings and the computer jobs lists are good too . Understand ?
Schedule an appointment with a counselor and you can get more information . Would that work for you ?
Everything that you need for a successful job search is here . Happy job searching !
No . I immigrated here three years ago .
Yes , I love my new life .
I haven't had a chance to see it .
The lights were out everywhere .
They what ?
That's crazy .
Were the looters found ?
I hope this doesn't happen again .
I am , sir .
Yes , sir .
You're kidding . We'll never make it across in one piece ! Let's cross at the light .
If you want to cross here , be my guest . I don't feel like dodging cars and scooters !
No , I'm not sure . I think about 65 mph , right ?
No , Officer , not at all .
Well , I guess I just wasn't paying attention to the speedometer .
Um , because I was busy talking to my friend .
Yes , I was using a cell phone . I just bought it , so I decided to give my friend a phone call to tell him about it . While I did that I also turned on the radio and was listening to one of my favorite songs , and eating some food I had bought at a fast food restaurant , and , um ... guess I had too many distractions .
Does everybody need to be there ? Hilary and Jason are on vacation this week .
Let me take a look at the schedule . I ’ ll get back to you this afternoon , all right ?
Yes , I'm checking out .
Room 1419 . Here's my key .
It's all right . Please charge it to my credit card .
I will . Where can I leave my luggage ? I really want to leave after lunch .
Thanks very much . And good-bye .
Alright , sir . You are making a good choice.Honda has made a lot of design improvements in the new Accord .
On all our new cars , the standards includeair conditioning , anti-lock brakes , air bags , and an AM / FM stereo with a CD player.But on the Accord , there is another standard item as well.The Accord com
Why not , sir ?
Well , sir , I know some of our customers are concerned about cruise control.But Honda has never had a single cruise control malfunction that led to an accident .
You know , sir , you don't have to use it.You can turn it on or off . If you don't want to use it , you just never turn it on .
No , the sunroof is optional , sir .
Well , I can say that the new models will be here in August.If you order one now , we will have it for you in August .
We have this new model in red , white , black , or silver.These are the standard colors.Of course you could specially order from various other colors too .
I know the color you mean . Is this it , sir ?
Yes , you can.That color is very popular with Honda buyers . So we've kept it available .
You have made a good choice , sir . I drive an Accord myself . They are very solidly built machines , very reliable .
Alright , sir . I will get the paperwork ready for you . Just a moment .
I'd like a cup of mocha .
Medium , please .
Yeah . give me a chocolate bar also .
Please have them wrapped . I'll take them away .
Here's eight dollars . Keep the change .
I have a need for help with writing and also a need for help with the computer work . Which would you prefer ?
That would be wonderful . Sometimes we will be working together and sometimes independently . Would that be OK ?
We start on Monday . Can you be there ?
I need your background information before the meeting .
I'll enjoy working with you . Have a great day !
First , as far as I know , your company has had an impressive growth record . Second , I want to get into the foreign trade business .
I'm in charge of marketing activities in South-East Asia , for example , organizing trade conferences and arranging exhibitions .
Yes . Are there chances for employees to be transferred to overseas branches of the company ?
That would be good .
Oh , that hurts .
Well , sir . If you want to check out now , we will charge you $ 200 as well .
Well , the check out time is 12:00 o'clock everyday , if you checked out after 15:00 , we have to charge you for another day .
Sure , you want a continental one or an American one ?
OK , sir , yours will be ready in a few seconds .
A cup of coffee and an apple pie . How about you ?
Why don't you drink coffee ?
It does taste weird .
I bought this toy gun from your store two weeks ago . My son played with it only twice and it broke .
Yes , and I have the warranty , too .
I'd like you to replace this one without charge if you can .
No , thanks . I've had enough .
To tell you the truth , I am on a diet .
Well , I am gaining weight these days , and I have to watch my calories .
Yes . We've got plenty of tables in stock . Will you have a look at this one ?
How about this one ?
Seventy US dollars .
Of course . We are always at your service .
You are welcome .
She had a very impressive resume , but she seemed to lack the confidence that I think a good manager needs .
Did you notice the way that she avoided making eye contact with us while she talked ?
When she first walked into the room to greet us , she didn't shake our hands or introduce herself at all . I thought that was a bit unprofessional .
It sure would . Did you also notice the way she slouched in her chair during most of the interview ? She had horrible posture !
On top fo all of that , she didn't seem to have any sense about people's personal space . she didn't keep enough distance between us when during the meeting .
Don't worry , we'll find someone eventually !
All right . Should I take a look at your battery ?
¥ 200 , please .
Do you want to go get something to drink ?
What did you want to drink ?
Do you know that soda doesn't quench your thirst ?
Soda is really bad for you .
You're supposed to drink water when you're dehydrated .
That's what will keep you from being thirsty .
Thanks . But I'm not so sure . Interviews stress me out .
I ’ ll do my best , but sometimes I have trouble being myself in stressful situations .
Yes ... ah ! I forgot to include my e-mail address .
I ’ ll be sure and do that . I also need to pick out the right suit , shirt , and tie for this interview .
Sort of . I prepared a list of all the people who can vouch for my experience and good work ethic .
Sorry , you ’ re not on it . I don ’ t think using my brother as a reference would be very convincing !
Lindsay , of course , I will be more than happy to recommend her to you .
She freelanced with us for 3 years . She was always consistent and punctual with her assignments and a pleasure to work with .
She ’ s a consummate professional and a team-player . I have utmost confidence in her abilities . You can ’ t go wrong in hiring her .
Well , we have some new Barbie dolls .
Here's one — the new , beautiful Digital Barbie . This doll is hot !
It's only $ 29.95 .
That's great . Anything else ?
The grand total is $ 32.42 . How would you like to pay ?
Thank you so much for shopping here . Here's your change and receipt .
Do you know what kind of internet you would like to get ?
You can either get dial-up or DEL .
DEL is the best choice .
It's a lot better because it doesn't tie up your phone line .
Well , with dial-up your internet is connected by your phone line .
That's right . You won't have that problem with DEL .
I'd love to help you ! What is your budget for the dinner ?
Well , what do you think about our very own hotel restaurant ? It is very upscale , with a three-star rating .
The Gramercy Tavern is highly rated . It has great food and live jazz , but it's not cheap .
I'm already dialing , sir .
That would be great . Thanks !
Yes , I'd like to try the blueberry pie .
No , I'm stuffed . I'm ready for the check .
Thank you .
No , not very much . He's too ambitious and dishonest .
Yes . They are completely different . Paul is very sociable and much more honest than his brother .
I think I'm polite , careful , relaxed and shy .
Well . Yes , but those people always start talking to me . I never talk to them first.Perhaps I'm not as shy as I think . Anyway , you're certainly not shy !
So , you'll be at my birthday party on Friday ?
I fed them earlier today .
Okay , I'll do that later .
I know . What time is their appointment ?
I got it . I will remember .
Yes . What can I do for you ?
That's cool . What documents do I need to carry ?
I will need you to take your clothes off from the waist up and put on the gown , leaving the opening in the back .
I will need you to face this glass plate right over here .
Your arms need to be raised to shoulder height .
So far , so good .
I am not leaving . I just need you to take a really deep breath , hold it , and then let it out .
You will be able to put your clothes on as soon as I have checked the film .
Have you settled the bill ?
OK , 400 Yuan please .
Sure , what do you need ?
Well . First you have to turn this switch on .
Now press this button .
Just a second . I'll go get some .
For what days , madam ?
Do you prefer an aisle or a window seat ?
How would like to pay ?
I have booked you for one window seat on American airline flight No . 409 . Have a good trip !
Surely it is .
You can nod or ask questions at the right time to show that you have already understood or you are quite interested in his words .
Don't move from time to time . It is very impolite and will make you nervous .
The best would be you have a smile on your face in the interview to win a good impression of the interviewer .
Throughout the interview you should maintain patience .
Only in this way can you leave the interviewer a good impression and achieve success .
Fine , thanks .
Well , yes , there is something wrong actually . Perhaps you can give me some advice .
Well , last night when I returned from the theatre , I found that I'd lost my wallet .
Well , some money . of course , my visa , all my identity cards and some photos .
Yes , I've already done that , and they said they'd look for it . But we're leaving soon and I need my visa and identity cards badly .
Yes , quite sure .
But that takes too long .
Alex . It ’ s Nancy over in Marketing . I ’ Ve got some good news for you .
Mr . Morris was so pleased with your sales work on his account that he went straight to the top with it . He wrote a letter about it to Mr . Macmillan !
Here you are . Do you need glue ?
You ’ re welcome .
I had a bad start of the day . I was stuck in a bad traffic jam on my way and I missed my morning meeting .
It is ok . My boss briefs me later on .
Err , kind of . You know this traffic jam is really bad with so many new cars hitting the streets these days .
yes , I just adopted her from the humane society this weekend .
well , i wanted to get a pet that wouldn't disturb the neighbors . at the same time , I wanted a pet that would be affectionate .
if you cuddle them a lot when they are very young , they can be just as affectionate as dogs or cats .
not really . I went to the veterinarian to get her vaccinated and she told me that all I needed to do was to make sure to trim its nails from time to time , to give her food and water , and to clean its
No , rabbits aren't very stinky . As long as your clean the cage on a regular basis , it's not too bad .
you can't train them like you can train dogs , but you can train them to do some things . For example , you can train them to go the bathroom in a special rabbit toilet .
not yet . She's pretty tame . I think she must be used to being around lots of different people .
No , it doesn't . There's no through bus to the National History Museum , madam .
You can transfer Fuchengmen .
Well , it's only three stops from here .
You're welcome .
Yes , this is the right bus .
Don't worry . I'll call out the stops .
No , don't worry . I'll get you off when you get there .
No , not that long . Two more stops , and you'll get off , sir .
Not at all .
We haven't had any problems so far . They offer a 24 - hour technical back-up service . We've called them in three times this month . They always arrive within a couple of hours .
No . There's no call-out fee . It's included in the annual service contract .
What about a motel ?
It's a hotel but cheaper and offers free parking .
Then let's stay in a motel . I am sure you will like it .
I love stir fry crispy bitesize vegetables covered in a mixture of soy sauce and oyster sauce . Wilted greens and fresh bean sprouts . Throw in some onion and garlic and ginger ! Mmm ! Mmm ! It ’ s almost lunchtime . I would die for a plate of stir fry right now !
What ? You call that a stir fry ? More meat than vegetables ? That ’ s the worst insult you could throw at a Chinese stir fry . What a disgrace to the wok she fried it in ! What you had is equivalent to a fajita without the wrap !
I was planning on making some kind of vegetable .
What kind of vegetable do you want ?
How do you want it ?
I can boil it , grill it , or microwave it .
Is that really what you want ?
I guess I can do that .
Go right ahead .
Of course , what's the problem ?
Sure thing .
There is one just around the corner .
The price is moderate , but their work is sometimes not satisfactory .
No , there is not , as far as I know .
I live in Beijing .
My permanent address is Apt . 401 , 238 Zhongshan Road , Beijing .
My birthplace is Suzhou .
My domicile is Beijing .
( My telephone number is ) 139xxxxx345 .
I see , sir.Those two ladies in front of your room did the same thing twenty minutes ago .
I'm afraid we have no extra key.So I'll send somebody to your room .
Please drop it at the front desk when you leave tie hotel .
It looks very nice and the food looks delicious .
Really ?
No , I haven ’ t . I have never eaten jellyfish before .
No , I have not and I ’ m not sure I want to try them now .
Follow me and I will lead you to your seat .
Of course .
I am sorry , I didn ’ t catch what you said . Could you repeat it please ?
Sorry , my English isn ’ t so good . Could you speak a little slower ?
I ’ m sure I can do it well . I ’ Ve always wanted to be the best in whatever I did . Give me a chance .
You ’ re questioning my ability ? I tell ya , I can make it ! I ’ ll talk to your boss .
You think so ? Let ’ s take a chance !
Yes , just follow the porter , Mr.Wilson .
It's for free , because your computers are still in the period of guarantee--two years .
They are working in another factory to provide maintenance right now . Let me call them and see whether they have solved the problem . Please wait a moment .
That's wonderful . I appreciate your efficiency and cooperation .
Thank you again !
Yes , I have a driving license .
Sure .
That's fine with me .
As long as it isn't too far from this city , I don't mind .
I think I can commute that far without any trouble .
No , nothing in particular . Thank you .
Yes , but I don't mind working hard .
This is John .
I wonder if I can use your bike .
I see . What is your baggage ? And do you remember the tag's number or color ?
Could you give me a description of your case ?
I'll check it for you . I've found it . Is this yours ?
Will you show me your key card , please ?
All right . Now you can take your case away
OK ! What about taking them outside and flying a kite .
What's up ?
Oh , I think it is .
I think it's because of your bad habits !
I know you have done a lot , but you always sleep very late . Sleeping eight hours a day doesn't mean it is healthy . Sleeping after 12 is hurtful to our body , and I think this is your problem .
You should do better later .
I am afraid not . We usually design the label ourselves . You know we should be responsible for the brand labels of our goods .
What are they ?
That can be easily done . Is there anything else ?
We'll get the factory to meet your requirements .
Yes , of course . What area are you interested in ?
What size house would you like ?
Are you interested in being in a particular school district ?
Would you like a home near the lake or would you prefer a view ?
Fine , I will begin a search for the perfect home for you . I will call you in a few days .
Sure . What's this for ?
What about measuring the floor for a new carpet , and the walls for new wallpaper ?
Good idea . I was thinking the same myself .
There are a few considerations . Is this a part-time or full-time job ?
Basically , you really don ’ t need to do much of anything . On the Continued Claim Form , you will note that you now have a new job and also note what you are earning .
You will not mess up your job benefits by taking work . You can always come back and notify EDD that you are once again in need of assistance .
But our younger sister is the apple of her eye .
Well , we can do nothing about it .
I want to open another account .
I would like to open a savings account .
I have another savings account open already .
I would like to do that .
I only want to transfer $ 100 .
Great . Thank you very much .
Sorry , but he's not in . May I take a message for you ?
OK , I'll tell him .
The 486 .
Yes , it does .
It's about forty-five minutes to an hour .
Yeah , it's not that long of a trip .
It starts getting more crowded the closer you get to LA .
You're very welcome .
Hi . I ’ m Tom Peterson . I ’ m looking for a one-bedroom apartment .
That ’ s fine .
Well , between $ 350-400 a month .
I ’ d like to live somewhere near the university , or at least on a bus line .
As soon as possible .
Fine .
I would like to have a dishwasher and central air conditioning .
Thank you . This one looks nice . Is it near the university ?
That ’ s good . I ’ d like to see it .
I am sure we do have .
If you want some changes , just tell me .
Look into the mirror and see if it'll do .
Welcome here again .
Ok , thank you . All you have to do is focus it .
Thank you very much .
I'm sure it will .
Sorry.We don't have a printed one . Is there anything else I can do for you ?
Sorry , we don't . I don't think you can find any airline which offers a non-stop flight to Tokyo .
Yes . It is really a place of interest and we have the direct flight everyday .
I'll try my best .
Please tell me where your daughter's home is .
Turn right at the second traffic light and you will see it on your left .
It's a pleasure .
I found the ideal position . I ’ m working for a plumbing company .
Plumbing work requires mathematics knowledge , and creativity . I love this job .
I didn ’ t , but I applied for an apprenticeship , and since I studied math , AND I have a good attitude 4 , my application was accepted .
Do you need money or what ?
Half the dough huh . Well . How would you like to earn the other half ?
I thought you'd never ask . The lawn needs to be mowed and the garage deserves to be cleaned .
I've got a sore throat , a runny nose and a headache .
I am not very sure . Maybe for three days .
I guess so . It comes and goes .
Is that serious , doctor ?
Oh , doctor . Do I have to ? I am afraid of needles !
Oh , doctor , please ...
You are right . I won't cry anymore .
What kind of benefits are we talking about ?
Are these things negotiable ?
Vacation time is important to me . I would be willing to give up these other items in order to receive more vacation days .
Possibly . What do you have in mind ?
I don't feel like eating . And I cannot sleep well .
Yes , a low fever . I feel terrible . Am I dying ?
Before the meals or after the meals ?
You too . Have you lost some weight ?
Not some crazy diet fat I hope .
Good for you , keep it up .
The weather is so crazy . It rained cats and dogs last night , but cleared up in the morning .
Honey , wait for me . I am too tired to move a step further .
Attaboy , that's just what I am thinking .
Honey , be patient . It's better to wait than to climb with my legs broken .
Yeah , the scenery is beautiful . What's more , the air is fresh here ?
Of course not , I have to watch my American Idol .
I have some extra help with my project . What would you prefer to help me with , typing or xeroxing ?
That is very kind of you to offer to do that . Can you start with the pages on the table ?
I like your positive attitude . How many years have you been employed here ?
We have a really interesting project coming up . Would you want to join us on it ?
OK . I will mention how great you were about helping me today . I appreciate your help .
Yes . Sit down , please . How did you learn about our company ?
Why would you like to work with us ?
Oh , really ? Would you transfer to another company if it is not what you expected ?
That ’ s fine . Thanks for coming to see us . I hope to be able to let you know about the job within the week .
OK , what would you like ?
Sure and which one would you like ?
I would like to buy two exquisite watches for me and my girlfriend .
This pair is Rolex , right ?
What function does this watch have ?
Sounds good .
How long is the guarantee ?
How much does the pair cost ?
It is a bit expensive . But it is worth buying one's favorite . I will take them .
Thank you for your consideration . We will inform you of our intention as soon as possible .
Yes . I would like to check in .
Yes . I am Belen .
No , what's the difference ?
True . I always see him drinking instant .
Do you think that will be enough to make him have a change of heart ?
Yes , I'm looking for a cap.Size 16 .
Yes.It ' s a bit tight.Have you got a bigger one ?
Yes , that's fine . I'll take it.Can I pay by check ?
Yeah . That ’ s right . What can I do for you ?
Let me see . Yeah , all right . I ’ ll be over about two .
What ? But today is my birthday !
But Steven , why don't you ask for a leave ? ... Steven , why don't you speak ? Are you still there ?
Okay ! Bye !
My washing machine isn't working .
The water will not drain .
No , that's it .
When will you be able to fix it ?
That would be perfect .
See you then .
Come in , please .
Yes.How much is that ?
Would you please charge them on my bill ?
Yes , there is one at Sanyuan Bridge . It is a famous restaurant in the city .
I think so . I think you'd better make a phone call to see whether there is a table available .
Here is a tourist guidebook . You can look it up in the book .
It's a pleasure .
Yes , sir . We try to anticipate all our guests ' needs , including fitness .
Sir , the gym is just below the lobby . You can take the elevator or the stairs .
No , sir . It's gratis . Just take your room key so you can get in .
You'll be happy to know that it's open 24/7 .
I'm sorry , but no . We used to have a trainer , but then he had an unfortunate accident .
Not bad . But there is more room for improvement .
There were some gaps in your report . Please be more sorrow .
Sure , I used to work there . Go straight for about a mile , then turn left at the light . The mall will be on the right .
Yes , the address is 541 Main street .
No problem .
No , that way is longer . There are more stop lights on that street .
Yes , I'm looking for a book on Chinese history .
Could you tell me the advantages of it ?
There is something in what you said , but what is the rent ?
In my opinion , the rent is far more expensive than that in other areas .
Your intention is good , but I still can't agree with you . If no one would like to share it with you , you have to pay it all by yourself .
I agree with you in this way . But how often do you go to work or shopping per week ?
In my opinion , you have to go to the university every day , and the fare would cost you most of your living expenses if you live here far away from the university .
Oh , I'm sorry . I didn't see the stop sign at the corner . I didn't mean it .
Oh , sorry , I don't have it on me . Honestly , I forgot it at the house . But I have the insurance policy with me . Here it is .
I understand , officer . I guess it's just not my day today . I will accept the fine .
Surely it's a sound idea , Mr . Joey . But I have a few questions for you first .
First , can I know something about your financial situations ?
Thank you . And how is your business in the clothing business circle ?
Then what do you deal with ?
That's nice . They provided us with convenient choice .
I'd like to hear that .
That sounds attractive , all right , how about that we sign a one year contract ?
No problem . How would like your money ?
Here you are . Please sign your name here .
Hi , I ’ m Paul . Could you show me the apartment on the first floor ?
I like this one . How much is the rent ?
Does the rent include utilities ?
Where ’ s the laundry room ?
What ’ s your rule about pets ?
How come ?
who takes care of bug control ?
Thank you very much for taking your time . I ’ m still deciding . I will call you tomorrow .
I was in my friend's room , talking for an hour or so .
I came back to my room and found my suitcase was open and my camera and five hundred dollars in cash inside the wallet were gone .
Yes , this is my overseas travel accident insurance card .
All right , Steven . Do you have a flashlight ?
OK , now go down to the basement and find the circuit box . Open it and check if there are any fuses blown out .
You'll see it's black and has burnt smell .
Unscrew the burnt fuses and replace them with the good ones . You can find them on the rack in the basement .
No , thank you . Just the check .
No , it is my treat .
Yes , I owed you for last time .
I want haircut and perm .
Just cut a little off .
I'd like to have medium .
Can you tell me my choices ?
I want the chocolate one . I want to have it the big waves .
Turn the chair I can see myself in the mirror .
Beautifully done , many thanks .
Do you have Chinese medicine here ?
Can I have this prescription filled here ?
Which room are you staying in now , sir ?
Usually if you are leaving today , you'd better check out before 12 noon , and leave the room . If you check out after 12 noon , we will count one day more .
Since your plane leaves at 3 p . m . it will be too early for you to leave the hotel at 12 0 ' clock . We can arrange you to stay in the room until 1 p . m . ; but first you should still check out before 12 noon .
Yes , sir . Here it is .
Your bill comes to 60 dollars . How would you like it to be paid ? With cash or credit card ?
Would you please give to me , and will imprint it ?
Here you are .
Yes , that's a video camera .
OK . Do you have any advantages to work in our entry agency ?
Wonderful , I will give you a chance of interview .
Good morning ! Can you help me , please ? I'm looking for some books for my mother .
She's very fond of detective stories .
Yes . Can I help you ?
Yes , how would you like your coffee ?
We also serve sandwiches and cakes .
How long have you had it ?
I think you've got a cold .
I'll give you some medicine , and you will be better in a couple of days .
Well , I wouldn't call them rules , but there are some things that I expect my daughter to do .
Setting the table and doing the dishes .
I also expect Cindy to tidy up her own room .
Yeah . She's a very responsible person .
Do you have any rooms available next Saturday and Sunday night ?
A double room , please .
My name is Monica Cellar .
Thank you .
Lily , I ’ m not sure . Let me check , I think I spent $ 50 .
I know that I should learn how to save more , but I hope that we can spend a little on ourselves sometimes .
That ’ s okay . I ’ m sorry , too . It ’ s a good idea to prepare for the future possibilities .
I said it's a lovely day . Why don't we go for a walk ?
Come on ! A little labor , much health .
Don't take too long . It would be a shame not to take advantage of such lovely weather .
Believe I will . Look for me near the lake .
Yes . I'd like to travel to London . So I want you to make a reservation for me on May 1st .
That's great ! I'd like to take the first available flight . I'll need an economy ticket
One way trip . What's the fare , please ?
I see . Is my ticket confirmed then ?
Here is 2,300 yuan .
Yes , are there any planes to Paris ?
Yes , please . And I'll need an economy class open return .
Oh , that's right . They're filming a movie up there , aren't they ?
I wonder how all the businesses in the area feel about that .
The movie company has to pay them ?
Oh , yeah , they get to be in a movie for the whole world to see !
Yes , do you have any rooms available ?
No . I need a double and three triples . My family is waiting for me in the car .
Ok ... Here you are .
Is breakfast included ?
I ’ d like to use my Master Card , if I could . Hey , wait a minute ! This is a bit more than I expected . Why is it so high ?
What ’ s this here – “ house stock ” ?
I had no idea – and look at these charges for movies !
Yes , that ’ s right . But I had no idea I would be charged for all this . Thank goodness my company will let me reimburse all this .
Hi , David . What a beautiful necklace ! Dude , I ’ Ve never seen anything like it .
I think seven hundred is enough .
Well , eight hundred , then ?
Eight hundred and fifty . Come on . I have 4 kids , 3 dogs , and 2 husbands to feed !
Here you are , sucker !
I know . Did your mom double check on the church reservations ?
OK ... and what about the buffet and the cake ? Did your mom call the caterer ?
Great . She'll be so happy .
I am doing well . What ’ s up with you ?
The same with me . Have you given much thought to what you want to do next ?
How about interviews ? Have you been on any of those yet ?
How about the electrician program that they have listed over there ?
Let ’ s go see how we can apply for those positions .
I'm ok . I wish I could say the same for my friend .
he was arrested by the police for drinking and driving .
unfortunately not . He was charged with a DUI when he was in university .
not much ; it was a minor offence back then . He got away with a fine of $ 500 .
no , they were really easy on him . The problem is that that was a long time ago . They are much tougher on crime now .
well , he'll definitely lose his license , pay a fine , and maybe even spend some time in jail .
not yet . If we can't find a lawyer for him , then the state will appoint him with one .
that'd be great ! I know he'd appreciate your help .
I got a great look at him .
I can do that .
All right .
He's there .
He's number four .
I'm glad to help .
I'm Mr . Stephen's secretary . He has an appointment with Mr . Green today .
I'm afraid we have to reschedule it .
I'm very sorry . But Mr . Stephen must leave for Hong Kong right away .
That will be fine .
What happened ?
She did ? Why didn't anyone tell me ?
No , I had no idea .
Oh my God , that's great !
I think that I might .
Thanks for telling me .
Sorry , I don ’ t know the rule about punching .
Do we also need to punch out after work ?
How about the lunch break , Lucy ?
May I ask whether we need to work overtime ?
Our pleasure . We have several package tours you may choose , from ten days to three weeks in Europe .
I have one ten-day tour that is still available . It will depart from New York on December 24th .
The price for one person for a ten-day tour is only 1,099 US dollars , which includes round trip airfare .
Ok , but don't delay too long , or that trip will be all booked .
Yes , we are . Could we have the check , please ?
Do you accept checks ?
Well , I don't have any cash with me , so I ’ ll have to put it on credit .
Ok , please wait a minute . Can I have my food packaged ?
Thank you .
How about the Japanese ones ?
Oh , I see . I'll show you some .
We have lots of options , what type of job do you need ?
Do you want to work part-time or full-time ?
We have binders with local job listings or you can make use of the computers . OK ?
If you make an appointment with a job counselor , they can also provide you with a lot of information . Do you want to see a counselor ?
Well , you know that this job center is here for your use , so help yourself . Good luck !
I ’ Ve got all the presents I need , and my family is working together to get all the food ready . That ’ s easy ; but I have another problem to deal with .
No , I did that a long time ago . It ’ s about telling my son the truth about Santa Claus .
Yes . He ’ s never said anything so I never told him . But now that he ’ s getting older ...
Yes , he ’ s too old to believe in that type of things . And I ’ d rather tell him before the kids at school do .
I can understand . I was lucky with my oldest ; she figured it out by herself and didn ’ t tell my son .
Okay , if you'll please fill out these forms ... ( She hands the forms to the customer . ) There's a minimum initial deposit of $ 100 for the checking account , and a minimum deposit of $ 500 for the savings account .
Certainly . Just make them out to National Bank , and sign and date them .
Thank you , Rick . We ’ Ve got a very exciting encounter ahead of us today as two powerhouse teams , Brazil and China , face off against each other and try to qualify for the next round . Without a doubt , both teams are in top shape and this will prove to be a competitive match .
Xu spikes it ! Wow , what a great hit ! The Brazilian blockers anticipated the play and tried to block him but he managed to get the ball in ! Great play .
Brazil calls for a time out and we ’ ll be right back , after a short commercial break .
Take it easy . It ’ s no good worrying . You were on your last leg if you keep worrying in this way .
Hi , Dr Evans . Thanks for seeing me on such short notice . When I woke up this morning I had a really sore throat and a really bad cough . I think I am coming down with the flu .
Ahhhhhhhh
A little actually . My sinuses are a little blocked up as well-I really feel terrible .
Whoa ! So many drugs . . . I hate swallowing pills . Am I able to go to work ?
Ok ! Would you mind writing me a doctor ’ s note for work , otherwise they may think I am faking it !
Thanks doc , bye !
Yes , she's almost equal to Celine Dion when she sings .
You can bet on that .
Fifth Avenue .
I should have ?
You see , the bungee participants take a deep breath when they stand at the starting spot and then , like diving , their heads are over heels and they jump off into the realm of the combination of heaven and earth . The wind roars at their ears and their bodies rapidly descend . They do not even have enough time to do several gymnastic movements and they are rebounded to the upper air by the cord .
A young French fellow recalled his first bungee experience and said , " When I fastened the cord and walked to the platform , I was extremely nervous . When I looked down , I was nervous even more . If the cord had broken , I would be knocked to ' bakemeat ' . However , I knew my worries were unwanted . I was afraid if I retreated others might say something about me . I had to harden my heart and impose my head downward . I only felt wind wiring at my ears . My body rapidly descended . I thought that after only seven or eight seconds I was rebounded to upper air by the cord . In fact it was 30 seconds . Maybe because of my nervousness , I only felt seven or eight seconds . When rebounding to the high altitude , I felt a sudden sense of relief . I did not feel nervous very much , but very comfortable . "
It's about twelve hours .
Sure . Let me see ... at 6:15 a . m . local time tomorrow .
And that'll be 10:15 p . m . Taipei time .
I want to check these three pieces and I'll carry this carry-on bag with me on board .
Yes , it is .
Sure.How about this carry-on bag ?
How much should I pay for the excess weight ?
Yes . I'd like to .
Yes . I feel terrible . I have been coughing for the whole morning .
Yes . I feel chilly and sluggish .
No . This is my first Ae abroad . I am not sure what is wrong with me .
Thank you very much .
Uh ... I mostly just like to listen . You're the groom . Why don't you go first ?
How about " As long as You Love Me " ! You can pretend you're singing it to your fiancee Brooke !
It is . What can I do for you ?
Would that be a Fixed Deposit or a Current Deposit ?
We have various different types of Current Deposit , the Variable Term Deposit , a Notice Deposit and the Usual Current Deposit . Which would you like ?
OK , just a moment . I'll find the relevant data and help you with that .
Yes , I joined your group of bus tour this morning . You promised the journey will last 3 hours and we will visit 15 sightseeing spots .
But have 2 - hour journey .
Good morning . May I help you ?
Yes . Here's a booking form . Please write down the number you wish to call , the name of the person you want to talk to , and your own name for our reference .
It's hard to say . It depends on how busy the lines are . Please take a seat over there . We'll try to put you through as soon as possible .
Of course . I fed them today .
Sure , I'll give them a bath .
I remember . What time do they need to be there ?
All right . I'll make sure and remember .
Anything's all right with me . I'm not particular about soups .
My full name is Zhang Yong . Zhang is the surname or family name .
Zhang , Z , H , A , N , G .
My present address is No . 415 Green Street . This is also my permanent address .
My telephone number is 4837625 .
I'm from Guangdong .
My birthday is June 14th , 1985 .
I am happy that we ’ Ve finally cleared up some problems .
No . That's all , I guess .
All right . See you later .
Are you kidding me ? Why do you say so ?
OK . Let me see where to start .
Sure . You should include your name , address and phone number in your resume .
Your job objectives , of course . In other words , what kind of job are you searching for ?
Yes . And don't forget to list them by date . Besides , you should begin with the most recent and then move backward .
No , it's also necessary to list a few related interests that are in some way connected to the jobs you want to take .
You said it . At last you ’ d better attach a list of references to your resume .
And one more thing , smile widely .
Yes , please . I'd like the steak and mushrooms .
I'd like it well done , please .
I think i have bake potatoes.And i now have a ice tea with lemon on the side , please .
I'd like cream onion soup please .
I want to skip desert.That all , thank you .
I haven't gone to get it yet .
I don't know where to go to get one .
Where do I get it ?
I had no idea .
Thank you .
I'll buy it later on today .
I think something must be done .
You look a little lost , can I help you ?
Well , you can ’ t give her granny panties.Have you thought about getting her somesleepwear ? We ’ Ve got these lovely , silky nighties . Or , how about a nice panty-and and-bra set . Look , here ’ s a nice satin push-up bra , and you can choose a few different styles of undies to go with it .
Well , do you want a thong , some bikini briefs , maybe this nice pair of lacy boy shorts ?
Here you are , sir . I ’ m sure she ’ ll enjoy them .
I ’ m sorry , sir . I ’ m going to have to take a look inside your bag .
Well , Let's get down to business ( shall we ? ) Now is probably a good time to start our discussion , the main purpose of this meeting is to talk about the benefits and disadvantages of our new project .
I swear , I ’ m going to kill you for this .
Oh , yeah ! I had a blast ! I love sweating like a pig with a bunch of pot bellies who all smell bad . Sorry , I ’ m just not into this health kick .
I am wiped out . Thank you .
Never ! But thank you for inviting me .
Where did you find this apartment ?
Really ? I can ’ t believe you actually found an apartment in the ads .
I want to hear more about this apartment .
How much will you have to pay for rent ?
For where we live , that is really inexpensive .
I ’ m glad to hear that you finally found an apartment .
What's the matter , sir ?
No , I haven't , sir .
But sir , I didn't drink at all .
OK , I will blow .
But I ...
Oh , no !
It's one of the top papers in America .
I am sorry to hear that . Why do you want to quit ?
All right . Welcome back anytime .
I am glad to work with you , too . Good luck !
Thank you.That ' s the result of exercise .
No , but I am starting working out from now on .
Well , let's try a size ten . ( He gets another pair and the customer tries a shoe on . ) Looks like a perfect fit .
I'm sure they'll be fine once you break them in .
Thank you , ma'am . It's been a pleasure doing business with you .
We've had a few problems . One of the bolts has worked loose and a blade has snapped off .
I think the valve is faulty . I couldn't regulate the pressure and the seal burst . I tried opening the emergency valve but it was jammed .
Of course , ma'am . Tell me where to go .
All right . There we go .
I had to . I was missing you a lot .
So , why haven't you visited me ?
What have you been doing ?
I've also been busy .
Basically , I've been working too .
So am I .
Good coming . Are you through with the cleaning ? If not , we'll come back a little later .
It doesn't take much time . I'm used to tidying up my room myself .
I have a suit that needs cleaning .
Go along this street to the traffic lights .
That's right , and turn left at the lights .
And then right at the bridge .
Yes . The gas station is on the left . And you can't miss it .
I learned my lesson from the last experience . I didn't arrive early enough . So I ended up with a terrible seat , All the way up in the front row . It was one of my worst movie experiences ever .
By the way , it was really thoughtful if you to get me the ticket . I really appreciate it , I'll buy some popcorn , and drinks for us .
I'll be back as soon as possible . Oh , I almost forgot I'd better hold on to my ticket stop in case of they let me in .
Yes . I want to make a plane reservation to Shanghai , China .
Feynman Black . I want to leave on October 15th .
Well , I need an economy ticket .
Single . How much ?
OK . Here you are . Is my ticket confirmed then ?
OK . Thank you .
How long did you have in mind ?
Seeing as next month is our slow season , that should not be a problem .
Just make sure to turn in all the necessary paperwork to ensure there are no problems with the days you want to take off .
Yes . I had a bad traffic accident.Look , my car looks like a squashed coke can .
No , I didn't . That car was too fast .
I don't remember .
40 miles per hour .
Just straight .
No , I didn't get hurt . Thanks for your concern .
No problem . What floor ?
Oh , so am I .
Yeah , I know her pretty well .
Well , how many tax-free things can I bring with me ?
I think I have nothing to declare . I have just brought a bottle of wine .
It's nice to meet you , Mr . Cooper .
Yes , it was quite a long flight . I'm glad to finally be here .
It's quite good . I will take it .
Well . I am a traveler from China . Would you please mail to China ?
$ 40 .
We receive credit card as well .
There is one next to the post office , round the corner .
Sure . Where shall I begin ?
I went to the university of Ohio , in America .
I got a bachelor ’ s degree .
I majored in English and minored in Chinese .
I graduated with honors . I had a 3.9 .
Yes . I ’ d like to obtain a master ’ s degree in international relations .
After I have 3-4 years of work experience .
Come in , please .
Oh , very good . I've been waiting for your report all week .
OK , I will see it soon . You can go back now .
Bye .
How would you like to pay ?
Cash or card is fine .
No , I haven't had a chance to take the exam as I have just arrived here .
B :: All right . I graduated from the nursing school of Beijing Medical University . The nursing school offered such courses as nursing science , nursing psychology , nursing ethics , internal medicine , surgery , pediatrics , and so on .
I've got a suit , a woolen sweater and a white shirt to wash .
That's OK . But that must be costly .
Oh , my wife just threw them into the washer .
I see . The woolen sweater shrunk in the wash .
Oh , thanks . You know , I know little about this , so please tell me something that I should pay more attention to when I do washing .
I'll keep that in mind . And how much is it altogether ?
Good morning , nurse . I want to see the dentist , please .
No , I don't .
Yes , it is . It's very urgent . I feel awful . I have a terrible toothache .
I must see the dentist now , nurse .
That's very late . Can the dentist see me now ?
I can wait , but my toothache can't !
What do you mean , Janice ?
I ’ m sorry , Janice . But we ’ Ve been waiting on the client . It ’ s out of our hands at the moment .
Yes , I would like to look at some of your products .
Well , to be honest , I mostly use Sarah Winter products now . But I'm not happy with them . So I would like to change companies .
What do you have in foundation ?
What colours do you have in foundation ?
The color I use now is rose . How much does this rose foundation cost ? The 100ml bottle .
Wow ! That's expensive .
I understand .
There's a service called ' A friend in New York ' . It's a personal tour guide service .
You give them your information by answering a questionnaire and they will create a perfect trip for you according to your budget .
You can easily download it from their website .
We only have spring rolls today for take-out .
Of course , ma'am .
Not long . They'll be ready in a few minutes .
Yes , please . May I get a glass of lemonade ?
May I get an order of barbeque wings ?
That'll be fine for now , thank you .
Excuse me . I'm ready to order .
Let me have the baby-back ribs .
That will be it for now .
We are happy to help you . May I know which one it is ?
Oh , it is conveniently located , isn't it ?
I believe it will . It comes furnished . You can move in immediately after the lease is signed .
Yes . But not including the utilities .
I believe that can be arranged . But there should be a refundable security deposit , you know .
Er ... Hum ... Got it .
Right !
I see what you mean . That was pretty easy after all .
It's interesting , I like being an editor .
I like talking to writers , I get to meet a lot of interesting people .
I don't feel bored at all . I'm getting along with my colleagues . I will enjoy working with them . People are great in this industry .
No , I have no complaints . I hear there are many opportunities to move up in this company . is that true ?
That's perfect . I will definitely do well .
Hold on a minute , please .
I'm sorry to have kept you waiting.Mr.Jones needs a telephone call from you .
I'm afraid we have nobody available at the moment .
OK.We wait for you .
I'm afraid I've got a terrible cold . What should I do ?
Yes , but I'm not feeling very better now . Actually I'm feeling even worse .
The next bus will be here in four minutes .
No , it's the number fifty-eight .
No , it won't .
Never .
That's right . The number forty-four doesn't stop here any more . It's stop is round the corner .
May I see your ticket , please ?
You can get a boarding pass at that counter . Do you have anything to check in ?
Then you could wait in the departure area after going through security .
Yeah , I think so . It is very simple .
Oh , I love him too . He not only sings well but shows perseverance when he encounters difficulties in the contest .
He had barely survived the third audition and finally got a chance to advance in the contest . Fortunately , in the third audition , he has won popularity among the audience . And that's when I started to notice him .
Before he made the top three , I was so nervous . I just fear that he might be knocked out .
Absolutely . That's why when he entered the finale , I was so excited .
And the host announced that he won it all !
Yes . How much do you want ?
One dollar to five franc . Is that alright ?
Of course we can .
10 o ’ clock in the morning to 2 o ’ clock in the afternoon .
Not at all .
Don't worry.The bus will arrive soon .
That's no use.This is morning rush hour .
Sure.This material is not only washable but also unshrinkable , sun-resistant , crease-resistant , resilient .
Yes , you have a good eye for materials .
Don't mention it . It's been my pleasure .
OK . I will .
no , I was thinking of putting a frozen pizza in the oven or something . How about you ?
I'm absolutely useless at cooking !
I know they aren't good for me , but they are cheap , convenient , and fairly tasty .
yeah , why not . Do you have all the ingredients ?
what do we do first ?
ok . Should I heat the wok ?
what about the chicken ?
how about the rice ?
white rice , please . None of that healthy brown stuff for me !
You don't have to restrict yourself to a taxi . We can offer you a private vehicle .
Some people find a limo to be much more comfortable than a taxi .
No upgrade of any kind . And where might you be going ?
When shall I tell the taxi to be here ?
The taxi will be here immediately , sir .
You won't have to wait a second , sir .
Single or double ?
Do you have a reservation ?
Then I believe you have a confirmation slip .
That ’ s it . What ’ s your name . please ?
Just a moment , please . Yes , you have a room reservation for you .
Yes , it ’ s .
It ’ s a inside room on the eight floor .
Eighty dollars a day . How long do you plan to stay Mrs Wu ?
Do you sign the register , please ?
Thank you , Mrs Wu .
Thanks .
Yes . This is Peter calling from New York , I have to change the date of reservation .
By telephone and in my name .
Right , but the negotiation has been postponed until 5th to 7th of April . Do you think it's possible for us to change the reservation ?
I'll have to check . Can I help you with anything else ?
Here you are .
I just make eye contact with him and nod my head . Then I tell him when he comes over to the table . Why do you ask ?
That seems a little impolite in such a restaurant .
Well , it was a warm evening , so I stretched my legs . I walked along the canal for a couple of miles . Actually , several other people had the same idea . I saw Bill .
He seemed ok . We didn ’ t stop and chat because we were on opposite banks of the canal . We just waved at each other .
Of course . What do you want to move first ?
Sure , go ahead .
I don ’ t have much contact with them .
No , I don ’ t . I ’ m too afraid of making mistakes in English . I don ’ t want to be laughed at .
Thanks for the advice . I guess you ’ re right . It ’ s just hard to overcome my shyness . I really will try from now on . I promise .
Excuse me , sir . What kind of drink do you want ?
Yes , but you have to pay for it .
Wait a minute , I will bring you some juice .
Yes , you do . The Hot Cap is back here in the corner . I think we're ready to put the curlers in . What kind of perm would you like ?
All right . What if we leave your bangs straight and just perm the sides and back ?
Around 30 minutes .
Of course . Generally speaking , dressing should be tidy and neat , and match well with your identity , age , and experience .
Professional suits may be the best choice .
Ladies should wear professional suits , either classical style or free style . It would be appropriate to wear a little or no make-up .
Name brand is not necessary . Anything decent will be fine .
Only when you dressing keep in accordance with that of other people around can you feel harmonious and relaxed .
In other words , too much emphasis on it is undoubtedly to neglect the essentials .
Tell me what the problem is .
What was the charge for ?
Are you sure that you didn't make that purchase ?
I apologize . What day was this purchase made ?
All right , we'll do an investigation .
No , you don't . We'll take care of it .
Yes , thank you so much .
Yes , my table is for 7 and it's near the window .
Certainly . Have you decided which material you would like the suit to be made from ? We have a selection of materials over here .
This material is a little more expensive , but is of much higher quality .
Fine . I ’ ll measure you for the suit ... shoulder ... waist ... inside leg ... forearm ... upper arm ... thank you . I ’ ll prepare the suit for you tomorrow . Could you come again the day after tomorrow just to check that the su
Yes , they are . How many would you like and of which color ?
Are you looking for a casual jacket or something formal ?
Thank you very much , sir . I ’ ll put the shirts and jacket into a bag for you .
That's true . You need to take some time off to relax .
When are you going to take your vacation ?
I really envy you . You know I'm not taking my vacation until December .
I'd like to buy a tie to match this suit .
Well , the color is all right . But it looks outdated.Can you show me that one ?
Really ?
It seems not or somebody has recently received a large fax .
Do you know how to do it ? I am not so good at machine things . I will have somebody do it as soon as possible .
I can confidently say that my Chinese and English are pretty good . I won prizes in many speech contests in both Chinese and English .
I believe every company has its own salary criterion . And you will give me a satisfying salary according to my abilities and performances .
Hello , yes , I opened an L / C with you recently . We opened it 7 days ago .
We would like to amend it , please .
It's all agreed , here's a letter to prove it .
I ’ d like to speak to marked Baker , please .
Yes , tell him Mr . Cook called and ask him to return my called as soon as he back .
Okay , Mark , What ’ s up ?
That was my line , Mark . I know we worked on the ad together , but that was definitely my line .
Do I have a choice ? You said the guy who was supposed to do it didn't show .
Just come over here , sir . First you need to sign in and get your photo nametag .
Would you like to donate to our alumni fund ?
Thank you . No . I ’ m late for dinner at my house . I really have to go .
I ’ d appreciate that .
Thanks .
I would like to get a double cheeseburger .
I would like everything on it , thank you .
Let me get some large curly fries .
Sure , how about a medium Pepsi ?
That'll be all . Thanks .
Thank you . Here you go .
Not back home for dinner again ? That's the third time this week !
You don't have to explain . Suit yourself .
We'll see .
Sure . How about the tweed ?
Yes , sir , where are you going ?
Get on , please .
I am not sure , sir . Generally we can , but look at the traffic . It's the rush hour .
We are really in a hurry .
I'll do my best .
Well , as I know this company is one of the largest and best in this field of business . It mainly produces toys for children . It employs more than 10,000 people throughout the world . The president now is Mr . Jackson . The Shanghai branch was founded five years ago with a staff of more than 2,000 .
May I work in sales department ?
I ’ m paid 2,000 yuan per month plus some allowances and bonus as that come to about 3,000 yuan a month . How much will you pay me ?
Do you have any fringe benefits ?
How about insurance and full health insurance ?
That sounds good .
Really ? OK !
Very comfortable . I think I will come next time . Maybe I will take some friends . Amazing !
It would be my pleasure to help you . What do you need help with ?
We have Techne , and it is available in lotion or cream .
I have heard that the cream is longer lasting .
If you take an antihistamine , that would help a lot .
It was a pleasure . Come back anytime .
Sure , no problem . I'll ring to have a city tour.on sunday morning we can go to the Great Wall , then we can go to the summer palace in the afternoon . In the evening we can have typical dinner in restaurant in Beijing . Quanjude , a restaurant serving roast ducks . However if you don't like above trips , we can go some famous places outside of Beijing .
What time shall we start ?
Ok , then see you in sunday morning .
Yes , Mr . Li . Everyone has been informed .
I see .
Here you go .
No , I don't think so .
There must be a mistake .
Wait , can you check these sunglasses I bought it in the second floor . I think they forgot to demagnetize it .
Of course I did . Here is the receipt .
That's all right .
That's great ! You need to prepare for it .
Get your hair done at a good hair saloon . Tell them you are going for a job interview .
Buy a decent suit .
Yeah , fine . And dressing shoes .
Not much make up .
I don't know anything about American food . What do you recommend ?
I'd rather have meat .
OK . Whatever you say .
I will tell you ahead of time , that there is a lot to sign here , but I will help you every step of the way .
Basically , what I need from you now is your driver ’ s license or some ID that shows your residency status .
We will be going through these papers one by one . I will be explaining them all to you , and you can ask questions as we go .
We do not want you to sign any documents that you do not understand . You may get assistance with any questions that you have .
This is the last thing you need to do , but it may take a while for the papers to be processed .
You might send it as printed matter .
Of course . How much would you want to ensure this books for ?
five hundred dollars , so you ’ ll pay ten dollars for the insurance . That ’ s two percent of the total value of the article .
We've got a beautiful two - double room with a bath an shower .
Yes , I'd like to make an appointment to see the doctor . My name is Randy Horn .
Yeah , I guess I can survive until tomorrow .
In the morning , if possible .
That would be fine .
I'd like to book a room for three nights .
From July the seventh to the ninth .
Certainly . As you can see , we have several three-piece suites on sale . Feel free to sit down and test how comfortable they are .
Yes . The price has been reduced by 50 % . It ’ s a real bargain .
Those floor lamps are very nice and you can vary the brightness according to whether you ’ re reading or watching tv . How big is your living room ?
I ’ d suggest you buy two . That allows you to change the brightness of the room better .
I'd been feeling pretty well until just a few days ago .
I feel run down , tired . I've been having headaches almost every day . And I'm not getting as much sleep as I usually do .
Well , I haven't been eating well , I guess . I usually only have enough time to grab a sandwich and a cup of coffee for lunch .
Sometimes I'm too tired to eat anything at all .
I don't like to take any medicine at all without talking it over with a doctor first .
Let's go get something to eat .
We can always go to the cafeteria and eat .
The food there is pretty good .
You can get whatever you want at the cafeteria .
They have really good chow mein .
It'll be fine .
This is Wang Miao from AB company speaking . Our CEO Mr . Green has an appointment with Mr . Liang tomorrow morning . But there is a minor change in tomorrow's schedule . Mr . Green has an abrupt urgent case tomorrow and he has to go abroad today . He wanted me to convey his apology to Mr . Wang .
And Mr . Green will make another appointment when Mr . Wang comes back .
Bye !
May I see your passbook .
This is a sizable sum . Is there any reason you are closing your account with us Mr . Lee ?
I see . Well for this amount I will have to get my manager ’ s approval .
Thank you . This should only be a few minutes . If you would like , there is coffee by those sofas over there .
Oh , it is really far from here . You ’ re going in the wrong direction actually .
It doesn ’ t matter . Go back the way you came . After about five kilometers , you ’ ll see a hotel on the side of the road . It ’ s a big one . You can ’ t miss it .
Take the next right . Drive about one click further , and you ’ ll see the entrance of the highway to the Great Wall .
You ’ re welcome .
Without traffic , it takes about an hour .
Yes , I think so . It doesn ’ t close until 5 o ’ clock . You still have plenty of time .
My pleasure , and have a good time !
I would like to see your summer suits .
Will it wash well and the color won't fade ?
Let's line up here . This line seems a little shorter .
Fish , beef , pork , chicken , vegetables and beancurd . For staple food we have rice , steamed bread , stuffed buns and noodles .
I'd rather take stewed cabbage with beef .
That's good , we can share what we have . Here we are . You go ahead .
I'm sorry I don't like it's a little too salty .
Yes , I like the fish cooked in sweet and sour sauce best . Try some beef , please .
Your appetite is good .
You can pick up your keys on Tuesday night . When you actually move in is up to you .
Make sure that you transfer the utilities to your name and tell them when you will be moving in .
An empty house is easier to paint and clean . Take a few days to take care of those things before you start moving your furniture in .
I think that will work out just fine . It will help when you move your groceries in and need to keep them cold .
My grandmother needs me to help her trim her roses that day .
Not exactly . Our address is ' www . zhilian-zhaopin . com . CN ' .
Of course . The website is ' www . zhilian - zhaopin . com . CN ' .
There ’ s a possibility . I ’ ll check it .
That ’ s all right . I ’ ll be right back .
Yes , it is . Kelly ?
Do you have a cold ?
Oh , no ! What about your presentation today ?
I understand . What should I tell Mr . Morley ?
Alright . Have you been to see a doctor ?
Do you think you'll be able to come in tomorrow ? Or should I call off your appointments for tomorrow too ?
It's rainy weather today . Maybe it's better if you just stay inside.Make yourself some chicken soup and sleep .
That bad , huh ?
Well , I'll cancel your appointments for today . And I'll tell Mr . Morley .
Hope you feel better .
Mary's is handling it .
Of course . Mary is our most experienced member .
I have no idea .
I was not aware of that .
You can't give me a break ?
How much is the ticket for ?
I have to go to court ?
Fine . Give me the ticket .
All of the produce is in aisle A .
Here you go . Look in this flyer , or check with the produce person .
I am a graduate of a technical university and have been employed as a technician with Company # for approximately 10 years .
I am looking for a growth opportunity , which I feel is not available at my current employer . In terms of skills , I am Microsoft certified in Windows XP and several other operating systems .
I see myself in a management position .
Yes . I received everything in the post this morning .
What's the exchange rate today ?
Great ! Do you need me to sign anything ?
Centrum ? We have bottles of thirty and one hundred tablets . Which kind do you want ?
And what kind of toothbrushes would you like ?
Sure . This brand is supposed to be very good , but they're expensive . Those are new products . They come in several colors and sizes . There is also hard , soft , and medium .
This one is 5 % off . That one has no reduction , but you can get a free tube of toothpaste with six toothbrushes .
Oh , to tell you the truth , I love the sky . When I was a child , I imagined flying into the blue sky some day . Now , I think the day has come . My dream will come true . And I like travelling very much and I enjoy working with people .
Yes , I think I am quite fluent in English . I got the certificate of the Secondary English Training last month .
The main responsibility of the stewardess is to make the passengers relaxed and happy during the flight . And good service is also important .
I just had a complete physical examination and I am in top condition .
Yes , I have two years of nursing experience , and now I am working as a nurse in a hospital .
My height is one meter and sixty-eight centimeters . I've never had any vision problems .
One of my strengths is my friendliness and open-minded attitude and also I think I have a warm personality . But sometimes , I find it is hard to tell others when I don't like what they are doing .
I'll try to speak in another language or I'll try my best to use gestures and draw pictures .
One second , please . All right , here are your painkillers .
You are welcome !
I know . I ’ m just waiting for confirmation on one of them . I can get them to you by tomorrow morning .
That ’ s all right .
Ok . I understand that we basically work from 8 thirty to 5 thirty with an hour-long lunch break from 12 to 1 , right ?
That ’ s fine . Is it OK to have a coffee break during the working day ?
How often do you have meetings ?
I ’ Ve met some of my colleagues already . I ’ m sure we ’ ll get on well together .
I was told to take a look at it this afternoon and take care of all the paperwork .
That ’ s fine . I need to learn how you do things here first . Salaries are paid directly in to our bank account , aren ’ t they ?
I want to try on this suit .
I'm afraid it's too narrow across the shoulders . Do you have a larger one ?
It's a bit loose . Do you have a middle size ?
What a pity !
The question is we only need one .
I should take the taller one for the choice .
Yes . I am Thou Ping .
Ping . P-I-N-G .
Yes , sir . It is Jane . It was given by my English professor when I was at the university .
My pen name is ' Dark Blue ' .
I like it very much . My name has became part of me . I don ’ t want to change it .
My present address is No . 21 South Zhongshan Road , Apt . 19 , Shanghai . The post code is 220150 .
Actually , I ’ m thirty now .
I was born in Xinjiang .
Han .
You ’ re welcome . For the moment , I have no further questions . I got a good picture of the job and the company . All my questions have been answered . Thank you for your time .
Ok , it was very nice to talk with you and I look forward to your decision at your earliest convenience . Bye .
No , ma ’ am . This is Sean . Steven ’ s out sick .
How do you do ?
My name is Jim Jones . Are you coming for the interview ?
If you want to speed up your system , you ’ Ve got to clean it up first .
You need to free your disk space . The simplest way is to use a Disk-Cleanup tool to remove temporary files and in store programs that you no longer use . Things should be fine next time you start . You also need to control what starts up . There is a program calls Start-up Delayer , It can help to set after how much time programs should be loaded after Windows boosts . For example , you can choose to set your Fox Mail program to load 30 seconds after Windows starts up .
Sounds like a good idea . I love to play on the jungle gym .
That's great . Then we won't fight over taking the same ride .
They are morning glories . They are cute , aren't they ?
I think so . Last time I saw dandelions and ladybugs near the pond .
It's really healthy to do some exercise there . The air is fresher and it's romantic to watch the sunset with your lover .
Let me see , I would like to work my way up to a senior management position with a company such as yours .
What would a typical day be like for me here ?
Oh , yes , I do . My present job is similar in that respect , and I think I ’ m doing a good job .
If we want to get this internet business off the ground , we've got to do something fast .
We've got to put more buzz words into the page text , so it will pop up when people search about our kind of products .
I think one of the least costly ways to attract business is to ask some of our neighboring sites to offer links to our page inside of theirs . If they have related services , they may be willing to help us out .
They are beautiful .
Of course . I will .
Let me see . Roll up your sleeve , please . Um ... it's swollen and red here . I'm afraid we'll need to take an X-ray to see if it's broken .
Then we'll put you in a cast .
Well , I ’ ll be glad to help you out . We can deliver what you need to your office .
We definitely need some new filing cabinets and at least one desk unit .
Thank you very much for offering me this opportunity .
I have enjoyed talking with you too . Thank you .
Yes , please . My telephone number is 367 - 1314 . You can call me between four and six in the afternoon .
Thank you for your interview .
I'd like a trim .
No , thanks .
Cut it short in the front , but leave it long in the back . Leave just a little over the ears .
Can you tell me which Sons you want to go to ?
You'll have to catch two different buses to get there .
The 268 is the first bus you need to catch .
Get off when you get to Fair Oaks and Washington .
Catch the 261 and get off at Sons .
That's all you have to do .
Well , if you can meet our deadline .
I also hope your quality will meet our standard .
Excellent . We will meet all your conditions if you can meet our demands .
How regular ?
You are kidding me ? It is against the labor law . They should be aware of their rights .
That ’ s not right , somebody should do something .
Yes , I wrote a thesis entitled English Education in High School and it was published in the Education Magazine .
Yes , I was chosen as a Three Goods student many times in college .
15 dollars per dozen
However , the quality of our exercise books is better than others . I can assure you that our price is the most favorable . A trial will convince you of my words .
This price of yours is out of the question . You must know that the cost of production has risen a great deal in recent years .
We'll have to discuss the problem later .
Could you give me an idea of how larger an amount you want ?
Then , let me check . For the large quantity you ask , considering the cost of raw materials , I think 13 dollar is our bottom line . And I can assure you this is the lowest price in the market in nowadays .
Haven't you met yet ?
I'll be glad to do it .
Can't you just take it from my account ? I can't be bothered with cash dealings today .
You mean , if there is any left over ?
Right , so the deposit , if I don't draw on it will be blocked after you get the Deposit Certification ?
Do you have trifles ?
Please bring me some trifles and apple pies .
Well , I just spend 15 minutes as so checking my stock bonds and booking an air ticket for my mother . Anyway , I have done all my work and it is about the time to leave .
Certainly , work always comes first .
Well , keep a low profile .
That depends . What is it ?
I'd love to help you out , but I'm a bit short on cash this month as well . I had to get a new engine put into my car , and that ate up my savings .
Let's see , I've got about $ 50 to get me through the weekend . I can only spare about $ 20 . I would give you more if I had it , I just don't have much money to my name right now .
That'd be great . Thanks ! What time should I come over ?
See you then !
You have to make an appointment before we can come out and install it .
What day are you available ?
Three o'clock is the only time we can come in .
I'm sorry , but that's our only available time .
We're completely open on Saturday .
That'll be fine .
I would like to have a roll developed .
How about tomorrow morning ?
The 4 x6 will be OK . Thanks .
I prefer glossy . How much ?
Thanks !
The movies .
It will be a piece of cake .
Have you got a single room for Monday evening , please ?
With private room , please .
How much does it cost ?
Could you book it for me ?
Me , too .
Nothing .
I'd love to , but I don't care for skating very much .
I like bowling , but I prefer to be along with you .
I don't feel like going out tonight , I am way too tired . I miss you , sweetheart .
How about the seaside ?
Are you busy on the 24th ?
Ok .
Alright and what is your name , please ?
Ah , yes , here you are Ms . Gleason . You reserved a single , right ?
Do you mind being next to the elevator ?
It's on the 7th floor . As you get off the elevator , you'll see it on your left .
Sure . Go straight ahead and you'll walk into it .
You're welcome .
My pleasure ! How much would you like to spend on your date ?
You should know that our hotel chef was trained in Paris . The service and food are world-class .
You can't go wrong with Gramercy Tavern . It's famous for its food , service , and live jazz .
At once , sir . You'll love this place , I assure you .
Well , I was wondering where those people with professional attire come from . Now , I know the answer .
To some extent , it is . Anyway , whether they like it or not , they do give people a very good impression .
OK , the job is a full-time one .
We need a person with ability and flexibility .
With an ocean view ?
A double room without a view for just one night ?
Yes , we do .
China National Textiles Import and Export Corporation
Our products are of good quality.Since the prices of textiles have gone up in the world market we've had to increase them on some items by about ten percent.If you place a large order it is possible for us to cut down the prices by five percent
It depends on how much you order
I'd rather use the CIF terms.You ' re welcome to come to talk about it in detail with your general manager and sign a contract .
It's $ 120 per yard including a 5 % discount .
But if you placed a larger order , we would increase the discount to 10 % .
Maybe we would consider a longer credit period .
Let me have a look . Oh , yes . This one is the IC phone and the other is the coin phone . If you have an IC card , you can insert it into this slot , wait for the dialing signal appearing on the small screen , and then dial the number of the person you are going to call .
First , you pick up the receiver , wait for the dialing signal , dial the number , and then put the coin into the slot , press the ' speak ' button . Then everything is done .
callous is a great Internet-based placement service that is available to you .
There is an area at the EDD Center that is set up with computers for you to make use of .
We can provide you with information that will help you understand what is available . We also provide workshops .
Our two most important workshops are Resume Writing and Interviewing .
Job fairs are popular places to look for work .
Jessica , I am very sorry to hear that . Why are you leaving ?
Oh . If you had talked to me first , we would have given you a raise .
Ok , good luck , Jessica . By the way , if you ever need a letter of recommendation , I would be happy to write one for you .
It is so terrible to be caught unaware .
Sure . So you should know how to deal with the probable questions and then make flexible reply .
State your opinion or argument first , and then go on with details .
If you indeed don't know how to answer , admit it frankly .
Confirm the question if you don't catch it clearly .
It can help you leave a deep impression on the interviewer .
I need to see your ticket . Do you have it ?
I'm going to need to see your ID .
You can't pay your fine without your ID .
We have to make sure that the person issued the ticket is the one paying it .
Just come back when you have your ID with you .
Only if you pay your fine .
Yes . Fill it up , please .
I don't really know . I have just bought this new car . And it's the first time I've gotten gas for it .
Premium , please . Thanks . Please fill it up .
OK , thanks .
Good . How much does it come to ?
OK . Here you are .
Hello ! Could I speak to Sheerly Lim please ?
This is Sue from work .
Er ? I am driving right now . Can you call back in 30 minutes ?
Hi , Monica , Richard again . Have you ever heard about our company ? It is an international one with good reputation . We have a lot of successful cases . If you ’ re trying advance your career , I would love to help you . XYZ Company is one of our clients . They ’ re in need of the talent like you . Would you be interested in taking part in an interview ? It is scheduled some time within this week .
Ok , I see . Good luck to you . You have my number . Call me when you change your mind . I can send you more detailed information about our company and jobs you might be interested in if you give me your private e-mail address .
You ’ re welcome . Bye .
Why not ? China is a wonderful country .
No , I'm afraid not now . I'm too busy .
Sure . What do you need ?
Yes , we just got it and it is fabulous . Well , first you have to turn this switch on .
Now press this button .
Just a second . I'll go get some . Then you need to send the file . Make sure you choose the right printer . We have a few here and you're hooked up to all of them .
It's the Canon .
I want to buy a ticket to Sydney tomorrow .
What's the exact information ?
How long is the layover in Melboume ?
Yes . I want a first class single ticket .
I have a room registered in your hotel . My name is Charles Hill .
Yes , a single room for March 28 .
OK , do you want it urgently ?
Right , here you are .
Yes , I ’ m here for an interview as requested .
That ’ s right .
Thank you , madam .
It is a great pleasure for me to have this opportunity for interview .
Yes , here they are . This is my ID card . This is my diploma . And this is my certificate for nurse qualifications .
How many of you ?
Yes . Babies under six months are free of charge . We offer 50 % discount to children under 7 . How old are your children ?
Altogether you have to pay $ 800 .
It's just some turbulence .
Don't worry . The pilot knows what he's doing .
Is he ? Yes . He looks pale , is there anything I can do for him ?
Certainly .
Well , yes . I ’ ll give him the medicine too .
No.May I help you ?
Oh , that's where I'm going .
Yes . We are looking for someone who are well-educated and have all-round experience as a manager .
Great . What about having a formal interview on Monday next week ?
It all depends on what you want to accomplish in your life .
It's a hard question , but I'm sure the reexamination of China's economic policies in the past may lead us to a right answer to the question . After the establishment of new China , our government employed numerous economics policies to stimulate the growth of China's economy . These policies , however , favored our domestic enterprises and protected them from international competition and these policies have contributed a lot to the rapid growth of both China economy and our domestic enterprises . After China's entry into TO , Chinese domestic enterprises will have to compete with their foreign counterparts . This new situation entails some changes of Chinese economic policies . These changes will spur Chinese enterprises to strengthen their competitiveness in the long run .
Yes , it does . Domestic enterprises of different ownerships enjoy equal rights for the non-discrimination principle grants equal rights to enterprises , regardless of their nationality and ownership . I have found that although changes of China's economic policies are numerous , these changes are largely based on the most important economic principle ot TO agreement-non-discrimination principle . Such an understanding of principle of the changes may help us not only to have a good insight into the changes but also to foresee the tendency of the new changes of China's economic policies .
Alright . Have you been to this hospital before ?
I understand . It's good you came to the emergency room .
I'm sorry , sir . You will need to wait at least a short time.We are very busy tonight . There was a big car accident on Highway 106 .
It is . But unless you are critically injured , you still need to wait.You aren't bleeding , are you ?
Oh , that's terrible . Is it your right arm or your left arm ?
Can you fill out this form then ?
That's very inconvenient for you then.You ' ll probably have a cast on your left arm .
Yes , it is . But even in emergency rooms there is some paperwork to be done.Have you ever been in an emergency room before ?
Yes , I find jogging does good to me , so I keep on doing it .
I think so , too .
Yes . I'm looking for an apartment . I'd like two bedrooms .
My name's Donald Eakins .
It's E-A-K-I-N-S .
It's 1446 Pine Street .
Yes , it is .
I never thought about that , but you're right . What do you think we should do ?
I was thinking about taking tennis lessons . I always have an hour to spare in the afternoon . What do you think about that ?
I heard it is only about one hundred twenty dollars a month for 8 lessons .
I need help finding a new refrigerator .
That Kenmore looks nice .
What makes is so great ?
What appliances are you talking about ?
May I take a look inside ?
It's very nice . I'd like to purchase this refrigerator .
Go to gate 18 . The plane is boarding now . You should hurry up .
Instead of walking.you can take this shuttle to get you there faster .
No , I'll call the attendants at the gate to tell them that you are on your way .
Yes , mum . I'm coming .
Oh , must I ?
Could I speak to Mr Wood , please ?
John eng
Well , I want to discuss with them the new control we said last week .
Yes , that will be easiest .
Yes , It's John eng .
01088256798
thank you for help.good bye .
According to today's exchange rate , every US dollar in cash is equivalent to 0.75 euros .
We charge a 1 euro commission on each deal . How much would you like to change ?
No problem .
How should I know ? It's not my responsibility .
Good .
That's excellent , thanks for all your help .
Yes , the bus doesn ’ t go there directly.You have to take the No . 26 bus for five stops and then change to a No . 16 bus and get off at the third stop.When you get off , you can see the bank .
It ’ s about an hour .
Not at all .
Yes . If you don't mind sharing room with someone else , there's one available .
800 Yuan a month .
Sorry , but I'm on my way out now . Could you come back in an hour ?
Let me help you .
Here you are .
I'd recommend you the Morning Paper , it is true that the paper is a newly issued one , but its circulation is rising . Last month , it reached to three hundred thousand , which is a very good figure for a new paper .
I think perhaps the news stories in it are truthful and accurate . It also has a special page about the stock market ; maybe this is the real reason for its popularity . Many people are now speculating in the stock market .
Hmm , I want to change my traveler's cheque . Here is a traveler's cheque of 3,000 dollars . I would like to cash this cheque , please .
Sure . How about my passport ?
I want 20 hundred bills and the rest in fifties , please .
Thank you and bye-bye !
I hope so , do you have a shopping skirts ? something i could wear working in a ban ?
It is nice , may i try it on ?
Does this fashion really fit my figure ?
Oh , thank you , just shows you what is going to max jemmy redate for all this body .
I thought you recognize she from there .
Yes , it is really good for my arms and shoulders , ok , i will take this one , do you have a blue in this size style ? i want one for my sister , she has a great figure and she loves blue .
Oh , good , do you have a discount for two ?
That is great , i will take this two , how much is that ?
Ok , 90 dollars , do you accept this card ?
Debit card .
No , thanks .
Thanks , you too , how see your maxes sometime .
Thanks , byebye .
Sure , let's take a look at the menu first .
yes , we can look at the computer and computer menu at the same time.And this will help us understand both better .
Right now I ' ll teach you to open files , save files and copy files . Are you ready ?
Sure . What do you need ?
Well , first you have to turn this switch on .
Now press this button .
Just a second . I ’ ll go get some .
Why do you think so ?
How do you sleep ?
Are you worried about anything ?
Well , there's nothing much wrong with you . You're under too much pressure .
Let me see . A roasted duck is $ 25 . A plate of pork is $ 6.50 . A bowl of beef is $ 7 . Two bottles of beer are $ 4 . That's a total of $ 42.50 .
Oh , sorry sir . We take no tips here . Thank you all the same .
Yes , I ’ ll have the Texas chili burger .
A large , with tons of ketchup .
I ’ ll have a diet coke , please .
Take-out , please .
It is a large-scale business , which has more than two thousand staff .
There are over 20 subsidiaries around the world .
Which ad would that be ?
Good , which job is that ? We advertised several openings .
Yes , it is . But we'll be making a decision on it pretty soon . Why don't you come in and fill out an application ?
We can discuss that when you come in and fill out the application .
I'm afraid I can't discuss that over the phone .
We're an Employment Agency .
Are there many accidents in the city every day ?
Please drive slowly , we've got lots of time . Safety first .
Hi , yes , I have a reservation . My secretary called and booked a room a couple of weeks ago , the reservation should be for a double bed , none smoking room .
It should be under Steve Johnson .
No , here is the confirmation number , would that help ? It is 898007 , I had the room booked with a visa cord card .
Yes , where's the meat counter ?
I need to buy some pork for the party . Give me about one kilogram .
I wonder if the chops are fresh .
One kilogram , too .
No , thanks .
Yes , please . Can I exchange money here ?
To be honest , I really wanted to exchange my GAP , but I suppose USD will be fine . I have some and I just need a little local currency for expenses . Could you tell me what the rate is like today ?
OK , that sounds fine . I think 200 USD worth of RIB should be plenty , thanks .
Thank you very much . I ’ Ve tried to keep it short and clear.If there ’ s any questions please feel free to ask me .
Yes , of course . Well as you can see from the resume I ’ m 27 and grew up in Brooklyn , New York , although our family moved to London when I was quite young , at around 16 .
Yes precisely . Although I was born in the US , I would definitely call London home . But as you see I ’ Ve actually spent a lot of my life moving from country to country . My Father was in the oil business
Absolutely ! We were never still for too long . But now I ’ m really looking to settle down .
Sure .
Yes , one last thing . How much holiday time do you give your employees every year ?
How about sick days ?
Any other benefits ?
Great . Thanks so much for your time .
Honey , you really forgot about it ? Think it over . It's a candlelight dinner .
It's our wedding anniversary , honey . How can you forget about it ?
Of course . I almost missed my own wedding .
Oh , really ! It looks so different . Our old place turns into a brand new place .
I can never forget that . I bought you five candies , but I was so anxious that I forgot to give them to you . You didn't get them until we parted . Then they had already melted down for I held them the whole time .
You are the one I should thank . You've done really great job .
I'm sorry . The agreement hasn't been fully prepared . It will be ready by tomorrow .
I will try my best . Here is the draft . Would you please go over it and see if any modifications are needed ?
How about the terms concerning packing ?
If you totally agree , I'll type the agreement this evening and have it duplicated for signatures .
I would like to plan a surprise getaway for me and my wife .
I think something in the countryside would be nice .
Sounds good ! What is the hotel that we will be staying at like ?
Wow ! This sounds like something my wife would really enjoy ! Are there any outdoor activities we can take part in ?
I ’ m sold ! I want to book this trip . I don ’ t care what it costs ! Money is no object !
How about the rowing machine
Cool ! We can watch Ally Mcneal !
What exercises can I do to firm up my backside
Like this ?
Sure , which one ? The red one or the blue one ?
You may keep it for the time being . I'm not using it now .
Sure . May I see your receipt ?
That's right . Try it on .
Really ? Let me see .
Ok , maybe we can order a soup and a salad from the restaurant down the street .
You eat too much junk food . That sort of stuff clogs up your arteries and is very high in cholesterol .
It's not only about getting fat or not , it's about being healthy . You could really have some health problems later on .
You are a lost cause .
I'm trying to send the instruction book by E-mail , but I failed many , many times . And there is something wrong with the net maybe . It's so slow .
I am used to editing with Word 2003 , and there are many pictures in the book .
I merely know how to send the direct letter . But I am not familiar with the attachment .
Can I mail the book if it is a large file ?
What if it exceeds the capacity ?
We have a team to make itineraries of the tour , evaluate the value of it for one tourist and recommend the routine for different tourists .
Yes . There are selected itineraries for rich and high-tasted people , common routine for people who are on trade observation tour , and excursion routine for people who have limited time for sightseeing .
Me neither ! Would you like to go in and buy her a gift together ?
We need to think about what she might like . What are her interests ?
You know , maybe we could get her some concert tickets . Who would know her favorite groups ?
Yeah , Malia would be able to help us choose a concert .
Good ! Maybe Malia would like to go in with us on this gift .
Wait for my instructions and then proceed accordingly .
What do you need ?
He seems to be quite qualified . If it is a personal problem I preferred if you would work out between yourselves .
10 fifteen a . m .
Sorry . You have to buy your ticket at the next counter .
Good for you . Did you use Paypal ?
That's the beauty of it , and the danger .
How much ?
Mmmm , sounds like risky business . Good luck .
Thank you .
Certainly . ( He brings her the sauce ) Here you are . Can get you anything else ?
Will you wake me up in the morning ?
At 7 am sharp .
Sounds good . I want to go get some coffee .
Do you want to buy a new bicycle ?
What happened to your old one ?
I've been using Jim's old bike but he needs it back .
Look at this mountain bike . It is only £ 330 . Do you like it ?
How much is it ?
OK , let's go and ask .
Here you go .
Thank you .
Oops ! I forgot .
I think I'll put my bag in the overhead compartment .
I see . Well , can I have a look at your phone ? Unfortunately , this phone can ’ t be used in the US . it ’ s not compatible with our 3G network .
Well , you ’ re in luck ! You see , if you sign up for our three-year plan , we ’ ll throw in a handset for free .
There ’ s no catch ! You just choose a plan , sign a three-year contract and , that ’ s it ! Actually , we ’ re running a special promotion right now , and we ’ regiving away a Blackberry Curve with our special Mega Value forty dollar plan .
Well , you get nine hundred anytime minutes , and you can also enjoy free mobile to mobile calling to other Tel-Mobile clients , one thousand text messages per month , and unlimited evening and weekend minutes . Oh , and we also offer a rollover option .
That ’ s right , plus the activation fee , the emergency services fee , the monthly service fee , oh , and any charges for extra minutes , and ...
How many times have you been here ?
I would like to sit near the window .
Thank you .
Fast food restaurants are popular now .
I'd like to have a steak sandwich and a medium fry .
Coke please . Oh , no , a cup of hot chocolate will be fine .
It's OK . I can always get a clear picture on it .
You'd better have it fixed .
I want to have a bath .
Shower , please .
How much should I pay ?
Yeah , most of them have arrived . Don't worry . There are still 20 minutes left before the match .
Of course . It's a newly-built one .
Hurry up , Benjamin ! Pass the ball to me . I'm good at shooting .
Oh , God ! I didn't touch anybody . How can I commit a foul ?
Yes , I got it . Come on , Benjamin , don't let him get into the paint .
Really ? You must be ...
That's interesting . Let's hurry up , we should beat them in the first half .
He may be injured . Yes , come on , call the team doctor .
I need a hat . Would you show me some ?
I like the black one . May I try it on ?
Yes , I thinks so . How much is it ?
Can you make it much cheaper ?
Leftovers .
From last night ! I took the left over turkey , mixed it with some diced peppers and onions , added a little bit of mayonnaise and made some sandwiches !
Well , I didn't leave the turkey out at room temperature for more than a an hour and I refrigerated it soon after we finished eating . Also , when reheating , I put it in the oven for fifteen minutes at one hundred degrees Celsius .
Don't worry about it ! Making a new meal out of leftovers is almost an art ! Not only do you save money , but you also get to be creative and have something different to eat !
Sure . What's your date of delivery ?
What about the balance of the order ? Can they also arrive at our company quickly ?
Can you deliver them earlier ?
Possibly , subject to quality and delivery guarantees .
I was looking forward to something a bit more substantial . As you know , we have long-time cooperation .
Well , let's shake on that and draw up the details of the contract .
I'd like to get some details about a Personal Housing Loan , please .
You see , I've just got married and we are looking at getting on the property ladder with our first home .
Yes , just a simple apartment , nothing too big .
That's great , exactly what I need to know . Thanks .
What do you need to buy ?
Where are you going to go look for one ?
You don't know where you want to look for one ?
Do you want to know where I got mine from ?
I purchased mine from IKEA .
Not at all , but you get what you pay for .
Hi , I would like to send this package to China , and these postcards as well .
How much is this going to cost ?
What ’ s the difference ?
I see . Well , there ’ s no rush . Please send it via priority mail . Please be extra careful , the contents of the package are fragile .
One bottle of perfume and a watch .
In Boston .
Oh ... I go to see my sister twice a year or so .
Nearly ten years .
I can't remember , but I've got the receipt somewhere.Would you like to see it ?
Yes.Does that mean I'll have to pay duty on it ?
Ok.Here you are.Is that all right now ?
Yes , I did . I had a fine time .
I ’ m fine . Thanks for asking .
I would like to make a withdrawal .
I want to take out $ 300 .
I want it taken from my checking account .
Thanks a lot .
No . That ’ s everything . Thank you .
Hello . I'm a Financial Manager in a local company and we'd like to open a Foreign Currency Account with you .
We have recently started doing a lot of business with British companies , so we'd like to open a GAP account . How should we go about this ?
That's great . Let's begin as soon as possible .
Yes , sir ?
What kind of magazines would you like , fashion or sports ?
OK . I'll be right back with you .
I know and they are really nice , too .
Me , too .
Good idea , especially at this price .
You ’ re right .
I should have turned it off . I ’ ll turn it off now .
I ’ m sorry , Jim .
Just a second ... Sorry , the line is engaged .
You ’ re welcome .
We design and assemble a wide range of electric generators for hospitals , hotels anc small factories . We specialise in medium-sized generators but we're hoping to diversify into larger models next year .
We export to Eastern Europe and the Far East . The domestic market accounts for about 40 percent of our total sales .
Thanks . You know , I just noticed that these eggs are fried , and I ordered scrambled .
Not a problem . I can just trade my plate with his .
Pancakes ? I don't like pancakes . I ordered waffles .
I can eat my bacon and eggs while you are exchanging my pancakes for waffles .
That would take care of it , thank you .
I have 10 years financial industry experience , working for several companies . For the past two years , I have been working in an investment banking . In addition to my analytical mindset , I have a background of solid accounting principles . I am a team player and have great communication and interpersonal skills . I thrive on challenge and work well in high-stress environments .
My background and experience include working on a variety of projects and jobs in the financial industry . Most of my experience has been behind the scenes , doing the calculations . I want to work with clients and continue to grow and be challenged .
I'm not finding the work as challenging as I used to . I want to find a job that is stimulating , where I can grow .
One of my strengths is my ability to be flexible . I've seen companies go through many changes in structure and management philosophy . I've had to adjust my style to the new environment several times . As far as weaknesses , I really enjoy my work , and sometimes I put in too much time . But by being aware of my tendency to overwork , I have learned to pace myself more and work less overtime .
She'd say I have a lot of initiative , I see the big picture and I do what has to be done . Second , I always meet deadlines . If I say I'm going to do something , I do it . Lastly , I have the ability to focus on what I'm working on I am not easily distracted .
I'm sure whatever you offer will be a fair amount for a person with my qualifications . Salary is not the most important factor to me . I'm looking for opportunity .
Yes , I do . What do you see as the future trends for the industry ?
I said , ' Do you need any help ? '
Just tell me what you'd like me to do .
In a second . Have you got a torch ?
Here it is . Let's go .
Maybe that's why some young chaps often spend a whole afternoon in a coffee bar , surfing the net or just typewriting something with laptop . While they are savoring a coffee at a leisured pace , they are actually showing off !
Then what about tea ? We need to bear in mind in the first place that tea , rather than coffee , has been the most popular drink for the Chinese people .
What a pity that the traditional teahouses , as depicted by Lao She , keep fading away so quickly in this metropolis . It is not easy to find an old-fashioned teahouse that suits the ordinary people's spending power either . Teahouses of today all feature a cozy , comfortable environment , and high-quality services , but can easily cost you a good deal — just like a coffee bar .
That sounds fantabulous . I have dreamed of going there for months .
Sure . I don't want to waste even a minute .
Hi there . I need to change some dollars into local currency . Can I do that here ?
Well , that depends . What's the rate like today ?
That sounds pretty good . OK , I'll change 500 USD today , thanks .
Several minutes .
Then , pass me a bowl for the soup .
Look for it yourself , please ! Kinda busy here , Daniel !
Check the drawer .
Can it hold soup ?
It smells sweet . Mom and May are gonna love it . Get them for dinner , Daniel !
Maybe you should look around for an outlet .
Outlets have more reasonable prices .
No problem . Good luck .
That ’ s going to take a while to put together , Paul .
I ’ ll get to work on it right away . Anything else ?
Great . Well , the main issue here , as you can see , is that our expenses are through the roof .
Well , um , sir , the company expenditures on entertainment and travel are out of control . Look at these bills for example . Just this month we ’ Ve paid over twenty thousand dollars for hotel charges !
The list goes on and on . Here , this is a bill for five thousand dollars for spa treatments !
Look at this one sir , eight thousand dollars were spent in one night at a place calledWild Things ? !
Don ’ t worry . I ’ ll open the window .
Smoking is harmful for your health .
Are you asking me ?
Well , you know me . I can always eat pizza , or spaghetti .
I know . Don't remind me . I'm starting a new diet the day after tomorrow .
Here you are .
I'm sure you'll look grand when it's done.Would you like to have a shampoo after a while ?
How about oil or spray ?
What's the matter , Andy ?
Have you hurt yourself ?
Try and stand up . Can you stand up ? Here . Let me help you .
I think that the doctor had better see you . I'll telephone Dr Carter . The doctor says that he will come at once . I'm sure that you need an X-ray , Andy .
Do you have your ID with you ?
Well , I need your ID and $ 27 .
Please hurry .
Thank you very much . Please fill out this paperwork .
Here you go .
Thank you . Now turn in your application at Window B .
Good afternoon . Lilian . This is Tom Baker over at Beck ’ s Trading company . We need to arrange a banquet for next Wednesday afternoon .
Well . We ’ re expecting about twenty-five people and we ’ d like to spend no more than $ 20 a head .
No , I'm not . I am interested in some scarves .
Hm , It looks nice , but I ’ d like to have something warm for the winter .
I think that's what I want . How much is it ?
It's a little expensive . Do you think it's possible to get a discount ?
That's good . Could you wrap it for me ?
No , that should be it . Thank you !
No , this taxi is free .
OK . Please get in . I'm glad to serve you .
It will take half an hour to get to the hotel .
OK , I promise we'll get there in twenty minutes .
Yes , Mr . Emory . Thank you .
We ’ re planning a June wedding , but we haven ’ t picked a date yet .
This is Rick Allen speaking . Can I help you ?
We have thought of you very carefully , but the other candidate has more experience .
Of course , I think so . But how can you prove to me that you are more capable ?
That ’ s a good idea .
Yes , I would .
It's sapphire . We have only one brooch of this type . Will you try it on ?
Only 700 yuan .
How about this one ? This is 500 yuan and the same kind of material as that one .
Oh , yes . Any kind of goods are dependable as our shop is well-known throughout the city .
Yes . What can I do for you ?
All right . Have you got an idea about what type to buy ?
Can you remember them all ?
Tina , you should have more nutritious food . Don't eat these crisps any more .
Have you ever heard the ads say anything bad about their products ?
Yes , I've been given so much , that I simply don't know what to do with it all .
What about these ?
I see.Thank you , doctor .
Yes , I know it is one of the leading industries in the petrochemical field .
Yes , I hope I will be a manager in 5 years .
Yes , this is Jin Lili . What can I do for you
There is too much static on the line .
Pardon ? I can hardly hear you . I will call you later .
Where ?
That'll be 64 cents .
Sure . The total comes to twelve dollars and eighty cents .
That depends on the weight .
Pardon me ?
Oh , I see . I'll have a beer please
Thank you . How much is it ?
Are you sure ? Then I'd love more beer please
Are you finished ?
Oh , sure . I'll be back in a minute .
That would be wonderful .
The rent is $ 1050 every month .
What is good for you ?
That ’ s not high enough .
I can let it go at $ 900 a month .
I can live with that too .
Sure . What do you fancy ?
Sir , the filet mignon was so popular tonight that we ran out . May I suggest the porterhouse ?
Perhaps you would like chocolate-covered strawberries with the champagne ?
Okay . This will be charged to your amenities account , okay ?
Your food will be brought to you momentarily . I hope you enjoy it .
Be relaxed . She is familiar with the area .
Ok , I'll go out and look for her .
This is room 504.The room is so cold .
Yes.of course . I turned it on half an hour ago . I don't think it work at all .
Good afternoon , I want to pick up a new shaver since the old one has retired .
I'm still not sure . The type with top quality , I guess . Well , which one do you recommend ?
It doesn't matter much . If it has high quality and reasonable price , it will be OK .
Do you have a warranty on it ?
If there's something wrong with it in a week , can I come back to change it ?
OK . I'll take one .
What kind of beef would you like to get ?
How many pounds would you like ?
What kind of ground beef do you want ?
I can get that for you .
You're welcome , Let me go wrap the ground beef up for you .
If you tell me the exact problem , I can be more helpful .
Allow me to apologize . I'll give you another room right now , and a full refund for tonight .
Sir , only your mother wants to please you more than we do .
What problems are you having exactly ?
That is high .
But your promotional materials claim the broads are the least expensive of their types on the market .
That will involve additional expenses for us , which we will have to pass on to you as a rate hike .
Well . I will tell you what , Mr . Li . I will review the contract and talk with management . Then we will get together and hash this out .
Mmm ... to be honest , I ’ d rather go for a pizza .
Ok , shall we go to Pizza Hut or Pizza Italia ?
I think you ’ re absolutely right . Ok , that ’ s decided then !
Yes , it is . Please put your luggage on this scale .
Yes , it is . How many pieces of hand luggage do you have ?
That ’ s it , my lease is up . I have to move .
The owner apparently is selling this place to make way for the construction of a parking lot .
I think I might move in with my parents for a couple of months until I can find something . You know how hard it is to find a decent place around here . I ’ m gonna have to put most of my stuff in storage for a while .
Actually , would you mind looking after my pet tarantula and snake for a couple of weeks ?
I'm sorry , but I don't think so .
Well , there's a department store on Grant Street . There are restrooms in the basement .
Between Second and Third Streets . The store is across from the hotel .
You're welcome .
Work is work , whether it ’ s a part-time or temporary job or a full-time gig .
All you need to do is fill in the blanks correctly on the Continued Claim Form , and the EDD Office will take care of the rest .
It is to your advantage to work as much as you can .
Yes , it is . What about it ?
I see .
Where did you hit it ?
Oh , Yes , I see it now .
Can I see your passbook and with your draft please ?
Let me just make sure . You want to withdraw one thousand dollars .
Yes , I would like to buy a pair of dress shoes .
Ten and a half .
No , I don't like black . What have you got in brown ?
Oh , Lord , no . Those are ugly . What else do you have ?
Hmm , they're not too bad .
I graduated from Hebes University .
I majored in Economics .
I take more than 50 courses in university , including microeconomics , macroeconomics , marketing principles , sales management , statistics , and so on .
I did well in university . I was one of the top students in the class .
I didn't minor in any subject when I was in university , but I attended English and computer courses . And I am currently studying finance in a training school .
Yes . I have given all the designers notice of meeting by telephone .
Yes , I have prepared . I have also prepared a meeting memo .
I have also got them ready for the lecture .
Sure .
I have prepared name cards to be put on the conference table for everyone to sit by . What time would you like to provide the refreshment ?
It depends on the type of the house you're looking for .
What ’ s your general price range ?
Umm , I think I would be hard to find something in that range in this area . You know the environment in the south mountain district is the nicest .
A two-bedroom house in this area is generally around 250,000 RIB .
I recommend you buy a two-bedroom house . It is very suitable for a couple , and some two-bedroom houses are large enough for a one-child family .
I know . There are too many cars on the roads these days .
Yes , there ’ s too much pollution too !
Yes , I'd like to check out .
Jack Remington , room 1408 .
Which of these is my bill ?
I see . So this is the bill then and the total is ... ?
In cash .
Yes .
I am Tim Green in Room 1021 and I want a wake-up call at five thirty AM tomorrow .
I want to change my wake-up time .
Tim , in Room 1021 .
At six thirty AM tomorrow .
Cheers !
I like it , but there is one problem .
The faucet in the kitchen is leaking .
That leak is a problem for my water bill .
The leak must be fixed .
I will not rent the apartment with that leaking faucet .
Thanks for understanding .
Yes , and you must be James . It's nice to meet you at long last .
No , thanks . I'm fine . Did you have a nice holiday ?
I stayed in L . A . and it was sunny the entire weekend . We spent most of the time at home but we did go see King Kong on Christmas day .
It was better than I expected . But , you know , I think I would have enjoyed skiing in Tahoe even better . Do you go there often ?
I don't blame her . I really enjoyed it there when we went a few years ago . I'd like to go back sometime soon .
Oh , it is my cell phone ringing . I set it in the vibration mode .
You are right . Some ring tone is just terribly loud . You can hear it even in the next door . It is really a kind of distraction .
Good idea .
Hi , Kathy ! I'm just doing my morning yoga ! You're up awfully early today .
How has school been going ? You come home so late every night ! You're really a hard worker ...
I just have some cereal each morning .
I don't always have time to make breakfast .
What do you have for breakfast ?
That's a good idea .
It doesn't take much time to make ?
Why don't you make me some oatmeal and toast ?
Oh , yes , that is a beautiful color . It has been very popular blush this season . I have two left .
Have you heard about our special promotion this month ? If you purchase at least 18 dollar 50 cents in any Elizabeth Arden products , you will receive this black poke with a sample of lipstick , mascara and two shades of white shadow .
I'd be glad to . Do you need anything else ?
That would be my pleasure . I'll wrap the perfume up in the gift box for you too .
And what does that entail ?
How can I do that ?
Good morning . Could you tell me the times of trains to London , please ?
What time does the 7:59 get to London ?
What about coming back ? I'd like to come back about 7 p . m .
Mmm , how much is it ?
Return , please .
An ordinary return , please .
You bought a compact car ?
Let me guess , from Sarah . It looks like something she would drive .
I love it . It's so festive ! And where did you get that cup ? It's got the same logo as the car .
Half past 11 .
No , it's an express .
Yes , luckily our office is just down the street .
Oh , I see .
I don't know yet . What's your idea , Dad ?
Dad ! It's cold now !
Ok . I understand that we basically work form 8: 30 to 5:30 with an hour-long lunch break from 12 to 1 , right ?
That ’ s fine . Is it OK to have a coffee break during the working day ?
How often do you have meetings ?
I ’ Ve met some of my colleagues already . I ’ m sure we ’ ll get on well together .
I was told to take a look at it this afternoon and take care of all the paperwork .
That ’ s fine . I need to learn how you do things here first . Salaries are paid directly in to our bank account , aren ’ t they ?
Yes , I did indeed . But , could you tell me what exactly the ' Priority Service Room ' is used for ?
I think of myself as a valued customer . What services can you offer me ?
Right . Is there anything else that can be done there ?
The list goes on and on !
So , I can talk to my Personal Banker 24/7 . That's really thoughtful of you . And I have to say , I love the new look of the bank .
I'd rather say it's confusing . what are those ' strict nutrition philosophies ' about ?
Probably , Rose . That must be the job of nutritionists .
Oh , believe it or not , I came across an article the other day , saying that pizza is a healthy food .
Yes , I felt exactly the same way as you did just now . Scientists must be crazy in saying so .
Absolutely right . I myself sometimes believe that healthy eating is just about feeling great . As long as I have enough energy , it's fine .
Rather difficult . How about you ?
Rather . I'm afraid I didn't do very well .
That's because you did well .
Why ?
The Grand Hotel .
Yes . Do you know where it is ?
It's the 11th Avenue , Park Street .
Yes.If you don ’ t mind sharing room , there ’ s one available .
30.00 dollars a week .
I ’ m on my way out now.Could you come back in an hour ?
Sure . The color is perfect for you .
It's made of cotton .
Your price is rather out of line , much higher than we expected . We can't buy with your offer .
When we say your prices are much too high , we don't mean the are higher only by 2 or 3 percent . If we are to place an order with you . I think a discount of about 15 % would be sufficient .
There's no point in making a counter offer because the gap is too great .
Ok . I can settle for that .
Yes . I believe you have a luncheon meeting this coming Wednesday.Could you give me some more information about that ?
Mmm , that sounds very interesting .
Yes , I think even though we are adults , it's still a good place for us to relax .
I want some exciting . Which is more fun , the roller coaster or the ferris wheel ?
Come on . Here is for enjoying and exciting .
I like ferris wheel more .
OK , let's go .
I strongly urge you to change your diet.You shouldn't eat too many desserts .
You should go to the dentist .
Well , suffer then . If you have a toothache , you have to go to the dentist .
Stop being such a baby . If it really hurts that much , just let them knock you out .
Good . You will feel better after you do .
Yes , we've got great apartments with charming environment and nice scenery . And they are all newly renovated .
No problem . We have a nice apartment located near the Oriental Square . It's perfect for people busy with office work . It is fully furnished with a service staff taking care of the trivial details .
Ah ! I get your point . We have just what you need . Our Jinyuan apartments have several floor plans . The one bedroom apartments are very economical , but their layout makes great use of a small amount of space . I think you can find the right apartment there .
Of course . It's just at 19 Lingual Road . You can phone me again if you cann't find the right place .
Well , let me see . What price range do you have in mind ?
How about this one ? This is just $ 20 . It's worth every penny of it .
Only English .
I have passed CET - 6 and I am proficient in reading and translating foreign materials . I have rich translating experience because I used to be an English translator .
I have received an oral English training and I can communicate with others fluently .
Yes , I did . I got 600 in TOEFL and 2 , 300 in GRE .
I started to learn English when I was in primary school .
The amount of English I know enables me to do general desk work . I believe the amount of English I know is sufficient to work in a South Korea firm .
Do you have anything to declare ?
What's in the bag ? Would you mind opening the bag ?
NO.You don't have to pay duty on personal belongings .
Yes , what sort of warranty comes with this stereo ?
What conditions are there on the store policy ?
O . K . How do I get the manufacturer ’ s warranty ?
All right , those sound good . I ’ ll take it .
We're coming .
Certainly . Come and choose the cloth .
$ 150 including the cloth .
At what address , sir ?
O . K . Your name please ?
One moment please . Very well , Mr . Smith . I need to ask you a few questions .
The interview will take about 15 minutes , and your phone will be turned on in 24 hours .
O . K . Mr . Smith . Thanks for calling .
Oh , yes , if you like.The large one goes to Washington.The other one I will take with me . All right ?
Oh , thank you . Thank you very much .
Excuse me . I will go to Wangfujing , where should I get off ?
We are arriving at Tiananmen . Please get ready for your arrival .
No , sir . The next stop is Wangfujing .
Please get ready .
We are arriving at Wangfujing . Please get ready .
Yes .
I'd like to send a fax to Shanghai .
Document .
Here you are .
How long will it take to get to Shanghai .
Oh , excellent . How much does it cost ?
Don't drive too fast .
Be careful.It ' s dangerous to drive fast .
I'm afraid I'm going to the gym for a workout .
I began to went there last month .
Well , I think I'm in better condition now .
It was at the beginning . You just need to keep it up .
Of course , yes .
You are welcome , Mr . Sun .
You certainly made a good impression on me as well .
We'll be making the decision by the end of this week and we'll contact you as soon as possible .
I ’ m in the middle of something right now . I ’ ll be there in a second .
Alright , alright . I ’ m coming .
You know what , I have to pick something up at the mall , so why don ’ t you clean the floors and I'll go to the supermarket and get all the groceries .
Hey , honey I ’ m back . Wow , the house looks really good !
Just a sec I ’ m just gonna vacuum this rug real fast .
Which train do you want ?
Sorry . There aren't any tickets available for the 19:00 train .
The next train will leave at 20 : O5 .
180 yuan .
Here are your ticket and change .
I see what you mean .
Let me handle it .
Hello , I need to make a dinner reservation .
We will be coming to your restaurant on Tuesday night .
Our first choice would be 7
Four of us will be coming .
Great ! Our last name is Foster .
I look forward to having dinner at your restaurant . Thank you for your help .
What kind of currency do you want ?
That's 680 Yuan .
You're going to have to make an appointment .
When would you like the installation to be done ?
The only time we can come on Friday is at 3
I'm sorry , but we're booked up on Friday .
Saturday is perfect . What time would you like ?
That's perfect . See you on Saturday .
Marry is not in right now , she went shopping with her mum .
That's all right . We don't go to bed early .
Why ?
It is all up to you .
Yes , miss . What was the problem with your purchase ?
Would you like to have them altered ? Or would you like a different size ?
I'm sorry , but this was on sale , so I can only give you store credit .
Of course ... here you are . I'm sorry the pajamas didn't work out for you .
We're glad to be able to offer our services to your business , Mrs . Wayne .
Almost twenty years . We were the first total PR services company of our kind in California .
Well , yes , but now we have six offices in California alone .
That's right . We are their sole PR sector business .
Not long actually . So I'm sure I will learn a lot from our cooperation .
Dad , I haven't thought about it . I'm still young .
I like playing the piano .
Look at the icon in the bottom corner of your screen . Is it flashing ?
OK . Try closing down all the files you're not using at the moment .
Have you tried pressing the Escape key ?
OK , you ’ ll need to reboot your machine . Press Control , Alt and Delete at the same time .
You might lose the file you were working on , but don't worry , the help desk can restore it . When did you last take a backup ?
I am .
Fine , thanks .
Don't make it too short . I just want a trim .
Yes , I do.That looks good . It's not too short.It ' s just right . How much do I owe you ?
Here is 4 dollars , keep the change .
We , I ’ d like to go to Australia . I know it ’ s far to go , but I think it would be something different and special .
There are beaches in Australia too , but I would prefer a more active holiday this year . We could visit Ayers rock and the great barrier reef . It would be so exciting .
Oh , come on ! A tour of Australia would be relaxing because you ’ d be doing something different and not working .
I think we should go for two weeks . We could spend a week in the bush and a week at the great barrier reef-including a few day on the beach for tired office workers !
We could hire a car and travel around the interior of Australia for several days . If we hire a car , we can go where we like .
It looks like I might have convinced you to go to Australia !
Yes . May I help you ?
Just a minute . I'll check if there is any availability . I'm sorry , sir . There isn't any table left for 7:00 , but we can give you one at 8: 00 . Would you like to make a reservation at that time ?
Usually , the restaurant will be quieter at that time .
Very good , sir . A table for 6 at 8: 00 this evening . May I have your name , please ?
Thank you very much . Bye .
Just a moment , please . I ’ ll see if she ’ s free .
Sorry , Becky can ’ t come to the phone right now .
I didn't really like it all that much .
Well , they are pretty new . I just didn't feel that they were ready to open yet .
The food wasn't all that exciting .
Yes , the service certainly didn't add to the experience .
Maybe we could try it again in a few months when things have settled down .
The doctor has examined your current situation . Since you are recovering so well , you will be discharged tomorrow .
First please get the bill at the doctor's office , then pay it either with cash or by check . Even though you're discharged , you still need to take a rest at home . Don't hurry back to work until you have fully recovered .
Linen.It ' s ideal for summer wear .
Certainly.It has been specially treated .
Yeah , what's the matter now ? We've had so much trouble with this case already . Don't tell me there's more bad news .
What ? What does that mean ? Why won't there be any results ?
Oh , no , you can't be serious . I never expect anything like this would happened . What are we going to do ?
Just name it , sir .
Regrettably , we're currently out of filet mignon . May I suggest the porterhouse instead ?
Would you be interested in chocolate-covered strawberries with the champagne ?
Okay , no strawberries tonight . The items will be charged to your amenities account .
Our staff will bring you your order in as short a time as possible .
She is my dog . I like her very much .
Her name is Fluffy . She is a sweet dog .
But I don ’ t like big strong dogs .
Of course ! Where are the things ?
Right ! I'll do it straight away .
Would you like me to leave the samples with you ?
Fine , Mr . Grant . Thanks for your time . I ’ ll talk to you next week .
Yes , of course .
Sorry , sir , you have to pay in the check-out counter . It's there .
Generally speaking , you are supposed to come at 9:00 am .
You should start from 1:30 pm in the afternoon .
Yes , but dinner was excellent
No , thank you . Check please .
Here is the two dollars , will you bring me the receipt ?
Please keep the change .
good morning , doctor . I feel terrible . I ’ Ve got a cold and I have a rash here on my neck . I ’ m not sleeping well either . What do you think the problem could be ?
yes , I bought some medicine at the chemist ’ s . I ’ Ve been taking it for three days .
OK . I can afford to take a fell days off work .
yes , I have . I had to get a project finished . It ’ s done now , so I can relax a little .
I have a bad headache , but ...
thanks doctor . I ’ ll get these immediately . Goodbye .
87 cents .
It ’ s on sale this week .
Here ’ s your change .
Never . But I have been looking forward to it for quite a long time .
It's 2065 meters . Come on . Let us keep up the pace .
Let me check , sir . You were charged for watching ' Titanic ' Monday night .
Okay , sir , bear with me a moment .
One slight problem , sir . I need to charge you $ 2 to remove this error from your file .
I feel your pain , sir .
I agree with you , sir , but all I do is work here .
Well , I'll consider the possibility . By the way , when do I open the L / C if I want the goods to be delivered in June ?
Could you possibly effect shipment more promptly ?
Very well , Mrs.Wang . I'll not reduce my order . I'll take the full quantity you offer . And I'll arrange for the Letter of Credit to be opened in your favor as soon as I get home .
Early next week . In the meantime , I should be very pleased if you would get everything ready . I hope that the goods can dispatched promptly after you get my Letter of Credit .
That'll be fine . I appreciate your cooperation .
By the way , Mrs . Wang , we have a mind to do joint participation with you on Japanese arts and crafts in our market . Would you entertain this proposal ?
If you feel our proposal is attractive , it is estimated that business to the extent of over twenty million marks can be done in this manner .
All right . Anyway , I'll be staying here for another two weeks . But I'm looking forward to having something done in this respect .
Thank you for your compliment . I bought this PC with my first-month salary . I am getting to know the on-line trade .
Yes , I often do business through internet now .
Yes , very gorgeous . Sometimes , I can deal with my business without stepping out of our house .
Firstly , it is convenient . And secondly , it has low cost , because you know you only need to pay the fee of internet service .
The most important is that it is very convenient . You know you can browse the website and send E-mails to your customers at any time . Even you can have e-contract with your regular customers .
Sure , but every coin has two sides . Doing business through the internet is not as safe as doing business through traditional ways .
Of course , such as Alabama , which is a famous website .
Can you break a 100 dollar bill ?
No , I'm sorry . That's all I have . Unless you take a credit card .
Good ! Have you got the recruitment information on marketing ?
Really ? That's great ! Tell me .
What do you think of this job ?
Then how about the others ?
I have heard about electronic commerce , and many people say it has good prospects for development .
Come on ! I believe you will succeed .
Good idea . I will think it over .
My fault . I didn't realize what time it was .
Not really . I'm telling the truth .
This is true , but it must've slipped my mind .
I know . I should've called .
You want to throw me out over this ?
That's fine , because if I leave , then your rules won't matter .
Yeah . I am so excited that Obama won .
That man just made history .
I sure did ! What about you ?
I am still in shock to know that he was elected .
I pray that he actually makes things better in this country .
I know he will , too .
You came to the right place . Any particular decade ?
We just got one in yesterday , so now we have six .
Yes , we still have two boxes left that have dancing figures .
That one truly is a beautiful piece of work , isn't it ?
Oh , no . Everything we sell here is ‘ as is . '
If it breaks down , maybe you can find a repairman on the Internet .
I was doing quite well at college . I completed my MBA degree in international trade with first-class honors .
I selected my college because it had an excellent academic reputation .
My favorite recreation is cooking . I learned to cook Chinese dishes and western style dishes as well . It keeps me busy and makes me happy .
Yes . I'd like to look at lipstick and eye shadow .
Well , brown .
But they're purple . I prefer a brown set .
Well , I'm not so sure . Most of my make-up is brown .
Can I try it ?
No .
Not bad . Actually , it makes me look younger . I like it .
You're right . I'll take them all .
Surely of course .
Yes . How long would you like us to keep it ?
I thought he only liked to listen !
( Sound of Allen singing ) Hey , Allen has a really good voice ! He sounds like Johnny Dean !
Sure Paula , shoot !
Yeah , What happened ?
And so ...
Hold on , Paula . It does sound pretty serious . But I ’ m sure you can work this out .
Sure , I ’ d be glad to help you straighten things out . Why don ’ t I stop by at about seven thirty ?
Yes , it is . But I'm afraid we haven't met before .
Hello Greg . Yes , that's correct . You see , we have just acquired a new partner , the transaction is huge . It's to be signed next month , and we would really like to have some clearer information about them .
That's right . I feel it's always better to go in with both eyes open , if you know what I mean .
The lady at the desk , Shelly I think , told me you offer many other consultancy services .
That's good to know . Thanks for your help today , I'll leave you with the details and you can get started .
OK . What sort of agent , exactly ?
OK . I ’ ll make enquiries .
Project Management . I was very interested in this course when I was a student . And I think it's very useful for my present work .
Yes , I have studied in an English training program and a computer training program since I graduated from university . I am currently studying Finance at a training school .
No . We ’ ll get a cab . It ’ s faster than taking the bus or the subway .
How much will it cost ?
Taxi ! ! !
Yeah . I met with them back in March , remember ?
Driver , 1600 Pennsylvania Ave . , please .
Of course . Here you are . Can I take your order now ?
All right . Can I serve you anything else ?
You've got it , sir .
I know it is not the cheapest on the market . But if you take the quality factor into consideration , you will find your company will benefit in the long term . This device is built in with the most advanced technology . Every aspect has reached the international standard . It is a worthwhile investment .
Well , the best I can do is to lower the price by 5 percent if you are willing to pay 90 % cash of front and 10 % on delivery . That is our best offer .
Sure , no problem .
It is tough to accept it , I mean . But can you tell me why ?
I get it , and thank you for your honesty .
For here or to go ?
Kevin Belknap .
B-E-L-K-N-A-P .
I'm so tired . Let me sleep for five more minutes .
I know , but just five more minutes .
I promise I'll wake up , in five minutes .
I realize that , and I can do all that when I wake up in five minutes .
I'm not going to be late today .
Thank you .
It's a blackout . Now I can't see Seinfeld .
Really ? How could you do that ? Don't you save every couple minutes ?
I've had that problem too many times . So I learned to save.When I'm writing something , I save every three sentences or so . I don't want to lose anything .
What are we going to do now ?
I wonder how much of the city is down .
Maybe . But if there's a blackout , probably the pubs are closed.And besides , I know you have a political science exam tomorrow . I thought you had a lot of reading to do .
I have a flashlight in my closet . If you want to use that to read , you can .
I like your idea of getting a beer . I think I'll go out myself .
No , it just won't work.If I read for your exam , you won't know the answers tomorrow . I will .
How many students are in the class ?
So it won't work , old buddy . They'll see that I'm not you . Sorry .
I'll be happy to get back to you with an estimate in the next few days .
Well , I would need an idea of how large your order would be . About how many units would you need ?
Please give me a few minute to calculate ... Our asking price should be about $ 100 per unit with an order of 100 . Is that price acceptable to you ?
Would an order of only 100 units , it'll be difficult to work within that kind of budget . Maybe if you were ordering 500 units or more units , we might be able to work something out .
My pleasure . Release the parking brake , and we're almost ready to go .
OK . Relax . This car is an automatic , so you don't have to worry about a clutch .
Yes , could you show me to your coat section ?
Oh , These are exactly what I ’ m looking for .
I'd like to try them on for size .
This seems to be my size .
Do you really think so ?
Alright , I'll get it .
Great . What about the surrounding area ?
That ’ s good . Is the location easily accessible ?
Hmm . . . well , maybe we can buy this one then .
It is so popular among people to preserve health now , so I read some books about health food .
Drinking warm and fresh water in the morning on wakening up is one of ways to keep healthy .
Warm water can be good for your stomach , which is empty at that moment . And freshness can keep the water active to clean your digest system .
Yogurt , because it has protein , vitamins and it is acidic . If you drink it everyday , your stomach will be more comfortable .
yes , it's a good company . But the management changed last month . We didn ’ t get along , so I quit .
I'm qualified for this position . And I've heard a lot of good things about your company .
You take care of your employees . And your company offers good salaries and benefits .
I've got over seven years ' experience working in this kind of position . I know I can do a good job in this position .
How is this one ? It's the latest , made of cashmere .
Sure .
Of course and very well .
Oh , very easy . They are heart , spade , club and diamond .
This is the East Market to Central Park bus . Where do you want to go ?
Take the same number bus going in the other direction . There's a stop right across the street .
Okay . Do you have your receipt ?
I am sorry , but you need a receipt for a refund .
Perhaps you would like to talk to customer service .
They're right upstairs .
Good luck . I hope someone can help you .
Yes , could you tell me if there is a laundry in this hotel ?
Thank you very much .
What's this amount for ?
I see . Can I pay by credit card ?
Come in , please .
In 3 months or so .
Did I ? Well , anyway , you will get your raise when the economy starts picking up .
Yes .
Nah , don't be so fast . We like your work here , but this company is on hard times and I can't be handing out raises for anyone .
I hear what you're saying , and I wish there were something I could do .
I ’ m sorry sir . This computer is not broken or damaged . It ’ s simply just too old ! That ’ s why your programs and applications are running slow . There really isn ’ t much I can do .
Yes , but technology is ever changing and technology is becoming obsolete faster and faster !
Well , this desktop over here is our latest model . It has a four gigahertz processor with sixteen gigabytes in RAM and a hard disk with one terabyte . Of course , it includes a mouse , keyboard and desk speakers .
This PC is top of the line and I guarantee it will never freeze ! If it does , we ’ ll give you your money back !
I know . I think it may rain .
That would be weird .
I know , it would be horrible if it rained and it was hot outside .
I really wish it wasn't so hot every day .
I like winter too , but sometimes it gets too cold .
Me too .
We'd like to look around the town . Can you tell me the best sightseeing route to take ?
I think this route is quite interesting . How long does the tour last ?
I appreciate your remarks . And we are always happy to do more business.But , you know , if we take on a contract to produce new products , we want to be confident the product is marketable . Because , to start producing new things requires a lot of preparation.It requires a lot of investment for us .
I would like to offer you a good price.But I won't be able to do that if I think this is a one-shot deal.So I would like to have some confidence in your idea .
Yes , of course .
And I would say the logo is successful mainly because it comes from Japan.It is the Japanese that have made it a fad .
So what you are really trying to sell is a fad .
I understand . But why won't you show me the logo ?
I see . The problem , however , is that I can't be confident in giving you a good priceless I am confident your product will last .
Alright . I understand . Right now you just want estimates .
Good morning , I have an appointment with Mr . Wang Li .
But Could you tell me when he will be back ?
well , do you think I could leave a message for him ?
I'd like to speak your export manager , please .
This is Mrs Wang , from Jane coper .
When will he come back , do you know ?
May I leave message ?
Please ask him to give me a call as soon as he return . he has my number .
thank you . goodbye .
It still feels really strange to me .
How does it feel to be in charge of so much money ?
I guess you could choose that if you wanted .
Dad really knew what he was doing when he chose you to take over for him when he was gone !
Thank you.Just put it on the table .
En , would you please give me some bread please ? I am hungry now .
Hi , I need to transfer some money to another account . It ’ s urgent .
No . I ’ Ve never made a transfer before .
A company account . I need to pay a bill .
I have all the information in this folder .
Oh , that ’ s such a relief . I didn ’ t want the payment to be overdue . Thank you so much .
Oh , come on ! I have sixteen items ! Cut me some slack , will ya ?
Plastic . I also have a couple of coupons .
Darn ! Oh , well . I guess it ’ s just not my day . Thanks anyway .
Yeah I got a club card . Here you go .
Debit please . Also , could I get cash back ? Fifty dollars would be great .
ok , what do you want me to do ?
ok . I ’ ll put the plates and cutlery away as I dry them . Where is the tea towel ? Oh , here it is .
while you ’ re cleaning the cooker , I ’ ll wipe the worktop . That was a great meat , by the way .
my pleasure ! This tea towel ’ s a little ragged . Do you have another one ?
keep it and use it as rag . You can clean your bicycle with it .
To start with I would like something part time with the hope that it can develop into something full time .
Yes , that's right . I like this city very much and would like to make my home here .
Yes , I did . I have them here .
Thank you very much . This should only take me a few minutes .
O . K . Let me see . That will be $ 104.99 .
Yes , miss , but there is a five percent sales tax in Maryland .
No problem . How would you like to pay for these ?
$ 110.00 , your change is $ 5.01 . Thanks very much .
Why did you ask that ? Do you want to buy the used goods ?
You know the car I'm driving , which is still in good condition though it is second-hand . And it only cost me 300 dollars . It was so cheap .
It depends . So you must be careful buying second-hand goods .
Yes , I am expecting some money wired to my account from Taiwan . Would you please check if the money available yet ?
I know you , Zina . You're only nice when you want something .
To be honest , I'm starting to wonder if it's worth it .
You said it , not me .
What for ?
Oh , yeah ? Are you joking ?
Honey , it's good if you spend money to buy more books . But $ 100 dollars a week is enough for you already .
OK . But where is my favorite coffee ?
It tastes like crankcase oil , but delicious .
What is there besides coffee ?
Oh , my God . It's nearly eight , I have no time to have breakfast now . My watch says seven fifty .
Yes , it was . The clock on the wall says eight to seven .
Gee . I could have slept another hour .
Well , I can't give you a better warranty , if you would be willing to agree to an annual contract .
Yes , our delivery fee could be waived , if you make an order of 50 units or more . We would have to insist on the annual contract , however . I understand it's not the most convenient for you . Perhaps we could shorten it to a sixth month contract if you are willing to take a lower rebate .
For a local paper in York called the York Herald . Actually , I started with them as an intern in the beginning . I was really keen on getting some experience in the journalism , and this seemed like a g
They seemed impressed , and offered me a position as a junior local news reporter . I ended up staying two years there actually . I was in charge of the sports news section of the newspaper . I really
Yes , that ’ s right . My husband and I moved to London , and so I managed to find a position with a National newspaper based in London .
Yes , in some ways it was a step down from my previous job but it did offer me much better prospects for the future .
Well , I felt like baking , so I made some muffins .
Sure , I'll take mine , sunny side up .
You know , my dad had scrambled eggs every morning for twenty years . It drove my mom crazy !
You ’ re so picky sometimes .
I said sunny side up ! How many times do I have to tell you .
Oh , here you are .
Yes . And come here for tourism .
Twenty days .
Yes , here is the form .
Yes , only one travel bag .
Nothing but several personal effects .
Oh . I don't know what to do . I joined this club a long time ago and I didn't read the fine print .
I didn't realize that I have to buy something from them every six months .
It's a curio cabinet . The only thing is I don't even own those kinds of little keepsakes .
Don't rub it in . Where am I going to put this huge thing ?
Yes , Ma'am . Here we are .
30 dollars , Ma'am .
Yes , but we need some extra charge and some tip too .
Ok , Ma'am . Calm down , 15 dollars will do .
Hi . My name's David Johnson . I'd like to make an appointment .
A checkup . I think I have a bad cavity . Half the side of my head hurts .
One of the back ones .
Yeah , let's go Joe's Disco .
Okay , but you ask him .
Exactly how old a box do you want ?
We still have six left .
Dancing figures are quite popular . Two of the boxes have them .
Yes , I think you'll be very satisfied with that one .
No . But if something goes wrong with it , I know someone who repairs these things .
It's amazing that these things still work as well as they do .
What ’ s up ?
Sure , you can .
I sure did !
I can ’ t disclose that information .
My vote is my own private business .
I voted for our next President .
I used to work as a mechanic and I was responsible for the maintenance of all the company vehicles .
I worked in Hanson Paper Company .
Because the company is far away from home , and I have to study after work so I can't afford to waste time on the road everyday .
I am not feeling all the great . I think I have that crud that is going around .
My boyfriend hasn ’ t been feeling so well . Maybe he passed it on to me .
Mostly , I feel like I need some rest and hot soup .
My grandmother thinks that honey and whiskey is a good cure for a cold .
If things don ’ t get better in a few days , I will look for some other solutions .
I can help you . How much money do you make per year ?
How long have you been on your current job ?
Do you have any other outside income from rental property or a trust ?
Do you know your credit score ?
By crunching the numbers and putting in your expenses , I estimate that you can afford a house of around five hundred thousand dollars .
All right , but tell me what ’ s happening . Give it to me straight please .
And now ?
That ’ s great news .
That ’ s good to hear . She is usually full of vein and vigor .
Thanks for helping her , doctor .
Thanks . I will .
That was quick work . Let me have a look at it . Yeah , everything looks fine now . Thank you very much .
How much do I owe you ?
Really ? You worked here for just half an hour . I consider the price very high .
What time did he come in last night ?
Who was he out with ?
Yes , sir . What can I do for you ?
I'll have that taken care of immediately .
No problem . We'll bring you the towels in just a minute .
Didn't you hear about that ? Our meeting was proponed until Friday .
Didn't you get the memo ?
The memo went out three days ago . It should have made it to your in-box , but maybe it got lost in all the clutter on your desk .
It should have gone around to everybody . They also posted a copy of the memo in the break-room . Don't you ever look at the messages posted on the bulletin board ?
That's right . You never know what you're missing out if you don't read the memos .
With pleasure .
I think you are a quick learner .
In that case , shall I ask the waiter to bring you a knife and fork ?
That ’ s great .
The rent each month is $ 1050 .
Did you have a better price in mind ?
That ’ s way too low .
How about $ 900 a month ?
Great . It was a pleasure doing business with you .
Yes , Madam , may I help you ?
Yes ?
Oh , yes . Madam , we'll come right away then . Your room number and your name , please ?
Thank you , would you hang up and wait ?
ok , what unusual food do you want to try ?
what's that ?
I don't know . I don't know what most of this food is !
I'd like to have some vegetables first .
no , what is it ?
what do you use to eat it ?
that sounds great . Do you know if there are any vegetable dishes that are spicy ?
I'll try all of those . How do you know so much about International food ?
Sorry , but I'm not really that interested in those things .
Really ?
Oh , I don't care about that .
Are they ?
I am afraid I am not interested in fashion .
But thank you very much all the same .
Yes , Sally . I want to do some sit-ups and perhaps get in a game of singsong .
I'd love it.Working out is more fun with a friend .
Good.If you happen to see Jim and Bob on the way see if they would like a game of singsong .
Yes , they are the latest designs . Would you like to try them on ?
The oval shape one ?
I think it suits you well .
How about this ? They're the same shape .
Yes , very . They make the trip in about an hour .
No , I hope not . I want to have a deck chair and enjoy the crossing .
The sea seems quite calm , so there will be no fear of seasickness . Are you seasick ?
I'm not a very good sailor , either . My mother is a dreadfully poor sailor . In fact , she never takes a voyage unless she has to . I am better than that , and even on the Pacific . after ten days of it , I can still find my sea legs . Well , happily we shall have a smooth passage today .
Yeah , I am of the same opinion .
Could I have a look at those pens ?
Have you got anything a bit cheaper ?
No , they're not quite what I want . Sorry to trouble you .
Yeah , I had been in the charity organization for 2 months and I learned a lot from that experience , including love , sympathy , equality , and so on .
I think it had direct impact on my way of thinking . I learned to look at people and things from an overall perspective . In that case , I am not easy to be edgy .
Sure . First you pick up the receiver and hit one of the first 3 buttons . Do you hear a tone ?
OK . Now you dial 9 on the keypad . Do you hear the tone change ?
Well , when you hear it change , that means you have an outside line . Where are you trying to call ?
OK . Well , to dial to the outside you just now dial the number . For a call inside the company just hit the extension number . Do you know the extensions ?
Well , if you ever need help with an extension , you can dial O .
I would like to check in . Here are my ticket and baggage .
Well , can I put something in this handbag ?
You say how high can be exciting ?
I know that Frenchmen installed the Bungee cord between two tall buildings .
Luckily there is no such kind of ' grown-up ceremony ' any more .
Please wait a moment ... here is the bill . Please check it .
For three bottles of Tsingtao beer .
Oh , I'm sorry . Let me go back to the cashier's to have it changed . ( a few minutes later , the waiter returns with the new bill . )
That's all right .
Three yuan .
You put it in the slot at the turnstile and then push the turnstile to get into the platform .
That's very easy . The exit is always open .
My pleasure .
Yes , I know . The boarding time on the ticket says 17
Yes , It ’ s essential .
We can check it and hand carry small bags . And we have open each for inspection
I think so . we certainly don ’ t want a highjack to happen on our plane today .
I don ’ t feel so good . I am feeling sick to my stomach .
I had fried shrimp and clams for lunch .
Perhaps , but I haven ’ t felt well for a few days now .
My stress level is pretty much what is usually is .
It seems to me like I may have caught a bug .
I'm going to do some jogging on the treadmill . Then I think I'll do some work with the dumbbless .
Ok . I will . Could you help me with the treadmill ? I found it difficult to get the setting right last time .
Yes , it is . I'll be coming here regularly . I think I need regular exercise to get in shape and then to stay in shape .
I was told that the first time I came heer . I was told not to put too much pressure on my body at first . I need to build up slowly .
I know Mark is your only child . You may do it differently from what I did . Sometimes I would tap their hands when they made troubles .
And what does your husband do ?
But spoiling a child is not going to do him good either ! You ’ Ve got to have patience with him and teach him . It ’ s not easy , I know . It ’ s hard .
It really isn't hard , sir . You just have to follow the instructions .
We will give you a detailed instruction manual if you buy the table .
Don't worry about that . Your English seems very good.And our instruction manuals are very clearly written . It's easy !
Of course.First , you must sand the furniture . You sand it to make the wood smooth.You start with heavy-grade sandpaper . Then , you move to finer-grade sandpaper .
The better you sand it , the better the finish will be .
Then , after you sand it , you use tack cloth to wipe off any dust or sawdust .
Yes , sawdust is the tiny particles of wood.You could call it wood dust . You must wipe it off.The wood should be very clean before you put the varnish on .
Then you apply the varnish , which is very easy . It is like painting .
Yes , we have many colors to choose from , sir .
After the varnish dries for 24 hours , you can put another coat of varnish on . Or you can put the finish on.The finish is hard and clear . It goes on top of the varnish .
Well , when the finish is dry , the table is done .
It only sounds complicated . It's really very easy . A lot of people here in America finish their own furniture.It ' s a good way to save some money . And a lot of people even enjoy it .
Alright , sir .
Good afternoon , Mr . Black . Thank you very much .
As you please . I ’ m ready .
I think yours is a well-known advertising company , so I ’ m sure to get opportunities to display my talent in advertisement .
Well , the company has some financial problems . People there are all thinking of quitting .
One week after I have submitted my resignation paper .
Thank you , sir .
Have you paid the airport fee ?
In that case , please get your passport and boarding card ready . Just wait in the terminal for twenty more minutes.You will hear the announcement .
You can take the subway to get there
It ’ s takes only about 10 minutes
You can take No . 1 bus or taxi
Pleas turn right at the traffic lights .
No , I don't .
Because I think it's boring
Learn a lot ? Really ?
Do you have magazines now ?
Can you lend me one ?
Yes , speaking . Can I help you ?
I am happy to hear that and I'll accept that .
No , I am single .
Dan is on top of that . I think they are also getting the handyman to fix the bathroom toilet that keeps clogging up .
Yeah you are right . This office is falling apart ! Frank told me the other day that the gutters outside were clogged and that ’ s why the parking lot was flooded .
I came two years ago after I graduated from college . This is my first job .
Of course ! Everyday , there is a deadline to meet . Bosses watching and testing me all the time , not liking in college , handed in paper months later and tested on schedule . It is so busy . But anyway , I have been trying my best to be a good employee .
It is so encouraging to hear this remark . The secret is to make plans . Write down your goals , short-term and long-term and make detail plans for a week or a month . Then just work hard .
Air freight is the quickest and safest way , I think .
I'm going to need some more info first . I was wondering about the repayments . How long would I have to pay back the loan ?
And how much is payable in each instalment ?
Well , as far as I can see , the advantages outweigh the disadvantages . You've sold me ! I'd like to go ahead .
I'd really like to help you out , but I am broke myself .
Good morning . I want to deposit a sum of money into my account .
Well , I want to deposit 2,000 yuan into my account .
OK . I wonder about the rate of interest of the account .
Thank you very much .
It is worth 100 yuan and your bill comes to 230 yuan . The difference is 130 , please .
Thank you , sir . Could you sign the voucher here , please ?
Thank you , sir . Hope to see you again soon .
It doesn't matter .
What did I do ? I haven't done anything .
What do you mean ?
I didn't do anything .
No , I didn't . I'm innocent . Those aren't mine . Whatever you found is someone else's stuff . You can't prove anything . I wasn't there when you went in , and you can't prove it's my stuff .
I don't need your help , jerk .
Do we need food ?
What are you going to get ?
Maybe you should go and look in the refrigerator .
Just get the basics .
You know . Get some eggs , milk , and bread .
Fine , I'll go do that for you .
Mom , what should I do ?
OK . I will call Peter to clean it together .
Let me take a look . This is for a 486 computer with modem . Who ’ s it going to ?
Get her on the phone , please . I need to clarify this .
Rhaki.Do you want some ?
I will show you .
Less than 5 % . It's quite durable .
The kitchen god ? What does he do ?
Oh , no ! I did a lot of bad things this year . I hope the kitchen god isn't like Lester--he blabs my mistakes to everybody !
What is it ? Tell me ! Will it work for Lester , too ?
Hmm . Are you sure that will work ? I already tried giving chocolate to Lester .
His face broke out and he said it was my fault !
We could easily provide you with a private vehicle , if you'd prefer .
Perhaps you'd like to take a beautiful limousine .
No private vehicle , no limo . Got it . Where are you going ?
What time should the taxi be here to pick you up ?
I'll have a taxi for you momentarily , sir .
You'll enjoy our new , clean taxis , sir .
Yes , sir . Can I help you ?
Medium rare , that ’ s right , sir . I remember your order .
If it is not to your satisfaction , I ’ ll certainly bring you another . But I ’ m afraid you may have to wait for a few minutes .
He has extensive experience , although the guy ’ s really deep , sometimes , it scares me .
I know , and that's why I'm always respectful and I keep my distance . It's safer that way .
It's in the eyes . They're the type that seems to look into your soul , making one really uneasy .
Yes , I agree with you .
Please let us know the quantity required so that we can work out the premium and freight charges .
All right . Here are our F . O . B . price lists . All the prices are subject to our final confirmation .
We usually offer on a net basis only . Many of our clients have been doing very well on this quoted price .
The quantity you ordered is much smaller than those of others . If you can manage to boost it a bit , we ’ ll consider giving you a better discount .
Well , as this is the first deal between us , we agree to give you an one-percent discount as a special encouragement .
I ’ m afraid we have really made a great concession , and could not go any further .
All right . See you tomorrow .
Yes , my engine warning light is on .
Just since today .
It runs fine .
Okay .
Okay .
No , you can give a call when you have done checking .
I went to school today . Did you go to school ?
That's horrible . I'd be happy to give you the assignments from English class .
Don't mention it .
That is greatly appreciated and I hope you feel well enough to go to school tomorrow .
Just tell me what you'd like , please .
I hate to tell you this , but we have no more filet mignon . May I suggest the porterhouse instead ?
Have you ever tried chocolate-covered strawberries with champagne ?
That'll be a bottle of champagne , lobster tail , and porterhouse , all charged to your amenities account .
Please call if you have any other requests . Your food will be delivered promptly .
It's about two or there blocks away from here .
It'll take you about 15 minutes .
I want a new brand image . Something creative , something strong . Make no mistake , something with ... resolve !
Let's meet on Friday to discuss your progress . Give me your e-mail address ... umm , I mean addresses ... We'll be in touch .
Yes , what do you have for appetizer ?
Well , please bring me the cold beef .
Of course . What about you ?
Where is your polling place ?
Oh , is that right ?
I have no idea .
Nothing came in the mail telling me my polling place .
Oh , really ? Thanks , I ’ m going to do that right now .
Because they are rednecks .
Really ? You've done a good job .
I have never heard that men would trim their eyebrows . Are you kidding ?
Do you mean that it is a trend for men to trim their eyebrows ?
Yeah , let me have a try .
No way .
It's out of the question .
Why don't you go to bed ?
Hi , my sweetheart . It ’ s Dad .
I ’ m at work right now . You can reach me at 905 675 9870 . Please call this number if you need me .
I love you .
Cats chase mice , don't they ?
Do you have to walk a cat ?
But then you have to change the litter box .
It's not my fault .
I wish I had studied here . It's more than a university .
Woo . It has such a long history . I think I should take more photos of the university .
Your price has gone up sharply , hasn't it ?
I agree with you there , but you price is unreasonable .
I don't think we will be able to pay the price . To have this business concluded , you need to lower your price at least by 3 % .
Don't you agree with me that in the long run moderate prices we bring about large sales and more profit ?
Is that all ?
I'm sorry , we can't handle the price you offered .
It ’ s horrible . Why do drivers run a red light then ?
Talking on the cell phone while driving is very dangerous too . It increases the chance of accidents .
Your major must be computer .
Yes , I ’ m quite satisfied with your qualifications .
Generally speaking , training new members is usually necessary . We offer our new employees a one-week training course .
Yes , of course . You will be responsible for the designing and developing new products and also be in charge of the evaluation of the software programs including complex software systems to ensure product features and operation complaints .
Yes , there are . What cabin would you like ?
It is 150 dollars each .
The boat time-table is effective from the first of August till the first of November
The ship will stop at New York .
It will take 5 days .
Oh , I forgot .
I ’ m so sorry ! OK , so you just want a simple message on it .
I ’ m on it !
I'd like a hamburger with lettuce and tomato .
A Coke , please .
thanks , I like it too . I bought it at the nearby department store .
yeah , I know that . But at those places . the prices they ask you are ridiculously high , and if you don't bargain hard , you will get ripped-off .
yeah , but personally , I hate bargaining . If I bargain , I might come to a lower price , but I will never know the true price of what I am buying ; and I always have the feeling that I am overcharged at th
that's why I like department stores more . Shopping at a wholesale market like the locals is one of the few things I am unable to grow accustomed to .
According to their scheme , it will begin on September 10th .
Yes , it is much earlier than past years .
Where is your store located ?
Right , I'll be right over .
Which airport , ma'am ?
All right , ma'am . Need any help with your luggage ?
Well , a way to make a living , of course , but beyond that I think a job is a way of developing oneself as a person .
I wouldn't like to hold a specific title . I just want to enjoy what I am doing .
It's the most important thing to me .
I think a company is a place to get work done . Certainly friendly , open relationships among all company employees is important , and I think an employee should be serious about his or her work responsibilities and have a professional relationship with the boss .
Goodbye .
It's here at last !
Twenty minutes exactly .
Can I help you ?
I ’ ll be glad to help .
All you have to do is to ask for help .
I ’ m ready and willing to help .
I like the colour very much . It's a lovely dress , but it's too small for me .
All right . I'm afraid this green dress is too small for me as well . It's smaller than the blue one . I don't like the colour either . It doesn't suit me at all . I think the blue dress is prettier . Co
Wait a minute , please .
No , I'd like to book a single room with one double bed .
2 nights , how much does it cost ?
Does the charge include everything ?
Do you require a deposit ?
Today is Tuesday , 25th September , 2001 .
What time is your appointment ?
What time is now ? Do you have the correct time ?
You won't be late.It ' s still early .
Well , turn left at the first corner after the crossroad . It's near the corner . You can't miss it .
It's my pleasure !
Sure , anything else ?
OK . Here you are .
I haven't gotten started on my room yet .
I have every intention of cleaning my room later .
I already told you that I'm going to do it .
I'll remember to do that .
I'll clean my room before I leave .
Why not ? If I were you , I certainly would .
As the saying goes , work while you work , play while play . All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy , you know ?
I am indeed . What can you tell me ?
Do I get a card ?
How about the interest ? I'm not really happy with the interest I'm receiving through my Current Account .
That sounds better . Also , can I use the one card for several accounts ? Say , if I have two or three accounts and want to transfer money from one to the other ?
That's wonderful .
It's really spectacular .
I think we can climb to the top , can't we ?
I'd like to book a ticket to Singapore , please .
June 3rd .
Okay . I will book this flight .
Here you are .
Don ’ t worry , you can pay in an installment , that is to say , you don ’ t have to pay the whole amount of money at once .
Certainly , you need to pay a deposit at first , and you will pay the rest monthly .
It depends .
Certainly .
Sure , what's wrong ?
It's easy . Press O and then P . Then it will ask you for your password .
Just press ENTER and you've done .
We can borrow from a bank , the gross interest rate will be something like 7 % . With corporate tax at say 30 % . We are only paying on 50 % of this . There is still inflation to consider .
We can borrow as much as we can .
How much loan capital can we safely raise then ?
Yeah . I'm going with Jennie .
Thank you .
I beg your pardon ?
What did he say ?
Oh dear ! What did he tell you to do ?
Ten days ? Would you please repeat it again ?
I'm thinking about that idea we talked about .
I'm not sure .
Yes , can you tell me how to use the phone in my room ?
Thank you .
I'll give you mine too .
Not bad , but I'm a little tired .
Could you arrange a meeting with your boss ?
Well , shall we get down to business ' .
Yes , we finished the evaluation of it . If the price is acceptable we would like to order now .
What's your best price for that item ?
I think the price is a little high , can't you reduce it
Well , I'll accept the price and place an initial order of 10,000 units .
The pleasure is ours . Can you deliver the goods by March 31 ?
It's on the Fifth Avenue .
I see.You ' re a stranger here.Walk two blocks ahead , then turn left . You can't miss it .
If were you . I'd take a taxi .
You will find a taxi stand the street corner .
You're welcome .
I am so sorry to hear that sir , let me check and see what is available , what room are you in now ?
Oh , dear , well , it looks like we have a few rooms available , can I put you into a room on the 17th floor ? It has a balcony and it doesn ’ t face the highway .
Let me check you out of your old room , you have to sign here , and acknowledge these changes and also the charges to your previous room . Then I can hook you right up to room 1780 .
Yes , that ’ s right . After graduating from high school in New York I attended York University in the UK . My major was English , and my minor was business studies . I completed my BA in 2004 .
Yes that ’ s right . I ’ Ve always enjoyed studying . My friends say I ’ m a bit of a bookworm , but my father always pushed us to succeed school .
Well I ’ Ve always been keen on writing , so I became the editor for the University student newspaper , which I really loved . Also I volunteered for a group called Shelter , to help the homeless in York .
Providing warm meals and shelter , especially in the winter months . I found it really fulfilling to be part of that group .
Yes , okay .
Here ’ s my VISA card .
What ’ s the problem ?
It was ?
That ’ s my only one .
No cash today .
I ’ ll come tomorrow with cash .
How do you spell that ?
Right . Got that .
You will have to take your driving test . Have you taken it yet ?
Could you fill these papers out , please ?
You need an appointment .
Is Friday good for you ?
Okay , so Friday at what time ?
All right . Come in on Friday at 11
We just moved in yesterday , actually .
It's great ! Unfortunately , we're going to spend a fortune doing everything up .
It's about 200 years old . It has a lot of history !
It's just off of the ring road .
It's bigger than our last one . I've got flowers in the front , and fruits , vegetables and a fish pond in the back .
Oh , yes . Our windows let plenty of natural light in . They've also got wonderful views of the park behind our house .
Right now , there are three bedrooms , two barrooms , a kitchen , a sitting room , a dining room , and a living room . We're hoping to add on a green room and a guest bedroom . In fact , when the guest bedroom is ready , you should come and stay with us for a weekend .
Yeah . I need to get some stuff .
Where's Lisa ?
What are coupons ?
Really ?
Well , I felt like baking , so I made some muffins .
Sure , I'll take mine , sunny side up .
You know , my dad had scrambled eggs every morning for twenty years . It drove my mom crazy !
You ’ re so picky sometimes .
Dammit ! I asked for sunny side up ! How many times do I have to tell you .
Than you , I'm not late , am I ?
Well , thank you , but it's not all that hard to do , you know . I've been calling your office and sending you proposals for about two years now , and you've never responded before .
Please , I wish you would .
Yes , I know that . It's why Ive been trying to become one of those suppliers . I hear you're a good man to do business with .
That's pretty much what I heard .
No problem at all , Mike . Just give me the chance .
Oh , hi Kim . How ’ s it going ?
Ok , sure . When did you have in mind ?
Why don ’ t ’ we say the 3rd around 2:00 p . m . ?
Great . Talk to you then .
Oh no , I won't . But we will have an accident if you don't stop shouting .
Oh , shut up , will you ? It was all your fault . If you'd kept quite this would never have happened .
Well , let's move , I can see a rest area ahead.We can relax there , and see what wildlife is around ...
Because I come hiking every week . That's why I'm in good-shape . I think that I should bring you a walkingstick next time .
So , you want me to carry your backpack , your thermos flask , our picnic , and you as well . No problem , jump on .
It's coming along well , but it is a little delayed .
I'm pressed for time and I am afraid I need someone to help me .
OK , we promise to do it well .
Sorry to interrupt , Doris , but can you tell me more about these tour groups , what kind of things they enjoy , and so on ?
I don ’ t mean to interrupt , but can you tell me what plans you have for growing the youth market ?
So how do you intend to do that ?
May I interrupt you for a moment ?
How much is it going to cost , and who is going to pay ?
I see . OK . So what ’ s next ?
Yes . Today is Tuesday , so the boss went off to his MBA seminar class . He is out of the office every Tuesday and Thursday mornings , and he has classes all day Saturday and Sunday .
He is finishing up a special continue education program for executives . He can continue working , taking a few of classes here and there , and in 2 years he will complete his MBA .
The classes have him out of the office , so that is stressful for him . But as far as homework goes , it is a breeze for him .
He just has his secretary do his homework for him .
Yes . I ’ d like to book a duplex suite .
Next Friday .
Oh , thank you very much .
How do I contact them ?
This is Ryan . How may I help you ?
Do you know what the problem is ?
Have you had it a long time ?
Have you been using anything for it ?
That will probably take care of your symptoms . I ’ ll see you tomorrow .
Actually , the one-bedroom is the only vacant apartment right now .
No , not for a few months .
I need to cancel one of my accounts .
I don ’ t need it anymore .
Just transfer it over to my remaining account .
That would be great .
Not today .
That ’ s fine . Take your time .
Hi , Tom . Want a cup of coffee ?
Oh , hey , did you look in the classified ads ?
No , Ah ... single sellers .
Uh huh . How about a used car ? They've got good ones now .
Oh , hey , how about a new car ? They've got easy loans now . You'd feel so good driving a new car .
I have got a run . Can you tell me where is the restroom ?
No , thank you . I have brought some .
Like who ?
I've got it under control .
What if you had three more top-notch programmers to help you ?
I haven ’ t been able to take a deep breath lately , and I need to know why .
No , I ’ Ve been feeling fairly good most of the time . It just is hard to breathe .
No one has ever checked me for allergies .
When the weather gets really cold , it gets worse .
Thank you for pursuing this . I appreciate your help .
Better take the subway . It's faster , and more convenient .
We have a rather comprehensive subway system here . You can get almost anywhere rather quickly on a subway , especially at this time of day when the traffic is heavy .
Just give the man standing there 3 yuan and he'll give you a token . Then , you slip it into the slot at the turnstile and push the turnstile to get in .
Ask the worker who sells tokens to give you one . It's free fo charge . Actually maps showing subway routes are posted at most stations .
No , you don't have to . Here comes the train .
Raise the alarm by breaking the glass of the nearest fire alarm . Call Security , say ' Fire ' and give your name and exact location . At night you should phone the fire service from the nearest telephone .
If you discover a small fire , you can try to put it out with a fire extinguisher but only do this if you have been trained . Make sure you use the right extinguisher . They are all colour-coded and contain different substances to put out the fire .
Yes , you can take small sum of money and important items such as passport and keys and business documents and so on .
There is a long list of those things forbidden , including explosives , gum opium and precious cultural relies and so on .
Could you do me a favor ?
Can you help me move this table ?
Pretty good . I ’ Ve just had my new poems published .
Thank you .
He is fine .
Yes . He ’ s already got the passport and visa .
Thank you . He ’ s very lucky indeed .
OK . Here you are .
About three weeks .
Sightseeing .
At the Friendship Hotel in Beijing .
Yes , I have some fresh apples in my suitcase .
Oh , that's too bad .
I'm sorry I can't bring better news , sir . The site is a disaster .
It is not only the earthquake , sir . But the mudslides.Much of the north half of the site has been covered over by mud .
That's what we thought , sir . That's what the news reported.But there was one little mudslide in our district too . Right above our site .
I'm sorry , sir .
Well , it took me about nine hours to get back here by car.If Ivan leaves tonight , I think he should be there by tomorrow lunch .
But sir ...
I wouldn't recommend sending Ivan now.Especially not at night . The roads aren't safe .
No , sir . The bridges are fine.But I've heard rumors that the revolutionaries are coming down from the mountains.There has been fighting , sir .
You know the government controls the press here , sir . They don't want it reported .
I'm sorry , sir .
Chicken , please .
Thank you . Oh , can I have another drink ?
His name is Bingo .
We're not sure because the neighbour gave him to us after they moved away .
Oh yes , he is . When he was a puppy , he liked to chew my father's shoes , but he's okay now .
I didn't know you had a cat . When did you get her ?
Really ? Why is that ?
Bingo could never do that . He stays in the house except when we take him to the park .
Arden wants to have a trademark for our new series of products registered . But I have no idea on the registering process .
Is it so easy ? I never experienced this . Can you tell me something about it ?
Based on what you said , does it mean that we can not have a trademark like ' genova ' , right ?
Can you tell something about the preparation for the register ?
Yes , I need this prescription please .
Capsules are fine .
Yes , I know . It ’ s not the first time I ’ m taking this ! Don ’ t worry , I won ’ t overdose !
Oh , yes , I almost forgot ! Can I also get some eye drops and um , some condoms ?
Oh , well that ’ s okay , I ’ ll get some later , thanks ... Really it ’ s no problem .
Good morning .
Of course not . But I don't know when to get off .
I'm going to Wangfujing .
Thank you very much .
How many workers are there on the lines ?
Oh , it's highly efficient .
How do you control the quality of the products ?
Yes , quality is even more than the quantity .
Let me see . Your name , please ?
I'll meet you at the Gate round about seven .
At the Gate .
Round about seven .
Peter . Peter Brown , you know . Don't forget to bring the letter .
I told you not to forget to bring the letter .
What are you collecting donations for ?
How much are you planning on raising ?
What kind of fundraisers are you doing ?
You should try actual fundraisers , too .
Try having a car wash or selling candy .
I know . It ’ ll also help you make more money .
OK ... just grab it right out of my hands ...
That piece fits on to your ear . It hooks right on . And you just put the other one in your other ear .
No , I'm used to having tea first .
No sugar , please .
Oh , really ? Just a moment ... You paid with a ten-dollar note and I gave you ... Oh , sorry , here's a five left . I'm terribly sorry .
When did it happen ?
Tell me where it happened and how ?
That happens often these days.Well , please fill in this " Report of Theft " .
Yes , we do . The most popular vegetables are potatoes , carrots , peas , and cauliflower . The most popular fruit are apples , bananas , pears , peaches , grapes , and oranges . Do you like vegetables ?
Which kinds of vegetables do people in your country usually eat ?
I love eggplant ! Unfortunately , it ’ s quite expensive in my country , so I don ’ t eat it often .
Because we don ’ t grow it much in my country . We import a lot from other countries .
We eat it in my country too , but I wouldn't say it ’ s very popular . Most people buy frozen sweet corn from their local supermarket .
A lot of younger people like to buy large packets of mixed frozen vegetables . Peas and sweet corn have been sold frozen in my country for many years . I prefer to buy fresh vegetables .
Could we have the bill , please ?
That's alright . Here you are .
We want someone who can operate the common office equipments and have special skills in photography .
What do you think of your own qualification ?
We went out to the stadium . Bob hadn ’ t been to a game for a few weeks .
Nope , lost again . But , it was a good game .
I don ’ t mind at all . You can ask me anything . We ’ re friends .
I have a scholarship from my government for four years . How about you ?
Do you mean that you ’ re self-supporting ? I didn ’ t even know you had a job !
Yeah , I really know the feeling . I can ’ t wait to graduate so I can get a good job and earn my own money .
Can I help you ?
I ’ ll be glad to help .
All you have to do is ask for help .
I ’ m ready and willing to help .
The counter is at the end of the aisle . They are kept in the ice chest .
The delicatessen department is on the second floor .
Good morning , Ms . Walker . What can I do for you ?
Of course , Ms . Walker . Could I have your account number , please ? And , when do these documents need to arrive ?
Yes , I ’ Ve come in apply for the position as head of claim department .
My name is Zhang Due .
I graduated from Beijing College of Foreign Trade . My major was International Trade .
Yes , I have been working in Lush Insurance Company for four years .
Yes .
Yes .
I've been looking forward to visiting your factory .
That'll be most helpful .
How much do you spend on design development every year .
That's fine .
No , Nancy , today I'm here to make a withdrawal . I made a formal request 7 days ago .
That's correct . But before I do , I was wondering if you could give me some advice .
Maybe I'm making a big mistake cashing in my Time Deposit before maturity .
No , not really . My Current Account is for cash flow and couldn't withstand having all of that money taken from it .
Yes , I think I speak English quite fluently . I've often explained historical places in Xi'an to foreign tourists in English . They say my English is quite good .
Oh , more than ten years . I started learning English when I was still in a primary school from a foreign teacher .
Certainly .
Thank you . Nice to meet you too . I'm John . Is this your first time to take a long-distance trip on plane ?
Oh , I am sorry to hear that . Take it easy . It will be OK soon . You see , I take this long-hour plane frequently , but the jet lag still makes me uneasy .
Yes , whenever I think about China , I'd see the Tian'an Men Square . China is a very beautiful country . And I've seen many landmarks in China but I like the Great Wall most .
Was it built before the In dynasty ? I thought it was in the Ming dynasty .
Oh , yeah . Thought I am an American , I know quite a lot about China and I like Chinese tea very well .
Yeah , many of my friends like Chinese tea and whenever I go back to China , I'll take some Dragon-well green tea for them .
I heard about it , but I don't have any clothes made from silk .
Oh , I'm eager to have a try .
I ’ d like a half a pound of ground beef , please .
Could I also have half a dozen pork chops and two pounds of boneless chicken breasts ?
No , that won ’ t do . I ’ ll take this smoked ham you have here .
Is this salami and bologna you have here ?
Sounds good . Okay , that ’ s it .
Mmm ... No that ’ s okay , really . I think that ’ s all for today .
How are you doing ?
Go for it .
I voted this morning .
I can ’ t tell you that .
That is private information .
All I can tell you is our next President got my vote .
But Mom ! Today we ’ re playing football ! I love football !
I don ’ t know . It was there when I woke up this morning .
I bashed it against the chair in my room .
A little , but not much .
If I ’ m better this afternoon , can I go to school ?
We need to work is because we need money to live . We need money for food and clothes and to pay for our house . We need money for many different things , and only when we work , we can earn money . And work can also help us feel that we are useful .
Yes , it is really hard . But you must believe that you will find a suitable job finally . When you work , you can accumulate a lot of experience . Besides , you need to learn a lot of things while you are working .
But whether you like it or not , there ’ s a trend of life-long study to make sure that we can keep ourselves up with the high developing society . And you need to accept this concept positively .
You have no choice , so you'd better adjust your thoughts to be ready to learn anything at any time .
It's my pleasure , what can I do for you ?
What brings you here ?
Where are you staying ?
Oh , it's not very far . And as far as I know it is a fancy place .
We sell them , right here .
For the construction site manager ?
What happened ?
Well , no surprise there .
Great , so are you going to sign a contract with them ?
Great . Good luck .
Yes , and I think I have good news for you .
Yes , they accepted your counter-offer , but they want you to pay for the home inspection .
It will cost you around five hundred to one thousand dollars for a home inspection .
Yes , you are paying for it , so you get to choose . I would pick the best one .
I will call the owners right now . They will be happy to hear the good news .
If that's the case , there's not much point in further discussion . We might as well call the whole deal off .
I think it unwise for either of us to insist on his own price . How about meeting each other half way so that business can be concluded ?
Your unit price is 100 dollars higher than we can accept . When I suggested we meet each other half way , I meant it literally .
What would you suggest ?
That still leaves a gap of 20 dollars to be covered . Let's meet each other half way once more , then the gap will be closed and our business completed .
I'm glad we've come to an agreement on price . We'll go on to the other terms and conditions at our next meeting .
What is it ?
Yes , they're right . In fact , we have either restored or adopted international practices in our foreign trade .
Basically speaking , yes , we welcome the establishment of repry - tentative offices by foreign companies in Washington D . C . Of course , there are more details to be attended to . We cannot settle it in a few words .
How about tomorrow morning at 9 ?
Yes . I would like to book a table for 2 at 7:30 tomorrow evening .
In that case , please put my name in your waiting list . We know you are quite a good restaurant .
So ?
All right !
I feel so tired .
Why ? I'd just be dead tired for the rest of the day .
Are you sure ?
OK . Let me try .
Would you give me a bottle of beer , please ?
No , ice will spoil the taste .
Yes . Something non-alcoholic , please .
A glass of juice please .
Is this Ann ?
Ann , this is Sam . Look , Ann . I wanna see you again . How about a drink tonight ?
What about tomorrow evening ?
But Ann ..
In total , it should be about $ 5,000 for the week conference . Would you like to see the breakdown ?
First we have the airline tickets , which are $ 500 per person ; with four of us going , that's t $ 2,000 . For our accommodations , we're spending $ 80 a night , per room , for five days . That's another $ 800 .
I have two people to a room . The $ 80 room rate is the lowest I could find . With the conference going on that week , all the hotels have inflated their prices , they're making a killing .
I have budget $ 25 per Peron per day for food expenses . That totals another $ 800 . And for other incidentals , like take fees , and tips , I have estimated about $ 400 .
That's my buffer ... I wanted to leave a little room in the budget , just in case---it's better to be safe than sorry .
I ’ m very sorry .
Yes , my name is Peter . I have made a reservation for a single room from June 18th to June 21st . I'd like to make some changes . The reservation should only be to June 20th .
Yes .
That's exactly what I want . How much does it charge ?
It sounds good . I'll take that .
Hello ! Could I speak to Sheerly Lim please ?
This is Sue from work .
That's true . During rush hours , taxis are just as quick as buses .
At least , it can free you from the crowd . By the way , do you come from China ?
Wow , like America . It receives a great number of visitors every year .
Leave the details of making the offer up to me . What were you thinking you should offer ?
It is best to start a little low on the first bid to allow for a counter-offer . How about offering three hundred and twenty thousand dollars ?
Your offering price is not out-of-line . The owners will either take it or make a counter-offer .
It usually doesn ’ t take very long for owners to respond to an offer .
The only thing you should do now is relax . You already are pre-qualified for your loan .
We don't have a full-sized swimming pool , but we do have individual swim stations .
Basically , a swim station is like a treadmill , except instead of running , you swim .
If you're a registered guest , you have free access to our swim stations .
To conserve electricity , the stations operate only from 7a . m . till 10 .
I don't think you'll be disappointed . People really seem to like the swim stations .
Does all that come to 10,000 NT ?
Where do I sign ?
OK .
Well , the teddy bear is for me !
Yes . My name ’ s Mark Benson . I just started a couple of weeks ago .
Thanks , I appreciate that !
It's good to be home .
It's a job I have been dreaming of for many years . While it is difficult , I am convinced that there is nothing more noble and rewarding than this profession .
Yes , a little . I know your school is one of the best known in this town . There are about 200 children in the school .
It took them four minutes to get here . That was pretty fast .
I guess the fire wasn't in the tool shed after all.It looks like the back of the house was burning .
Not really .
I think they went to Mexico , but I'm not sure.It ' s a bad thing to return home to.They ' ll come home from their trip , and they'll see half their house burned .
Yes , I suppose . It's a dangerous thing if a fire starts when people are sleeping .
I'd like to buy a skirt .
I like one with flowers on its brim .
It seems too short .
It looks nice . How much is it ?
Is there any cheaper one ?
I think I'd better take that one you showed me just now . It is better than this one although this one is cheaper .
Here is the money .
No , thanks .
Yes , I did , Ms . Chen .
I'm positive , Ms . Chen .
Oh , thank you . What is the occasion ?
Oh , yes , I'd very much like to go .
I'll be there in time .
Bye .
Is Mr Li in ?
Ok .
I bought it online .
yes . I buy most of my daily necessities online .
yes , much better . You can log in a website , browse through many items and categories comfortably at home , order the goods , pay by credit or debit card , and the goods will be delivered to your home .
and you can still go " window shopping " just like in a real shopping mall .
yes , most of the shops are closed at 22 or even earlier , but the internet operates 24 hours a day , seven days a week , and can be accessed anywhere .
sure . You can buy almost anything you can think of .
The whole-wheat loaf is 45 cents , the white loaves are 35 cents each , the baguette is 27 cents and the rolls are eight cents each . That makes two dollars fifty-seven cents .
Thank you , ma'am . Forty-three cents change . Have a nice day .
How long have you been sick ?
I'm glad you appreciate our folk music . But a live performance is much more interesting .
The show starts at 7 and is over at around 10 o'clock p . m .
I'm glad you enjoyed it . It's had long run , but the house has always been full .
Personally I liked the main character . He was true to type .
I'm fine . I'm just so touched by the sad story .
I love them all . But if I had to name one as the best , I would say it's the ending .
Did you ? I didn't notice that . But still you should know it , for you have seen it with Laura before .
Then I doubt if you like operas at all .
OK , then . The man was old and he was visiting his wife's grave , with a rose in his hand . When he got there , he saw someone already put a rose on her grave .
Me , too . There was always a good round of applause every time she sings .
And it's been such a faultless performance with the perfect lighting , and music . Just amazing !
Exactly .
It is unnecessary . I'll see you off at the airport .
For example ?
Oh , that's interesting !
She's Betty.She ' s Mr Goldman's niece .
Yes , I'll be glad to .
What have you got this morning ?
I'd like to have a glass of tomato juice , please .
Yes , a dish of cream of wheat .
Yes , bacon and eggs with buttered toast . I like my bacon very crisp .
Fried , please .
No , that's enough . T hank you .
Yes , I am .
Glad to see you too .
Good afternoon . What can I do for you ?
About half an hour ago I fell on the ground and hurt my leg . It bled a lot .
First , I'll clean up the wound and then dress it .
Take it easy . It's not serious . You should keep the wound very clean .
Thank you very much , doctor .
Hi Chris . I am glad to see you . Can you help me with my new computer ?
I bought it yesterday afternoon and they delivered it this morning at 10:45 .
I am not sure . I just can't connect to the net .
Of course , come in .
It was only 345 pounds .
I am on my way to the doctor now , but I should be back in about 45 minutes . Can I come back at around 3:15 ?
What are you buying ?
I can check for you , if you'd like .
First , we need eggs , milk , and bread .
How about some chicken , ground beef , and some steak .
Get some snack foods , too , dude .
No , but if you can think of anything else , just get it .
No , not yet . I just want a haircut .
I want it short .
I mean very short , shorter than it is now .
No , You can cut quite a bit off . I like it to be very short all over . Do you see what I mean ?
Yes , in the Chinese style .
No , thank you .
No , nothing of the kind .
That's very good !
You really have talent . How did you learn to do this ?
Me , too . But I could never make bracelets like these .
I'll take one right now for seven dollars .
Yes ?
Why not ?
I'm sorry . I can't . What does the note say ?
Sorry , I'm very near sighted .
For the bank manager ?
What happened ?
Well , no surprise there .
Great , so are you going to sign a contract with them ?
Great ! Good luck .
Good idea . The more people you ask , the better your chances are .
There's an Ethernet cable in your room . Just plug it into the back of your laptop .
That's okay . I can tell you about some alternatives we have .
Well , there's our computer lab on the first floor .
The lab and the computers are no charge , but you have to pay for whatever you print .
Of course . Our lobby is set up for wireless , so just bring your computer down here .
They plan to install a printer here . But until then , you'll have to use the lab .
What are you going to look for ?
What store are you going to ?
You don't know ?
Would you like me to tell you where I got mine .
I went to get mine from IKEA .
They're not cheap , but neither is their furniture .
Just plug the Ethernet cable into your computer , and you'll be online in a heartbeat .
No problem . I'll tell you about our alternatives .
Our state-of-the-art computer lab is on the first floor .
Sir , the computers are free to guests , but you do have to pay a nominal printing fee .
Just use your computer here in the lobby . It's set up for wireless .
We might have a printer here next month . But for now , you'll have to go to the lab .
I hope to change because my current job is not within my chosen field . Since my major was international banking , I really hope to work at a bank .
Because your bank is a new one , I think I'll be given more opportunities , and the working conditions and surroundings are so excellent here .
I expect to work hard , madam .
No , I enjoy travelling .
Why ?
Oh , that ’ s very sad .
What did you do ?
That ’ s a good idea . The counselor is a psychologist . He ’ s better trained to handle these sorts of things .
Yeah , me too .
But mum , I didn't mess it up .
Sorry , mum . I won't do it again .
No , thank you .
That would be great .
I need it delivered tomorrow . Will that be possible ?
I need it delivered at 12 .
That's not a problem ?
That's great ! Thank you very much .
We appreciate your intention , but the amount of your orders last year was moderate .
Do you think it will help if we appoint a local agent ?
Well , we'll consider your proposal .
Sorry , I ’ m looking for my wallet .
Yes . A lot of cash . Almost forty thousand pounds .
It seems that is a better way . Thank you .
the professor is a bit boring today . You need something to perk yourself up . How about a coffee ?
well , you need something to wake you up . How about a soda ?
the diet sodas don't have any caffeic in them , which one would you like ?
unfortunately , it doesn't . how about some diet coke ?
maybe you should try a cappuccino or a latte ; they taste much better than plain brewed coffee .
you'll love that . It's just a shot of espresso beans mixed with steam milk and some chocolate syrup .
thanks , but I'll stick with some jasmine tea . I'm trying to watch my diet .
That ’ s a good idea . I haven ’ t been in a while and I need to get a new backpack . The old one is hanging on by a thread !
Where are you heading now ?
Is that the university next to the Teachers ' College ?
You mean we'll share the taxi ?
Well . Don't worry about it , I will be happy to share the taxi with you .
No , I couldn't make it .
Oh , really ? Who won ?
Too bad I was busy . I really wanted to go .
So what was the score ?
Man , that was a really close game .
I'll make sure and make it to the next one .
Hello , may I speak to Mrs Smith ?
This is Sun , and I interviewed with you yesterday .
I am calling to thank you for giving me the interview for the Sales Manager position yesterday .
I really enjoyed meeting with you .
I am very interested in this position .
Well , thank you for your time and consideration again .
May I see your receipt ?
I am sorry , sir . You bought it 2 weeks ago , and you can only refund it in one week .
I'll do it later , Dad . I must prepare the concert on Saturday .
We hope so .
Oh dad . You don't understand at all .
I don't need it to play the guitar .
I'm sorry .
Good morning , doctor . I feel terrible . I ’ Ve god a cold and I have a rash here on my neck . I ’ m not sleeping well either . What do you think the problem could be ?
Yes , I bought some medicine at the chemist ’ s . I ’ Ve been taking it for three days .
OK . I can afford to take a few days off work .
Yes , I have . I had to get a project finished . It ’ s done now , so I can relax a little .
I have a bad headache , but ...
Thanks doctor . I ’ ll get these immediately . Goodbye .
What's the problem with your internet ?
How long has this been happening ?
The internet doesn't come up at all ?
There's obviously a problem with your connection .
I can send somebody right now to fix it .
They'll be there in about an hour .
There's still a lot left-have some more !
We have beef with rice and fish with noodles . Which would you like ?
Would you care for coffee or tea ?
Yes , you can draw your tax back at any customs in the EU .
No problem , sir .
Would you show me your ID , sir , please ?
Thank you very much . Now , sir , do you have a credit card ?
Regrettably , Mr . Sandals , we accept only MasterCard or VISA .
Thanks . You're in room 507 , a big , nonsmoking room , with a queen bed . Is that okay , sir ?
I'm happy to hear that . Here is your key . Just dial 0 if you need anything .
Okay . Do you have a particular size in mind ?
Look at this one . It's our biggest pan .
Okay , we have the same thing in aluminum .
Try this one . Same aluminum pan , but with a heat-resistant bamboo handle .
That's a good choice . How do you want to pay for it ?
I'm so sorry . A lid comes with the pan . Here it is .
Could I reserve a table for Saturday , September 16th at 8: 00 p . m . ?
For two people . We would like a quiet table , please .
This is Mr . William .
William . W-I-L-L-I-A-M .
Hi , Steven . What's new with you ?
Why ?
What happened ? Did you have a fight ?
I hate that , either . Did you tell him your feelings ?
It's a problem . You'd better move .
Here you are .
Really ? Ugh ... Is there any difference ?
Gee . I must have left it in my hotel room .
But when does the plane take off ?
Oh , my God ! What do I do now ? Bone head .
Is that me ?
Oh , thank God . Thank you , I'll be right back .
Which terms ?
Good . I will add this to the contract .
Well , you are right . Is there anything else ?
Well , we have agreed on all the major points .
Sure . I'll do it after lunch . What length do you need ?
Yes , no problem . It'll be ready by 2 p . m .
I've always liked to draw and paint .
I do it every once in a while .
I first learned how to do it in high school .
That was my favorite class .
Thanks .
You have a talent . You just don't know what it is yet .
I come from England .
It's mild , but it's not always pleasant.The weather's often cold in the North and windy in the East . It's often wet in the West and sometimes warm in the South .
I like spring and summer . The days are long and the nights are short . The sun rises early and sets late . I don't like autumn and winter . The days are short and the nights are long . The sun rises late
Are there any people who speak English ?
It was really nice talking to you also .
That should be loads of fun .
Would you like to go to dinner or something ?
Okay , until next time then .
Talk to you then .
See you .
Bucharest , Romania .
Here you are .
Pleasure . I'm visiting my relatives .
Three weeks .
I work as an accountant for a Romanian telecommunications company .
Yes , here it is .
Thank you .
The Grand Hotel .
Yes . Do you know where it is ?
It's the 11th Avenue , Park Street .
No , I haven't , but I've seen several interesting advertisements in the paper .
Either something in the hotel business or something to do with travel .
I know . But I'd like to try . Look , here are some advertisements that I've cut out .
Not at all . Go ahead .
Not really , so long as you follow all the regulations .
No . Everyone has a chance to correct his or her mistakes . The most important thing is to be responsible for your work .
Yes . That's true . We are always busy . The company attaches great importance to high efficiency . Sometimes we have to work overtime , but not always . And we have extra pay for extra work .
I ’ m not sure . I feel hot and cold .
I was sick most of the night .
Have I got high fever ?
Yes , I have .
ah .
All right , thanks .
What shall I do today ?
We need to work is because we need money to live . We need money for food and clothes and to pay for house . We need money for many different things , and only when we work , we can earn money . And work can also help us feel that we are useful .
Yes , it is really hard . But you must believe that you will find a suitable job finally . When you work , you can accumulate a lot of experience . Besides , you need to learn a lot of things while you are working .
But whether you like it or not , there ’ s a trend of life-long study to make sure that we can keep ourselves up with the high developing society . And you need to accept this concept positively .
You have no choice , so you'd better adjust your thoughts to be ready to learn anything at any time .
Four ports .
Perhaps she makes about 25 knots an hour .
I don't feel very good .
They give me no help at all .
You know , next week , we ’ ll hold a football match . Our cheering squad is busy rehearsing the programmes for it
Fill it up . Super Unleaded .
I just checked the oil myself , but you can check the tires .
I'll charge it . Here's my card .
What about these ? They are very fresh and exceptionally juicy .
Very sweet .
These are a dollar each and those are 75 cents each .
OK . Anything else ?
Yes , we've just had some wonderful tangerines in from Tailband . Here they are .
Thirty dollars .
In comparison to city life , the country life is quiet and peaceful .
Yeah , I agree.Every wall has two sides .
You are the leading company in the computer industry .
First , your overwhelming share in the world market . Second , your superiority in sales and profits in addition to the amount of capital and the number of employees . Third , the diversity in your production line is second to none .
In particular , I'm interested in marketing in the domestic field .
Yes , we do . They are all in this book .
No problem . Just give us a few minutes more to pull them up , though . We don ’ t get that many English singers !
Could I see your ID , please , sir ?
Thank you , sir . Now , do you have a credit card , sir ?
I'm sorry , sir . Only VISA or MasterCard .
Thank you . Your room number is 507 , queen bed , nonsmoking . Is that agreeable to you , sir ?
Very good . Here is your room key , sir . If you need anything at all , please dial 0 .
Do you have anything which can prevent wrinkles and freckles ?
My skin is kind of oily .
How much is it ?
Sounds good . What are the gifts attaching ?
I will choose the tonic .
That's the very thing I want .
Yes , just tinned meat .
No , it ’ s beef .
Well , you ’ d better heat it before you eat it .
Yes . I would like to cash my travelers ' check . Here you are .
In tens and twenties , please .
Thanks a lot .
Let me check.Well , in October .
We assure you that shipment will be made no later than the first half of October .
Morning .
Yes . You can take No . 846 from here , but you have to get off at Nanchengmen stop and change to No . 106 .
Actually , if you go to the bus stop in the next block , you can take No . 105 which will let you right off in front of the zoo gate .
You ’ re welcome .
Great ! I'd love to get a little better discount than 6 % , but if your company provides the insurance , that will save us a few bucks ...
No ... We shouldn't have any problem with that . I know we talked about a possibility for 90 days , but we won't be needing that after your discounted price .
Great !
No . What is that street charming for ?
I'm looking for a pair of white sports shoes to go with my jeans .
Adidas . Size 38 .
Yes . ( After trying ) A bit tight actually , they pinch my toes . Have you got a larger pair . Size 39 ?
( After trying ) Mm , this pair fits me well . I'll take it . How much is it ?
OK . Thank you .
Yes , I ’ d like to reserve a room .
From April 16th to 20th . Just my wife and myself .
A Twin , please .
Ok , I ’ ll take it .
Sure . May name is Aaron Johnson , and my phone number is 3242-5827 .
It ’ s double A , R , O , N .
Around 9 p . m .
Fine . Do you accept American Express ?
It ’ s 134986
Let's go to the lake and camp on the south side .
Let's just rent one this time . The AC is broken in the truck , remember ?
Should we call the Olsen's and ask them if they want to join us ?
Then you go out to the garage and check out the camping gear .
Hi , Dr Evans . Thanks for seeing me on such short notice . When I woke up this morning I had a really sore throat and a really bad cough . I think I am coming down with the flu .
Ahhhhhhhh
A little actually . My sinuses are a little blocked up as well-I really feel terrible .
Whoa ! So many drugs . . . I hate swallowing pills . Am I able to go to work ?
Ok ! Would you mind writing me a doctor ’ s note for work , otherwise they may think I am faking it !
Thanks doc , bye !
I finished Young Primary School in 1998 , and entered Xi ’ an Middle School that same September . I graduated from there in July of 2004 , and that September I entered Wuhan University , where I'm studying now .
I think I have a good understanding of fundamentals in the areas your company deals with , and I can go on from here to build up the specific skills and knowledge I need to do my job well .
Yes . I did some work on that , and I found out some really interesting things about the conductivity of liquid helium . I was sure I had a great discovery until my teacher told me the same discovery already made twenty years ago . I think the most important thing , I learnt though , was the importance of keeping good records .
Well , it's not how much , but what I'm going to buy that matters . I'm going ski shopping !
No . The front seat folds down all the way so there's just enough space for the skis ...
Not unless you lose about 100 pounds ...
You mean one for the city ?
I'm afraid we don't have any . If I were you , I'd try one of the newspaper stands .
What I cannot put up with is that they may even give me a back talk .
I ’ m in a bit of a hurry , Louise . Can it wait ?
All right . Why don ’ t you have a seat ? What ’ s the problem ?
Wow ! That car almost hit me .
Yes , it seems to me we have come quite a long way . However , let me take a close look at the final draft .
Well , everything we've discussed seems to be here .
I'll need a few minutes to check over my notes again on every detail . What about the quality standard ?
It's our pleasure .
Oh , my dear lady , take it easy . You should forgive a green hand like him .
I suggest you talk with him and teach him how to deal with the problems .
Maybe you should communicate with him just like a friend , not a boss .
Just take them for your good friends and have a talk with them as we do . Make sure you won't lose your temper !
No , it's unnecessary . Just respect the staff and their own opinions .
Oh , no one is perfect .
We have the equal partnership in team .
Thanks for saying that .
I've got some documents here that go with the L / C our company opened 10 days ago . I think there is something wrong .
Very carefully , that's when I found the problem .
Yep , you've got it ! What should we do ?
That's a great idea ; thanks for your help .
You mean the large one or the small one ?
They're on special this week . They've been reduced to five dollars .
No . We have some that are different in style but not in color . They're over there . Do you see the sign ?
Very well . Just take your time .
I got stuck in traffic again . There was a terrible traffic jam near the Carrefour intersection .
I don't think it can be avoided , to be honest .
I think it's something that I'll have to consider . The public transport system is pretty good .
I know . I feel bad about how much my car is adding to the pollution problem in this city .
the only problem is that I'm going to really miss having the freedom that you have with a car .
that's true . I could certainly use the exercise !
yes , it's not good for me or for the environment .
Ok .
Thanks .
Good morning . I'm calling to ask if you have a vacant apartment .
I prefer a one-bedroom apartment .
I'll share it with one of my friends . What ’ s in a one-bedroom apartment ?
Is there any furniture ?
It sounds wonderful . Do I have to sign a lease ? How much should I pay ?
When can I come over ?
OK . Good-bye .
I wonder if you can help me .
Please wake me up at seven tomorrow morning .
Mr . Lee in Room 1234 .
Would you like it rare , medium or well-done ?
Yes , of course .
All right . Your name , please .
Chen Liang , a table for four . And when are you coming ?
OK . We look forward to seeing you . Goodbye .
No , I'm not clear .
Don't make a fuss.The price is rising
First , she needs to be hard-working . Second , she has to be able to do a lot ot things on her own initiative .
Great . We will give you a chance to have an interview in our company .
I can ’ t give you a definite answer . Let ’ s play it by ear .
You ’ re welcome . Would you like some cold dishes ?
Ok , and anything to drink ? Maybe some jasmine tea ?
And for your main course ? I can recommend the sizzling beef .
Oh , that ’ s a good choice . Very healthy too .
Oh , Thank you . I'm looking for the train station .
Right ? OK , got it .
Next left then right ? OK .
Yes , I have . In fact , I had worked for a foreign trade company for nearly two years , where I established business ties with several firms .
Visit customers , dispatch consignments and things like that .
Yes , I did .
I left it two months ago . I didn't think I could learn much there , and there were not many opportunities for self-development .
I've been informed that there are many opportunities to develop myself in your company . Besides , I grew up in a city in the Northeast . I have lots of acquaintances in the region , which might help to push sales .
Yes . It's very convenient and the price is even lower .
You should open an account at the online bank first . After that , you can buy anything online .
Sure . You can find everything all over the world . Let's check it out online !
Yeah , this one is very famous with a good credit among on-line customers . It's like an open free market . If you want to change your cellphone for a new one , you can sell the old one here .
Take some pictures of the thing you want to sell , then upload it onto line with a brief description about it and leave your connecting number . Then your stuff will be sold by auction .
Let's click to check it out .
No doubt about it . Shopping online will get more and more popular . It's a real revolution about people's consuming habits .
It takes some time for the stuff you buy online to arrive . But I think this problem will be solved soon .
Definitely . I Ve got the hell out of the company . Anything new ?
Really ? Are you willing to recommend me for the position ?
I appreciate the effort , sir .
I ’ m glad you like it .
The rent is $ 1050 each month .
It isn ’ t too much .
I can ’ t take that .
I honestly don ’ t know what else to tell you .
If you can ’ t afford $ 1050 , then we have no deal .
I don't mind really.Perhaps a job in a shop or a factory .
That sounds all right .
I ’ d say the main reason is poverty . Countries and their people get frustrated because they have so little . If their neighbors have some resources , they try to steal them by military force .
several of those civil wars have been going on for years and years . It seems they will never end .
I don ’ t think that there is any easy way . The united nations could send peacekeepers into the country . At least then the warring parties could be forced to negotiate . The thing is to find the real pro
It sounds easy when you say it like that . In reality , it ’ s harder to make peace between countries .
The problem is that many poor people might suffer .
I'm glad we're meeting today . Thank you .
I would like to talk to you about your daughter .
No , your daughter is great .
Your daughter is a wonderful student .
Of course not . Your daughter is smart and very well behaved .
It is my pleasure to have her in my class .
Here . Catch !
I thought he only liked to listen ?
And he can move , too ! He dances like Ricky Martin !
No . I have nothing .
Yes , they are .
OK .
Thank you . Could you change it for a purple one ?
Will it shrink when washed ?
I told you to hold my calls . I ’ m very busy at the moment .
Okay . Put her through .
Well , I wasn't planning on spending that much money today , so ...
Even if an item is on sale ?
Oh ! It's so cute !
How long would you like to keep it ?
Yes , that'd be all right .
I ’ Ve been a secretary for two years , before that I was at university .
It ’ s challenging , I feel I have learned a lot .
I get along well with people , and I enjoy working with others .
Yes . My home freezer is not working properly .
It keeps running all the time , never stopping . And it makes a strange sound . All the ice cream inside it melted .
Can you send the technician to check it out ?
Okay . I ’ ll pay the charges .
My number is 627-555-1234 .
Thank you . Good bye .
Yes , they all stop at this corner .
You can take any bus except the Number 9 .
They run about every five minutes .
About fifteen minutes . It's not far.Are you a stranger in New York ?
How do you like New York city ?
You'll soon get accustomed to it . It's not difficult . Well , here's the bus.Fortunately , it's not full .
Don't mention it .
What ? You don ’ t know the first thing about gardening !
Oh yeah ? Tell me then , smarty pants , how will you go about setting up your garden ?
What type of tools ?
Right . Well it seems like you have all your bases covered . What ’ s next ?
Well , good luck with your garden , especially considering we are in the dry season and it won ’ t rain for the next three months !
Yes . He ’ s in hospital with a bad back . One morning , he just couldn ’ t get out of bed . His wife called an ambulance and they took him to hospital . He ’ s been there for a few days now .
You have to be very careful with seafood . It tastes lovely , but it often causes upset stomachs . Have you heard anything from Tom ?
He might be allergic to pollen . My niece is allergic to pollen . It seems like she has a cold , but in fact it ’ s her allergy .
It ’ s nice that she ’ s back for a while . Thinking of all these ailments , I got a splinter the other day . It took a long time for me to get it out of my skin . Look .
That ’ s a good idea . You ’ Ve got a nasty bruise on your hand .
I think my greatest accomplishment has been acquiring the Hans account .
Yes , it took a year and a lot of initiative to get that account .
The last two years we have seen an increase in sales of about 30 % to 40 % each year , so I ’ m very pleased . And our sales projections are quite good for the next two years .
Hmm ... I think I am ready for a new challenge . I've put a good team together at my present company , and I think If I want to take the next step in my career , it's time for me to move on .
Haven't been sleeping well recently .
Every night my roommates watch the Korean soap operas till mid-night . I am not a big fan of Korean shows and I don't know how to tell them to stop without hurting their feelings .
Yeah , I know , but I find these sorts of things hard to say . They won't like it if I tell them to turn off the TV . Now I just hope the show will end soon .
Yeah , I crave my own space . I just get so tiredhaving people around me all the time . We all need our private space . But I also think interpersonal skills very important . Living in a dorm means you have to learn to be considerate of others , otherwise nobody is going to have a good time .
Has all the work done by men been replaced by automatic computers ?
Excuse me , what is this ?
Are the batteries in it made by your people ?
What kind of battery is it ?
Miao Ping , if I do decide to go ahead , how will the interest if I exceed be counted ?
So , if I do decide to go ahead , how can my company open a Corporate Agreement Savings Plan with you ?
OK , let's get the ball rolling on this .
Oh , that's all right .
No . Forget about it . It's not important .
I am .
The police officer that pulled me over said I was speeding .
I was not speeding .
In a 40 mph zone , I was only going about 35 .
Do I still need to pay the fine ?
I appreciate your understanding .
Okay , well it ’ s always more difficult to describe them isn ’ t it ?
Well as I mentioned before , I do tend to get frustrated if I don ’ t see progress in my work or career . I suppose I ’ m quite a restless character . My father always taught me to be a high achiever so .
Well , in a way yes . But I must say that even if I ’ m not completely happy in my work I always give 110 % I would never shirk my responsibilities . I suppose sometimes I expect too much too soon .
Yes , please .
As you know , china has a single-child policy . Therefore , there ’ s just my husband , my daughter and I . What about in your family ?
Not anymore . They live with my brother now . and yours ?
No , I have two older brothers and one younger sister . What about you ?
How long have you been married ?
I ‘ Ve been married for about five years . What do you think about divorce ?
If my husband cheated on me or treated me badly , I would get a divorce .
( ha ha ) I ’ ll keep that in mind , but don ’ t tell my husband .
Well , I know you ’ re pretty booked up these days . But , we ’ Ve got to work fast on this .
Let me see . That ’ s no problem . I ’ ll see you then .
I feel dizzy and weak . And I'm having this pain in my ear . I think I am sick .
No , this is the second time .
Why this happens to me when I am on the plane ? I feel bad .
What should I do about it ?
OK , thanks . Does it work really ? I'll give a try .
Much better . Thank you . I just feel tired but I can't fall asleep .
I am not used to wearing that . Thanks .
Thank you so much .
Oh really ? When is it going to start ?
Well , I ’ d like to , but I ’ m going to have to look at my schedule .
Thank you for that , and in return , here's your receipt .
I hope you'll visit us again , sir .
I guarantee you that our little “ friends ” won't be back . I hope your trip home is pleasant .
Let me check the computer . Uh-oh , Looks like your luggage is on its way to Paris .
Well , we can give you this lovely shaving kit and call you the minute your luggage arrives here . Just leave us a contact number .
Thank you . I am terribly sorry about this . It very rarely happens . We do have a sophisticated tracking system , so I know we will find it soon . But we apologize for the inconvenience .
Wow ! I have been working here for 15 years and you ’ re the first person to accept a lost luggage situation cheerfully .
Guess again , Dave . I have no intention of leaving invoking . Never did .
That's right , Dave . I tricked you into giving a confession . And I've recorded every word of it .
I saw your green post-it notes . Nobody else has them .
I ’ Ve only find a few openings in my field .
Unfortunately not . If I can ’ t find anything in that field , then I could also work in the marketing field .
Yes .
Really ? What is it ?
Do you think they'd hire me ?
I'll be back late tonight .
I have a meeting with my General Manager .
Yes , ma ’ am . I could come in any day next week , except for Friday morning .
Yes . That would be fine .
Sure , would you prefer looking in the morning or afternoon ?
Can you go during the week , or can you only go during the weekend ?
Where would you like me to pick you up ?
I am thinking of looking at three houses , and it will take about two hours .
Once I contact the owners and confirm the times , I will e-mail you a schedule .
Oh , my bread !
Curse this oven ! Curse it !
Curse the worst oven in the world .
There are thirteen of them . Oh , have another . Have a third , if you like , have them all .
OK , what style do you want ?
What about this one ? It fits you .
Yeah . There's an express that leaves in twenty minutes .
Sure .
Go to window number eleven .
May I have a look at your receipt ?
All right . Wait a minute .
I want a job in which I can use English , I would also like to be able to have some responsibility in my work .
Yes , I see . In my previous job , I did typing and filing everyday .
Well , not exactly , but I have shown some of my foreign friends around Beijing .
I think I would like that .
Hello , Marsha , I haven't heard from you in a long time . I'm great , and you ?
Sure , what can I do for you ?
I'm really busy right now . I got a lot on my plate.So this isn't an actual bid you want but just a ballpark figure ?
Well , I can give you those figures now over the phone , is that okay ? Or do you need them in writing ?
Is this another rush , dear ? Did you forget and wait until the last minute again ?
Well , just because it's you . Tomorrow , say around noon .
What's it like ?
And then ?
That's neat !
OK . Commodity inspection is really an important part of our trade contract .
Following the rules of world business , the exporters have the right to inspect the goods before the delivery , while the importers have the right to re-inspect the goods after their arrival .
Inspection is to be done by the China Commodity Inspection and Testing Bureau . Usually inspection is conducted within five days before each shipment .
Yes . The re-inspection should be made within seven days upon the arrival , and if any discrepancy is found , the claim must be raised within one month .
They always use the standard and method laid down in the contract .
A seminar of technical specialists including the surveyors from both sides will be held to clarify which result is correct .
I buy a computer magazine every month . It keeps me up-to date with all the latest developments .
Sometimes it takes too long to find the exact information you are looking for . Besides , I like to read a magazine in a coffee bar sometimes .
Yes , they do . But you can only access all the articles if you have a subscription .
Yes , I do . The magazine arrives by post at the beginning of each month . Do you every buy magazines ?
How much is this pen ?
And how much is this pencil ?
Here's fifteen Yuan .
OK , that's right .
OK .
Ok . I ’ m really bored at the moment .
Does he have a moustache or a beard ?
Sounds like Mike , is it ?
Right . She ’ s not very tall and she ’ s quite plump . She ’ s got blonder hair , but I don ’ t know what color her eyes are .
Well , I don't find her attractive , but I'm sure you will disagree .
She ’ s got tiny feet and wears really unfashionable shoes . In fact , she wears unfashionable clothes too .
She ’ s your mother !
I think that unfortunately it ’ s more important than a person ’ s character . Advertising and stuff tells us that we have to be attractive . I think it ’ s wrong , but that ’ s the way the world is now .
Well , you certainly didn ’ t choose her because of her looks ! Hey , I was joking ! Don ’ t hit me !
Promise you are not going to be angry ?
I forgot .
Ah , ah , you promised , and remember ?
Would you show me your notice ?
Please endorse it first . Do you have identification ?
Really ? Let me check it .
No , ma'am . I ’ m afraid you put in only one quarter and one dime .
I would like to make a deposit .
I ’ m depositing a check .
All right . Here you go .
That would be great .
I would like $ 150 .
Thanks for everything .
Me too . Is there a place nearby that we can get something to eat ?
Kentucky's ? Is that a chain restaurant ?
I've heard about it , but never had one .
OK . Let's go .
Let's get start . What kinds of things do you have in mind ? If you let us know the requirements you have from the very beginning , we can work through each one until we can come to an agreement .
Huh ... I think 7 % is little high that might be hard to do . How about this ? We'll give you a discount of 4 % , but you can have 90 days credits .
No , you have to take care of the insurance . But we are willing to pay the half transport . Can you accept that ?
But you'll have 90 days to pay your bill and I'll tell you what ... I'll also throw in the discount of 10 % on your up front deposit .
Yes , I'd like to make an appointment to see the doctor . My name is Randy Horn .
Yeah , I guess I can survive until tomorrow .
In the morning , if possible .
That would be fine .
Oh , yeah . We will have winter holiday .
Don ’ t worry , mum . I will study hard tomorrow .
NO !
Okay , okay , what do you want ?
Um .. I don ’ t think so . I need the car tonight to pick up your mother .
Who's this Eric guy ?
No can do ... sorry .
No way !
I have had a low fever these days .
Thank you , doctor .
Maybe it is right since everything is possible . You know the market changes quickly these days . But I still have doubted those funds with bad stock performance . For me , his stock record is the very important criteria to decide which to buy . I really want to decrease the risk reach the minimum and achieve the maximum returns .
I will think about it .
Yes .
That will be fine .
Sure . Firstly , it is very important for you to be punctual . Interviewers usually don ’ t think much of a candidate who comes 5 or 10 minutes late only to explain that he could not find the place or he was stuck in traffic .
Secondly , you need to create a good image in a limited time .
I think you should make some preparations . For example , you should take care to appear well-groomed and modestly dressed . What ’ s more , try to avoid a too causal style .
You ’ d better not . Informal clothes like sports shirts , tom jeans or dirty sneakers convey the impression that you are not serious about the job , or that you may be casual about your work as you are about your clothes .
Really ? I'm glad to hear that .
Thank you again for your visit . We are looking forward to your reply .
We are happy that we have established business relations . I really hope that we'll have more business to do and more opportunities to meet each other .
You are very nice and helpful . Hope to see you again .
OK , I think it's time for you to check in . If you run into any difficulty , we'll be here to assist you immediately .
Goodbye .
Yes , we really enjoyed it .
Yes , that sounds great .
The apple crisp sounds great .
Good suggestion . Could you please bring us a chocolate mousse cake and four dessert forks , please ?
Let's have four coffees , please .
Thank you ! We have really enjoyed our meal here .
How long have you got ?
Okay , I'll make you some food .
Sure , what time will you like to depart ?
Actually , one just left ten minutes ago . The next one is at two forty-five , debates at five thirty-five .
Sure , that will be thirty-two dollars please .
Don't mention it .
See you .
Yes.please .
Oh , my god .
I hope so .
No , that's not true.The White House is very big . And there are a lot of historical exhibits there.The tour will take us through many different rooms . I read about it in the guide .
I'm sure the security is very tight.Probably they will make us walk through metal detectors like at the airport .
Don't always joke like that ! You don't have a gun .
You shouldn't say things like that . You could get arrested !
No . But if you say something like that in the White House , they may take it seriously . Sometimes I think you joke too much .
I'm not sure . I think it lasts about one hour .
First I want to look in the travel guide.Maybe they don't have tours in the morning .
No , I'm fine .
Have you tried the Internet ?
Wow , you really live in the Stone Age , Mom .
Go to www.yahoo.com and click on Travel and tickets . There are about a billion sites to look at .
All right .
Well , we try ! Here , I just made some carrot juice . Would you like a glass ?
You don't have to go to the mountains ! I stand on my head during my yoga routine every morning !
Have a good day at school ! See you tonight !
What kind of car do you want ?
Mazda . Honda and Nissan .
Is that you , Janice ? Just speaking .
So sorry to hear that . What's wrong with you ?
Is that serious ? You ought to see a doctor .
That's good . Do you suppose you will be back at company the day after tomorrow ?
Well , take care of yourself . And hope you will be better as soon as possible .
You know I did .
I voted for Obama , of course !
I knew he would win .
He was the top candidate .
That just goes to show that America is finally turning over a new leaf .
I ’ m excited that Barack Obama is our President .
Yes , I just bought new car , I drive to work everyday !
Sure , I see safety is most important thing ! Accident is awful ! I will take your advice !
Yes , definitely ! You can't drive freely !
Compare with speaking , yes ! But things are not good as you expecting !
Can you see that road side help ?
That's right . We have to slow down again . If we haven't meet the passing tree , we have to stop a car away .
There are a plenty of signs such as Watch for children !
Yes , speaking.May I help you ?
That's too bad.What kind of accident is it ? Are you all right ?
OK . I'll do it right away , but tell me how it happened .
Welcome to ABC Company . We have been expecting you , please have a seat . I will call him .
Mr . Thomas will be here very soon . In the meantime , may I ask all of you to sign in so that I can issue your passes ?
Yes , please . Please print your name and company name , and the person you are going to see .
Where'd the rest of your money for the bus go ?
Well , that was an intelligent thing to do .
No , I don't .
You should just ask the bus driver for a transfer .
It's free ; just go ask for one .
No problem , just go ask .
Which credit card are you speaking of ?
We sent that bill out a couple of weeks ago .
Your bill was mailed already .
If you haven't gotten it yet , then you should probably take that up with your post office .
If that's the case , you will need to provide proof of their mistake .
Don't mention it . Call back if you have any more questions .
Oh . Thanks a million .
How beautiful ! I love it at all .
It's very kind of you . I really don't know how I can thank you enough .
The best opportunity is called callous , which is an Internet-based job placement service that you can make use of .
There are computers at our EDD offices for you to use in your job search .
We have information available about the job market as well as workshops .
We have workshops in Resume Writing and Interviewing , to name a few .
College job placement services can help .
Yes , I was wondering if you had the time to show me around this exhibition ?
I'm in the electrical appliances .
Thanks , they are rather attractive . But I think there is nothing better than seeing things In actual operation .
Yes , very much , if it wouldn't add inconvenience to you . First hand information is always more valuable than reading pamphlets .
That would be great .
Hi , I ’ m Henry Wilson from number 37 .
Yes . Everything is fine in the apartment . But I know nothing about this area . Could I ask you some questions ?
Can you tell me the postal code for this building ?
Thank you . Also , how can I get my mailbox key ?
Who ’ s Peter ?
Thanks a lot . I ’ Ve got one more question .
Where can I change the address on my driver ’ s license ?
Can you give me directions to the office ?
Yes .
What floor is the office on ?
Thank you very much .
Just myself . What is the rate ?
Fine . Do I have to show my passport ?
Sure .
Yes , please bring us two steaks .
What vegetables come with the steaks ?
I ’ m sure we could get one or two tv companies to come in . Perhaps the president could invite them and do an interview .
It will be expensive to do outside the campus . Perhaps we could arrange for some sponsorship .
Good thinking ! We should also print some leaflets for students to distribute .
We could take out some advertisements to local newspapers . I checked the prices and they are reasonable .
Speaking , Who ’ s calling please ?
Oh , Hi Tom , how have you been ?
Let me see . Akha . No , I guess I ’ ll be free .
Sounds like a good idea .
Thank you for your inviting me . See you then . Bye Tom .
Sure , here you are .
We have fruit cake , cream cake and chestnut cake .
Of course , we do .
Yes , furthering my education is already bringing about positive results in my workplace as it has boosted my confidence.As well the tutoring system my school employs offers courses uniquely suite
As well my company has been very supportive about my decision.They ' Ve cut back my working hours in order to accommodate my studies .
They are.We definitely see eye-to eye on my enhanced performance being a win-win situation for everyone involved .
I'm pretty good .
Did you get your learner's permit yet ?
Do you have any experience driving a car ?
Do you know all the controls in the car ?
When do you want to start learning how to drive ?
We can do it tomorrow ; just call me .
Not bad . Everything goes well .
Excuse me , where is my cabin ?
Of course . Here you are .
Can you direct the place for me ?
I see . Thank you .
Sure . Take your time .
$ 80 .
Why don't you find someone who is in the know .
Did you ask his former sectary , Lora ? She knows a lot about him .
Oh John , I thought we said we would start eating right ! Remember ? Our new healthy lifestyle ? That ’ s all junk food !
Well , healthy food , of course ! I got some whole wheat bread , skimmed milk , fresh fish and organic carrots ...
They were grown without using any chemicals that are harmful to our health . And yes , John , we need organic carrots ...
Yup , better for the environment and better for us !
I like doughnuts .
Where is this Sons located ?
You're going to need to take two buses to get to that Sons .
First , you need to get on the 268 going west .
You need to get off on Fair Oaks and Washington .
Get on the 261 , and it'll take you the rest of the way to Sons .
That's all there is to it .
All right , how about the other guests .
Ok .
I'm afraid we have no more sole .
Certainly , just a moment , sir .
The one on the manikin is in fashion now .
OK , here you are . You look really attractive in that gown .
Todd , I am so happy you called !
Boy , Todd , that was one great movie you picked out ! Thanks for asking me to go with you !
A hike would be great ! Let me pack us a nice picnic lunch , OK ?
I'll take care of the lunch then , and you can take care of the other plans . What time would you like to pick me up ?
Nine is a great time to get started . I'll see you on Saturday !
Yeah , do you want something ?
No problem . Do you have any cash on you ? I don ’ t think I have enough .
Sure , what would you like ?
Why don ’ t you have a water or juice instead , so you don ’ t get dehydrated ?
Yeah , it is . I come here all the time .
OK .
Sure . What are you going to have to drink ?
I think I'll have a glass of wine .
Not really , maybe we can just order some bread .
I'm not sure . I haven't decided yet . Can you recommend something ?
I think I'll have the lobster . What are you going to have ?
I'm gonna go to the bathroom . When the waitress comes back , will you order for me ?
I certainly have .
About two hours ago .
I couldn't . I was bound and gagged .
I was sitting in this room watching television when someone knocked on the door . Without thinking , I opened it .
I know . I was expecting my wife , you see , and thought it was her .
Yes , I know . I regret it very much .
Two men pushed into the flat . One of them threatened me with a knife while the other bound and gagged me .
I'm afraid not . They were both wearing stockings over their faces .
My wallet , with $ 200 in it , my wrist watch.some of my wife's jewellery from our bedroom , and a silver photoframe .
No . They had just begun to search when the dogs next door began to bark . Theran off then leaving me bound and gagged . It was some time before my wifereturned and released me . I phoned the police at o
You don't know what happened ?
There was a truck on the freeway , and it flipped over .
I wouldn't lie about something like that .
I heard that a couple people got hurt .
The news said they should be fine .
Me too .
Yes , a red wine and a cup of coffee .
With milk but without sugar , please .
Yes , please .
Sure , I ’ m heading out myself . Enjoy your evening .
Thanks for the warning ! See you tomorrow !
It comes to $ 100 .
Sure . Here is your receipt and you can draw your tax paid for those goods at customs .
Happy New Year , Thomas . How many joys nice drinks with us , will you ?
First , I am going to get ready for the parade , I have a great costume . Then later today , I am going to church . If you want , I can give you a costume , and you can be at parade too . It will be fun
My father likes to go , and I told him I will go with him .
Lots of people especially seniors like to go to church , and attend the evening service .
If only we'd remember to close it .
I wish I'd put it in the bank .
I know , I am sorry I ever bought it .
Sure . How about this one ?
Yes . We have both the paperback and the hardcover .
The hardcover is more expensive .
Fill out this form with whatever you need . What do you need the most ?
I can get a few of them right away , but might have to order some .
Make sure that you have money allocated for these supplies . How much do you have for office supplies ?
Would you like them delivered to you or can you come get them here ?
When you finish completing the request form , we will order and let you know when the supplies are here . Have a great day !
But it ’ s so pretty .
It ’ s not the same . It ’ s completely different .
I really like this one .
Yeah . It ’ s pretty .
Yes . We are a foreign-invested company and there are many chances to go abroad .
Sure . We attach great importance to the all-round development of the staff , and the development of individuals will motivate them to work more diligently and efficiently .
Has he been late before ?
Thanks for letting me know .
Please ask .
For this position we prefer e-resume at the very beginning . Please send it to our department ’ s e-mail box .
You ’ re welcome .
Of course . I will show you the fitting room .
Thank you for saying that .
What do you want to know ?
Well , I was born in Shanghai and went to school there , right up through college . My father is a lawyer , and my mother is a teacher .
That right . One of my sisters is a doctor and the other one teaches at a university .
Oh , nothing in particular , I guess . I always liked mathematics and tinkering with machines .
More than five years now . After I did my engineering degree , I began to specialize in computer technology and I even had my own company for a while .
Thanks very much .
Thanks , doc . I ’ Ve got a really bad toothache ! I can ’ t eat anything , and look , my face is all swollen . I think it might be my wisdom tooth .
Is it gonna hurt ?
Nice and easy . Just give it a little gas .
First you have to put the car into gear . Move this shifter so the arrow points at D for drive .
R is for reverse , P is for park , and D1 and D2 are lower gears for going through snow , or up a steep hill .
Why ? They keep going up .
First , you should check the schedule and see which trains go to Suzhou . Make sure which train you want to take and book a ticket .
It depends on which train do you take .
Yes , it stops more than ten times on the way to Suzhou .
About fifteen hours .
Sure , Stacy . Let me just grab my coat .
Don ’ mention it . I ’ m glad to help .
I ’ m afraid not . Don ’ t you see I ’ m looking up a word in the dictionary ?
Well , wait a minute .
Wait for a moment . Mr . Bush.this is your bill , please sign your name here
I am sorry , we will connect with the room service.Please Warta moment .
Well , we could eat in more . That 300 dollars for entertainment is mostly going to restaurants .
No , I need my books .
Well , what about the 50 you spent on a shirt ? You could have gotten something for less .
All right . That sounds fair .
Annie , you also know the ' new age people ' . I think these people must have undergone much sufferings of flesh in order to ride skillfully .
The skateboard does not pollute the air , either . It can be used as a tool to ride instead of walk .
That is very kind of you , Mr Lee . Thank you .
Of course . It ’ s a terrible night , isn ’ t it ?
Thank you .
Well , Mary types faster than Jones . But I think Jones types more carefully .
Jones can certainly take down letter more quickly , but Mary ’ s short hand is the best in her class .
Both of them speak excellent French . But I think Mary speaks German more fluently than Jones does .
Oh , please do not mention it any more . Last night he did it for the first time .
Forget it ! It was a bitter pill for me to swallow .
Ha-ha . Last night , I only told him practice makes perfect .
Yeah , it will become a wider trend .
Yes , Mr . Ransom ? This is Karl Miller . How may I help you ?
Certainly , Ms . Ransom . Do you have an order number ?
Would you please tell me the exact problem , sir ?
Oh , my gosh , they're back ? Another room at once , sir , plus a full refund , of course .
Sir , our guests are our reason for being .
I am preparing a birthday party for Julia .
Of course , could you help to blow up some balloons ?
Well , would you please clean the livingroom ? You know I'm too busy .
Do I have to get up now ?
What are you talking about ? My alarm hasn ’ t even gone off yet .
I must have slept right through it .
Just let me sleep 5 more minutes .
I know . I know . But I don ’ t want any worms .
Do you really want to know ?
You did pretty bad .
You didn't pass the test .
There are a few reasons why you failed .
The main reason is the fact that you're a horrible driver .
You'll be able to take the test again in a couple weeks .
We look forward to a further extension of our pleasant business relations .
That will be good .
Yes , I am , and I am so excited .
I love my candidate .
My candidate is probably the most intelligent .
I also agree with all his policies .
I know he ’ s going to be the next President .
I can ’ t wait to vote .
No , I haven ’ t gotten over there in a few weeks . How is he ?
You said it ! I can't believe he lasted as long as he did .
The Scholar ? Let me see . Oh ... yes , Of course I know . It ’ s in the Lincoln Square .
Oh , yes . It ’ s just a few minutes block . Turn left at the traffic light , and you ’ ll see it .
Yes , please . That would be a great help . Are you sure you don ’ t mind ?
Thank you very much .
No , there ’ s no need .
No , don ’ t bother . It ’ s all right as it is .
Not quite . The software engineers are testing it just now .
Yes , most of them . We trained on a dummy system last month . A couple of people were away so we've organised two more training sessions on the live system for the whole team this week .
Twenty dollars and sixty cents .
No way . Look . That's what the meter says .
Dear , this bakery has introduced some new types of cake recently and you can eat as much as you can .
I'm sorry . I won't do it again .
Is this the sign ? What does it say ?
I see . Thank you . Sir , what kind of duties will I do ?
It's easy . Is there anything I can do for you , sir ?
I will leave a memo for you , sir .
Sure .
No problem .
Don't you wish to employ RIB of ours ? US Dollars might be adopted .
I will give you a definite answer on the price terms two days later .
OK . Could you please help me to clean them ?
Great . At first , you can put the chairs back .
Thank you . I'll wash them .
Good boy .
Stop picking on me . I am going to be mad .
For over forty years . The original company Davies Engineering - was founded in 1960 by the Davies brothers in a small workshop near Manchester . They closed down the workshop in 1980 and opened up a new factory in Leeds .
In 1997 - when it was bought by a German company . They set up two more business in the UK .
International Air Braking Systems .
Well , sir . Can I take your measurements first ?
That'll be helpful . All right , thank you .
No , problem . If you'll wait one moment , I'll make out your receipt .
Let me see , with padding and lining cloth , it comes to 357 dollars altogether .
In two weeks .
Is that why you didn't return my call ?
That's okay .
Hello , Lina . I'm calling about your new PIN scheme . I'm new to all of this , so some of my questions may sound a little ignorant ...
I see . How about buying and selling items ?
That's good to know , because I do travel quite frequently .
I'm here on holiday and I don't have a local debit card . Is it possible to withdraw money on my Visa credit card here ?
Oh , yes . It's amazing here . I don't think I ever want to go home again !
Fine . Here you go .
Is it OK to withdraw USD ?
OK , 200 USD , please .
Perfect . Thanks !
OK . Let me see .
Certainly . Let me see . Oh , it's on that self .
Of course . Here you are .
Good afternoon . My name is Monica . I am here for the job interview at 2 PM .
Done . Here is my paper .
What about the 3rd round ?
Good morning .
Very well . What about you ?
That is so nice of you .
Yes , what is it , William ?
All right , fine . Thank you , William .
The mangoes are on sale today .
They have yellowish red skin . It's a fruit with one big seed .
Maybe if you were a parrot . I wouldn't recommend it .
Normally , they're $ 2 each . Today , they're only $ 1 each .
It's hard to describe . They're sweet , but also sort of acidity .
They're similar to an avocado . When the outside feels soft , they're ripe .
These are from Mexico .
My car won ’ t start ! Stupid old car !
Fine .
Yeah ! I am here with my friend and he thinks it may be the spark plug or the starter motor .
Yeah , it sounds like it usually does when I start the car , but nothing else happens . The engine won ’ t start . Should I maybe press the accelerator ?
So what do you think it is ?
Umm . yeah ! Right ! I got the car started ! Thanks for your help ! I told you to fill the tank !
My brother-in-law is having a small get-together at his house and he invited me .
A bit of both . Some cousins , aunts and uncles will be there , but also some friends from the neighborhood .
Yeah he is going to be there with his step-son and his ex-wife .
No , Rick is actually my great uncle , so he is my grandmother's brother .
I'll explain later , let's go .
I'll go and quit my job in the ABC Company .
I'm afraid not , but can you make it Thursday afternoon ?
Yes . See you then .
Can't you see ? I'm practicing tai chi !
I'm just a beginner . Did my poses make me the butt of jokes ?
So , is there anything wrong with my strokes ?
Like this ?
Did I do it right ?
What should I do with my legs then ?
Fantastic ! I guess the same is true with the arms , right ?
Let me have a look .
I like the fabric , but I don ’ t like the style .
They are too bright .
Oh , hi , Mary , what can I do for you ?
It ’ s on Tuesdays and Fridays .
You could save a couple of dollars by taking it to the dump yourself , though .
It ’ s at the corner of that street .
Just leave the stuff by the curb . The company ’ ll send a guy out next month to give you the bill .
No problem .
Why ?
Really , well , OK . Get the receipts out .
That's $ 1 825 .
$ 3 075 . Our paychecks is $ 3 300 , combined . That means we don't have any receipts for $ 225 .
Well , we could eat in more often . That $ 400 for entertainment is mostly going to restaurants .
All right .
Sorry , turkey . I have already got dibs on the TV for tonight , remember ? And I'm watching ' Disco Fever ' on channel 6 .
Hey , what's wrong with the TV ?
Looks like the TV wins that argument .
Sure , why not ?
Hi Mary . We are really looking forward to a great meal here .
I would love an appetizer . Are they listed in the menu ?
I am thinking about the popcorn shrimp . How is that ?
I'll trust your taste and take one order of that .
In that case , we'll take an order of onion rings with our first choice .
Don't be so dramatic . You're such a baby . Now sit down and finish your soup .
And when we get back from the doctor's , you'll gargle again .
Well , the only free food on the streets is from a soup kitchen , and their soup isn't as tasty as mine !
I have many hobbies . I like most all kind of sports , and I also like to listen to classic musics .
Football.It ' s a very exciting game , because it keeps you alert , and I also enjoying the team spirit of football .
Yes . I enjoying reading biographs , especially those of well-known statesmen , militarists , scientist and artists , I can learn a lot from their life histories .
I like the novels of Dickens very much , I have reading almost all of them in Chinese translation , I wish i can reading them in the original .
Thank you . I never imagine that would happen .
Thank you . But I am not sure whether the manager is settling for it . She asked me to go to her office .
I feel nervous when I face Nova .
You know the sales figure shows that the prediction has not achieved .
I'm still nervous . I don't know what to say to the manager . I always feel ill in that kind of place .
No , I had no interest in the activities in college and I spent most of my spare time reading in the library .
None , I guess . My only passion is on reading .
He is out .
Where did you See then last ?
Is it kept in hand now ?
Everything that came in off the fax machine last night is all on your desk . But I noticed that some of the faxes came through pretty blurred . Maybe you can take a look at them . If the copy is unreadable , I'll call them and ask them to relax .
What about that one ?
You know , I think the fax machine is out of toner , I can change the toner cartridge . That should solve the problem .
I guess the fax machine is out of paper , too . Don't worry , I'll have someone look at it this afternoon , and in the meantime , I'll have your documents re-faxed to our other fax machine .
Easy . View the home page of the company , and see if they need staff . Many websites offer two-way service , such as job-hunting and talent hunting .
21st Talent Website , 51 Job , and Zhaopin.com are most popular .
Yes , they notify me to work next week .
It is a pretty big mechanical company . I am assigned to work in the assembly shop .
My working hours aren ’ t fixed , sometimes I do the day shift , sometimes the night shift . In all , about 8 hours .
But it matches my major .
My wage depends on production results .
The company provides labor insurance for all employees , as well as fine retirement policy .
There is the company union , but it really shares the same aims as the management .
I will .
Hi . We'd like to open a Foreign Currency Account , please .
Yes , yes , we do . Right here .
We will go for the US dollar account .
Then you've heard from Vital ?
Look , Vince . I didn't mean to step on your toes , but we need to be decisive .
This is awkward , I know . I know you're upset . But in two weeks you'll be thanking me .
I've got it .
He asked me if I'd like to be a newspaper salesperson ?
Don't worry about that . He said I can do that at spare time . Anyway , it's just a part-time job .
It's a weekly newspaper named Olympic English . So I need to be here only on Sunday .
That's exactly what I am thinking about , And also it's a good way to get social experiences .
Let's do it together .
For what ? You have a telephone at home , don't you ?
Oh .
Sure .
The train ? Will I be flying back then ?
Will the train be very crowded ?
When is the first meeting then ?
Where will I be staying ?
That's very sensible . Would it be alright if I left early today to prepare for the trip ?
I would like to book a table for six tonight .
What a pity . Can you recommend a nice restaurant near here ?
I ’ m so sorry that I have got to go . I have a business appointment right now .
What size ?
What colour ?
I ’ m sorry . We don't haven any .
Did she buy them here ?
We had some shoes like those a month ago , but we don't have any now .
I ’ m afraid that I can ’ t . They were in fashion last year and the year before last . But they ’ re not in fashion this year . These shoes are in fashion now .
They are very uncomfortable . But women always wear uncomfortable shoes !
Are you still working ?
If you got laid off or are working a lot fewer hours , you may qualify .
Not all jobs pay into unemployment insurance , so their employees cannot collect benefits .
You should have noticed unemployment insurance being deducted from your paycheck . Check your pay stubs .
The more money you made , the more you will earn on unemployment . They have a formula .
It wasn't as high as I would have liked . It was 2.5 .
I participated in several extracurricular activities . And I worked 2 jobs to put myself through school .
Which glasses ? These glasses .
These ?
Here you are .
Could you explain in detail ?
How about 60 % for the first load , then 20 % each ?
I think so , too . Our only request is that the quality is in conformity with the contract stipulations .
But what will you do if the goods we receive are not standard ?
That's great .
I'm afraid this seat is taken .
You're welcome . If you ask the conductor when he comes by , he should help you find one .
No , I'm not .
No , I'm not . I'm going to look for an apartment .
I'm going to try to find a place near the office .
Out in the suburbs . It's a long trip to work every day .
I'm going to buy a newspaper and check the classified ads .
I know , but I'm going to enroll in a night school to take a course in business management .
Cats are well know for being more independent than dogs . How old is your cat now ? you ’ Ve had her longer than we ’ Ve had our dog .
Yes . He ’ s so energetic . We take him out to the park every morning and evening . I think he ’ d be happy to stay there all day !
Your cat spends most of the day outdoors ' , right ? Do you kino where she goes ?
Have you ever thought about having another pet ?
I like to travel and I also like meeting various kinds of people .
I have studied English , tourist culture , guiding methods and techniques and so on .
Yes , I have learned Japanese as well .
Yes , I know . But I don't mind working hard .
No . I only wish that you could give me a definite answer to my application as soon as possible .
Yes , of course . I can't wait to be there .
I think so . I won't forget anything important . As long as I have my passport , VISA card and airline ticket . It will be OK .
More than 100 times . The flight takes off at 12:00 .
Hi . I ’ m interested in renting a one-bedroom apartment .
Thank you .
No .
Yes . . . a bit . . . ouch !
Yes , that hurts quite a lot .
NO , nothing .
Where ’ s what wagon ?
What water wagon ?
That ’ s my wagon . I need the water to water my flowers in the yard .
Sure . It ’ s quite far from here . Don ’ t worry , though . It ’ s not difficult to get there .
Yes . First , you need to turn around . Do you remember passing some traffic lights further up this road ?
That ’ s right . Drive back to the traffic rights and turn right . Follow the road for about a mile , until you see the plaza hotel . It ’ s a really big hotel . You can ’ t miss it . Turn left at the hotel .
Then you just go straight on until you see the station ahead of you .
No problem .
No , I'm not .
That ’ s all right .
I saw her yesterday . She was a little better .
No , you needn't . A number 13 bus will also take you to the hospital .
Yes . I caught a number 7 bus yesterday , and I had to wait for half an hour at the bus stop
But number 13 buses leave from the centre of town . You'll have to walk two miles to catch one .
Well , let's see.Why don't we go dancing for a change ? We haven't done that for a long time .
Hmm.Well , in that case , we could go to the movies .
Well , do you have any suggestions ?
It's OK with me , but we don't have any beer and things .
OK .
Are you all right ?
Good . You scared me .
Sure . Is this your first time skiing ?
What for ?
OK . But I hope it won't take too long .
Do you want me to check the tires ?
$ 10 .
What was the problem ?
Things happen ; make sure it doesn't become a habit .
All right , please take this message and call this client .
Now does everyone understand the diagram on the board ?
I will explain it again ; especially for those of you who arrived late .
It's $ 160 .
Sorry , sir , we are having a sale now .
I am sorry , I didn ’ t catch what you said . Could you repeat it please ?
Sorry , my English isn ’ t so good . Could you speak a little slower ?
But Steven , you've called in sick 3 times during the last three weeks .
All right , then . But don't forget to bring a doctors note tomorrow .
I'd like to get this prescription filled .
Thanks . Do you sell aspirin here ?
Oh , I see it . Do you have multi-vitamins ?
( The customer gets the aspirin and vitamins . ) That'll be $ 16.00 .
Here's your change . Thank you .
Just a moment , please.Yes , I can let you have Room 560 with a view of the sea .
No , he isn't . He's an engineer , the most famous one in our company .
Oh , she did ? Then it's a used car of course .
What else did she tell you ? Did she tell you how many miles there are on it ?
That's not bad . What about the price ? Did she tell you how much her friend wants for the car ?
Three thousand ! That's almost too good to be true . Did she say why her friend wants to sell it ?
Well , we can see it for ourselves . Did she tell you when we can go and look at it ?
Okay . But our baby has fallen sleep .
But where's the switch ?
No , mom . Piano is for girls .
No way , mom . I don't like piano .
All right , all right . I understand .
I get along pretty well with most of them .
I think the key point is to be considerate of your co-workers ' feelings and needs and make a good working environment .
Certainly . Do you have your receipt ?
Now , why do you want to exchange it ?
I'm sorry . I'll get you a new player .
Okay , here's a new one for you .
I have learned English for 10 years , and I have passed College English test level 4 and 6 .
I have taught myself Japanese in college , and I can carry on simple conversations in Japanese .
I have a driver's license , and two years of driving experience .
I am very familiar with Windows operating system .
No , but I have taken elective courses in computer in college .
I think I can work well under pressure .
Let's see . If we have it , it should be over there under M . ( He looks through the Cds . ) Hmm , it looks like we've sold out of that one , but we should be getting some more copies in soon . If you want , we can order it for you .
Yes , it's right over here .
Back there against that wall .
No problem .
Can You tell me how many you want to buy ?
Well . then , 260 yuan each .
I'm afraid we can't go as high as that . You know we usually don't give any discount . but considering the newly established business relationship between us , I could give you 3 % off the list price .
OK . OK . I don't want to haggle with you . Let's say , how about 3.5 % ?
Oh , no . I forgot .
What time does the recycle truck come by ?
I'll just take it out to the street tomorrow morning .
What do you mean ?
Do you think I'll forget to do it ?
Okay , I'll take it out front right now .
My name is Liu Wei . I have booked a ticket to Boston three days before .
But now I want to make a change . Please cancel this flight and transfer me to flight GB105 .
Yes .
Well , there is air-conditioning . Did you see that window air conditioner there ? The problem is that the window unit isn ’ t powerful enough .
Well , I ’ m going to move out anyway . The new apartment has central air-conditioning .
Well , I had to wait until the lease expired . So ...
Well , I open the windows and ... and I ’ Ve got an electric fan ere . It helps a little .
Yes . I went to Hawaii on a vacation with my husband .
We came back the day before yesterday . I enjoyed myself there very much . The beach is beautiful . You should go there some day . The sun was lovely , too .
I have a special party tonight , and I'd like to change my style . Actually , I ’ m thinking about a perm . My sister is getting married next month . I think that if I have a perm now , I'll look very natural by then . What do you say ?
No , I don't like short hair . I like this one . The wave looks beautiful , and it fits my age too .
No , you can take your time . Oh , I also want a manicure while I am having the perm .
Thank you . How much will this cost ?
I'd love to ! But I have never learned martial arts , and there is only a month left before the New Year .
Sounds great ! Shall I learn the actions that Jet Li did in the movies ?
Whatever ! I'm glad to learn something of Chinese kung fu . Thanks for asking me .
Good !
We did the best that we could to give you a low price . Did you get our recent estimate ?
I've already given you a discount of 20 % off of our normally charge . If I go any lower , we'll have loss on this project . I really want to work with you on this . But we've already gone as low as we can go .
I'll tell you what , I'll go over the number again with our financial team and see what I can do . I can't give you any guarantees . But we can try .
I know . I intend to go to the store today .
Which one ?
Oh , you mean ' KIKES ' ?
Well , I'll see . Sometimes the stores don't have some of the new kinds of cereal .
First , why don't you tell me what you need , such as how big a room , where you want to live , whether you want to live downtown , and what you like to do . Then I can figure out which apartment is most suitable for you .
I think that an apartment with two rooms and a kitchen would suit your needs . I can introduce you to a place for rent near your school . The apartment is on the 7th floor , so it is very quiet and suitable for studying .
You can also go to the school's sports field to play soccer , and if you're lucky you might make some Chinese friends there . It is right near the market and has comfortable facilities .
If you bring them back with your receipt within seven days , you'll get a full refund . Also , if you need alterations to the pants , just bring them in and we'll do them for free .
That'll be $ 70 , please . Will you be paying by cash or charge ?
Okay , sir , here you are . Thank you very much .
It's delicious .
Great . Well , the main issue here , as you can see is that our expenses are through the roof .
Well , um , sir , the company expenditures on entertainment and travel are out of control . Look at these bills for example . Just this month we ’ Ve paid over twenty thousand dollars for hotel charges !
The list goes on and on . Here , this is a bill for five thousand dollars for spa treatments !
Look at this one sir , eight thousand dollars were spent in one night at a place called ” Wild Things ” ? !
Yes , I ’ m off to the department store . I must buy some furniture for my new flat .
Ok . Thanks for that information .
Ok , do they have a delivery service ?
Ok , I ’ ll see you later .
Oh , yeah , A . Thank you for approving my job .
Yeah , I believe it , but I want to know if you will give me a raise .
You are right , boss , but I need specific confirm to keep the future work better .
That ’ s great . What are the prizes ?
To encourage the staff increases .
What about the afternoon ?
You don't make any prior appointment , do you ?
Please tell your name , company and the nature of your business .
I see . Wait a minute , please .
Yes . I once worked in a small company for one year .
My reason for leaving is that I wish to get into the advertising business .
I've learnt a lot about business knowhow . I got to know what kind of knowledge was needed in my future work .
Which subway should I take to get to the East Side ?
Which train is that ? Which platform does it leave from ?
Hi , Karen . This is John Williams in the purchasing department . Can you check to see if there ’ s a package down there for me ?
Thanks , Karen .
Hello ! Mr . Wang . this is Smith .
It's a pleasure .
I hope so .
Don't mention it .
Yes , I will . Have a nice flight back .
Good-bye !
not very well . I haven ’ t found anything within my price range yet .
I can only afford about 300 pounds a month .
really ? That ’ s a lot of money to pay for one room .
do you know of anyone who needs a roommate ?
I ’ d prefer non-smoking roommates , but I guess I ’ ll have to take what I can get !
I can sign a contract up to a year . I don ’ t know where I ’ ll be after that .
I don ’ t have any furniture , so it ’ d be great if it were furnished .
no , I thought that would be included in the rent .
I don't think I can afford that .
that's a good idea . I ’ ll look into finding something like that .
Our meal was absolutely perfect !
Dessert sounds perfect , but I would like to split something with my friends .
I think that the apple crisp would be wonderful .
We would also like a piece of chocolate mousse cake . Could you bring us four dessert forks , please ?
We are all tea drinkers . Please bring us four teas .
The hot drinks first would be great . Thanks !
I am looking for a pair of trousers . Do you have any good ideas ?
I don't like it . Actually I am looking slacks .
It seems all right . Do you have pantaloons ?
What do we get this morning ?
I ’ d like to a glass of tomato juice please .
Yes . A dish of cornmeal weight .
Yes . Baked eggs and buttered toast . I like my baker very crazy .
Fried , please .
No , that ’ s enough , thank you .
Yes , we can have a picnic on the top of the hill .
Let me see . We should go to buy some fruit first .
How about taking a cantaloupe ? It is light and sweet . Children love it .
Yes . Look , cashew , peanuts , assorted biscuits , chocolate , canned goods , anything else ?
Definitely beer . Two bottles .
Yes . Shall we buy some saucers ? It will be used during our picnic .
Let's go to queue up . There are so many people in the lines .
Yeah . You can take them home and either use them as a gift or keep them as mementoes .
I'd suggest that you go to the Philately Store in Nanjing Road East , where the items are authentic and the prices are reasonable .
You're always welcome . Anything else can I do for you , sir ?
I guess it is . The restaurant is on the second floor . Please enjoy your dinner , sir !
I am great . How are you ?
Yeah , me too ! What are you thinking you would like to do ?
Have you gone out on any interviews so far ?
Did you see the posting for the electrician apprentice program ?
Let ’ s go check it out again !
Do you have a reservation ?
Let me check if we have any vacancies ... You ’ re in luck.We have one single room available .
$ 60 a night.No charge for local calls on the phone or for the TV , unless you decide to watch the pay-per-view channels .
Here ’ s your key.Check out time is 12 noon.If you want to stay until 6 p . m . , it ’ s another half day.After that you have to pay for another night .
It ’ s open from 6:30 a.m.to 10 p.m.every day .
It ’ s that way , on the second floor .
May I see some identification , sir , please ?
Thank you so much . Have you got a credit card , Mr . Sandals ?
Unfortunately , at the present time we take only MasterCard or VISA .
Thank you , sir . You'll be in room 507 , nonsmoking , with a queen-size bed . Do you approve , sir ?
That's great . This is your key , sir . If you need anything at all , anytime , just dial zero .
Does your boss pay you for the over-time work ?
He should know that this is against the Labor Law in our country . Legally , employees should get double pay if asked to do extra work during the weekend or on holidays .
I suggest that you go to the lawyers ' office to get some help .
sure , what is it ?
in most cities in China , doggie bags are quite uncommon .
it usually goes to the dump .
ordering a lot of food at restaurants is just a tradition in China . You know , in the past , people could not afford to eat out like they can today .
well , if you want , you can take the leftovers home .
I was impressed that you tried the pig's feet . I heard that many foreigners don't like to eat them .
did you like them ? You could take the last one home with you .
Yes , it is . Please put your luggage on the scale .
Oh , can I keep this little suitcase as hand-luggage ?
Here's your ticket and your boarding card .
Yes . I think so . It ’ s not a very expensive apartment . It ’ s in the right area and it has everything that we are looking for . The rooms are quite large too .
The neighbourhood is nice too . There is a park nearby .
It ’ s a pity we can ’ t afford a house . A garden would be so nice .
The building is quite new and well constructed . I ’ m happy with the fittings too .
Could we order later ? We have five persons altogether and 2 of us are still on the way .
Yes , thank you .
Wait a minute . I am really sorry but I can't find it now .
Maybe , what shall I do now ?
Well , I think that's the only thing I can do .
Yes , I'd like to make a deposit .
I prefer time deposit .
RIB deposit .
Yes .
Six months .
Here you are .
Thank you .
Of course , here is the catalogue and the price list . You can have a look . We also have many other kinds of carpets .
Of course we can . We can provide the quantity you ask for .
No problem . Let's check the terms of contract .
Here's the application form .
Thank you . Now if you'll just give me a credit card .
Thank you .
Which book ? Your cookbook ?
Isn ’ t it on the bookshelf ?
Then have you put it in the bedroom ?
Ok . Look ! It ’ s just near your foot .
Good . How about you ?
Have you been on the bus for a while ?
Do you ride this bus often ?
You have a car ?
So why aren't you driving it ?
That's smart thinking .
I know how you feel . I had a similar problem with a landlord a few years ago . Fortunately , the one we have now is very nice .
Yes . I'd like to place an overseas call to London . Can I dial direct ?
Oh , I see . How about the charges ?
Oh , let me think of it ... Could you put through a collect cal for me ?
It's a Mrs . Peters , Marilyn Peters .
It's London , 9981-6432 .
My name's Ron Smith and the phone number is 356-2210 .
Of course . This camera is easy to operate .
It's made in China .
Not very expensive .
OK . Do you want any film ?
Here you are .
I received a bachelor's degree .
I received my bachelor's degree from Peking University in 2004 .
What ’ s going to be covered in the orientation ?
Quite a lot . All them one afternoon ?
It is ok with me . I enjoy being busy and learning new things .
Yes , sir.how can I help you ?
You would need to speak to Ms.Stevens .
One moment , please , and I will connect your call .
Here you go .
Cancelled ! So what am I supposed to do now ?
What's my other option ?
That's fine . I'll do that then .
Yes , but have you made an appointment ahead ?
Just a minute please . I ’ ll make a call to the HR office .
Thank you very much .
Don ’ t be intimidated . There is a lot to sign , but I will explain everything to you very clearly .
All the papers have been drawn up , but I will need to see your picture ID so we can notarize these papers .
We are going to go through these bit by bit . You will have plenty of time to read the fine print .
We want you to get any outside help that you need . Do not ever sign documents that you don ’ t understand .
When these papers get processed , the house will be yours !
Don't be silly . Let's go Dutch .
An mp4 player ? why don't you buy a new cell phone ? You can find an mp4 player inside any of the latest cell phones . mp4 ?
Look at my cell phone . I can listen to music , watch movies , take pictures , play games , surf the web and download documents . It's just like a PAD .
That's Ok . you know , digital devices are becoming smaller and easier to carry , and they won't cost you too much .
That's right . what's the flash memory of your old mp3 ?
Then any cell phone can meet your need because they generally have memories of over 512MB .
Hello . Is there anything I can do for you ?
Certainly , I'll be very happy to help you . Usually we offer current or fixed accounts for individuals .
If you open a fixed account , the interest rate is higher .
You may withdraw the money at any time . You just need to present your deposit book .
OK . Do you have your ID card on you ?
Good . Everything is done . Here is your deposit book and ID card .
It's my pleasure .
Nah , I just check my weight , I'm getting fatter .
I'll get you for that comments , George .
ah , I don't know a fit works . Last time , all I saw the gym were bunch of lidos , like me .
All right . But so help me it better work .
Not me . I'm too hot and I'm too tired .
Well , that's not for me .
Get out of it ! It wasn't as good as you think .
It is called Energy Collector .
Maybe . Oh , I see the Jungle Flying Train . I once rode it . It was very exciting .
Me too . Daniel , look at your left side . Can you see the Air Force Ants ?
Good , you can make your dream come true here .
So you can prove you are a man .
It's just you !
How so ? I thought it went fine .
I ’ m sorry . I thought we were all pretty much in agreement .
Hi , I'd like to leave a wake-up call .
Please wake me up at 6 am .
All I had was a sandwich , chips , and soda .
I went to the cafeteria and bought it .
I ordered a ham sandwich , but they gave me a bologna sandwich instead .
I enjoyed it , even though I had not asked for it .
Is that right ?
That may be true , but I'm sure you enjoyed your sandwich .
Yeah . I go shopping once a week
What do you mean ? I can't understand .
Really ? That's unbelievable .
umm ... yeah ! I ’ m looking for a nice gift to give my girlfriend . Our fifth anniversary ’ s next Friday .
No , not really ... I ’ m completely at a loss .
That purple one . I ’ m sorry ... I ’ Ve never bought jewellery for anyone and I ’ m kind of nervous .
Oh ... wow . That ’ s really pretty.Jess would love that . But ... I was thinking of something a little more delicate , perhaps a necklace ?
Jess ? Well , she ’ s very smart , and has a great sense of humor . She ’ s very feminine ...
Well ... actually ... I was thinking about asking Jess to marry me ... I ’ Ve just been so nervous .
Okay , I ’ Ve decided . I ’ m going to pop the question !
I am reading the book on patent and I think it will be helpful for my work
Yep ! I heard that your company is registering a new trademark .
I just read this in the whole afternoon . Let me show you .
The purpose of the law is to protect and encourage inventions and to promote the development of science and technology . The law came into effect in 1984 , and it consists of 8 chapters with 69 articles .
Foreign companies should appoint a patent agency , which is designated by our government to act as his patent agent . This task is usually taken by the Patent Agent Department .
15 years .
Right , drink as much as you can .
Yes . Go straight ahead till you come to the traffic lights , turn left there and it's the first turning on the right .
That's it . It'll take you about five minutes .
Have you tried the Internet ?
Wow , you really live in the Stone Age , Mom .
Go to yahoo.com and click on “ Travel ” and “ Tickets . ” They ’ ll be about a billion sites to look at .
All right .
Well , I am always energetic and enthusiastic . That's my strongest personality .
Em , as I have said , I'm diligent and industrious . On the other hand , sometimes I'm too hard-working and I put myself under too much pressure to make things perfect .
To work in a team , in my opinion , two characteristics are necessary for a person . That is , the person must be cooperative and aggressive .
I like playing games and having sports . They are my favourite hobbies .
Oh , it's hard to narrow it down to just one . I mean , I like all kinds of sports , basketball , swimming , bike riding and so on . Maybe it is just the reason why I am so energetic and vigorous .
Please put you name and address here . May I see your passport ?
How would you like it ?
OK . Here you are .
cool down , Harry ! What are you really mad about ? Did you get ripped off ?
is that so ? I'm afraid people here will not take pity on unlucky guys like you . Bargaining has always been an indispensable procedure in business deals . It's the norm of free trade . The seller sets a preposterous price , and the buyer tries his best to bring it down , until a compromise is reached . Yet you ignored the process . No wonder you ended up easy prey .
of course , that's something really irritating . And the only way to avoid being trapped is to know in advance about the real worth of the stuff . I recommend you to consult the price tags in the supermarket first . And then you may negotiate for a fair deal .
Sure , we have several different styles you may choose . How high of a heel do you want ?
In that case , I might have just the pair for you . Look at these , they were made in Italy , the leather is very soft , so your toes will not get pinched . You can tell just by looking at it that it was superbly made .
Yes , we do , we also have this same style in dark blue and red .
Let me go to the back and get them . I'll be right back .
Brad , it's her birthday . Let's get her something really special .
I mean beautiful and heartfelt-something that will make her cry .
Women like that kind of thing , beautiful thoughts that are touching .
Okay , you get your funny one and I'll get my beautiful one .
Yes , please . We ’ re on my way out . You can put up make up sign on . Could you bring us some towels and hangers .
Your main responsibility is trouble-shooting between top management and the general employees .
Yes , you definitely will .
Oh , four or five . How much is the rent for this apartment ?
150 ? No , I'm not really interested in this place . It isn't big enough . It isn't near enough to my office .
About 3 weeks .
By the end of this month , at the latest .
We ’ ll have them worked out by this evening and let you have them tomorrow morning . Would you be free to come by then ?
Perfect . Our offer remains open for 3 days .
I ’ m sure you ’ ll find our price most favorable . Elsewhere prices for hardware have gone up tremendously in recent years . Our prices haven ’ t changed much .
We shall be very pleased . Is there anything else I can do for you , Mrs . Anderson ?
Certainly , I ’ ll make an appointment for you with Mr . Jordan of the Egypt National Native Produce and Animal By-products Import and Export Corporation .
No , I haven't been registered .
I'm a medical case .
Yes , here you are .
The doctor told me to stay about one month .
Well , when they leave the hospital , give me a call and I'll come back .
Recently it's been pretty good , actually .
Well , yes . Thanks , there's no trouble at the moment .
I'm going to need a Deposit Certification , to handle the affairs related to home .
It sure was . I couldn't eat another bite .
You're right . I have to get up early to go to work tomorrow .
Don't worry about it . Tonight is my treat .
No , I insist . I kept telling you that I would treat you to dinner but I still haven't .
Alright , if that's the way you are going to be , we'll split the bill .
Just promise you will let me treat you to dinner next week , ok ?
Great . Bye .
Please call me or send e-mail . Could you please let me know when your organization can make a decision ?
I really appreciate your time and help . See you then .
No , It is a middle-sized private company .
Yes , there are approximately three hundred people .
Well , I hate to disturb you , but I really can't stand it any more . Can you change my room for me ? It's too noisy . I was woken up several times by the noise the baggage elevator made . It was too much for me .
Anyhow , I'd like to change my room .
All right . I hope I'll be able to enjoy my stay in a quiet suite tomorrow evening and have a sound sleep .
OK . Thank you .
Yes , I'd like a cheeseburger and a large order of French fries .
Yes , a medium Coke .
Yes .
To go , please . ( The attendant hands the customer his order . )
Yes . Go straight ahead till you come to the traffic lights , turn left there and it's the first turning on the right .
That's it . It'll take you about five minutes .
Good morning , this is Jane . This is Apple Co . Ltd .
Yes , this is . May I help you ?
Oh , the results have come out , and I can tell you ... Yes , I find your name . You are hired . Congratulations !
Next Monday morning .
Your starting salary is 2500 yuan a month , and after you become a permanent employee , it will be higher .
See you !
I'd like to rent a car , please .
Full-size , please . What's the rate ?
And I'd like to have insurance just in case .
No .
All right . I'll take it .
How about this one ?
Just one day .
Is the international driving licence fine ?
No , who was it ?
You ’ re a liar !
Who voted for him ?
That ’ s the dumbest thing that I ’ Ve ever heard .
What could be worse than what you just told me ?
That ’ s fantastic ! You really got me there .
My Willie ? Why has he suddenly become my Willie ?
What did he do this time ? I remember last time he was painting her fence to repay her for breaking it , and he accidentally painted her cat .
Ok , tell me .
And the ball went through her window ? That's not as bad as last time .
Ok , that's probably expensive , but not that bad .
At least the fish were saved . If that's the end of the damages , then everything isn't that bad .
Hmm , that is bad .
I love all the fashionable things . But my favorite brand is Chanel .
Yeah . Each style is specially designed by world's top designers . So they can always make you look amazing .
Not really , especially at the beginning , if you wear high heels all day long , your feet would hurt . But , no big deal . Women can always get used to that .
Sure . But everyone loves to be beautiful . Hey , do you think this pair of sunglasses matches the handbag well ?
Come on . Fashion is not only for women . Men also share the equal right to chase fashion . It's the new fashion for men to wear perfumes , which is called cologne .
It takes time for that . But people's consuming attitudes are changing quickly .
No . Fashion is just part of my life , which improves its quality . But also , I'm good at financing . I have a credit card , but I never overdraft .
I have to say that's just the result of difference of our consumptive habits .
Hold on
Do you want to send it by ordinary or registered mail ?
Anything of value in it ?
In that case , you'd better have it registered .
Yes , when your friend gets it , he'll sign a receipt , which will be sent to you by mail . Then you can be sure it's been received .
Why ?
I realize that but I needed to make a decision .
Yes , sir . Can I help you ?
Medium rare , that ’ s right , sir . I remember your order .
If it is not to your satisfaction , I ’ ll certainly bring you another . But I ’ m afraid you may have to wait for a few minutes .
Yes , I think I am quite proficient in both written and spoken English .
I have been studying English since junior high school . And I majored in English in college .
Yes , I speak a little French and Japanese .
Sure it is . I am up to my ears as time expressed .
If we were in the same conference room , I would not work late these days . That conference room has been booked out . This time our boss wants to hold the meeting in our company . So everything has to be rearranged and checked , like tables , chairs , mean tacks , podium , audio and visual equipments and even the lunch menu .
Sure . Beijingers are distinguished for their warmth and hospitality .
To begin with , I have to use chopsticks .
Certainly . After all , I've been here for two years . It's not much uphill work for a foreigner to get used to Chinese dinner utensils . Though , I do feel hazy about how to behave appropriately at a Chinese dinner table .
Anything strange about that ?
Oh , sorry ! There's a long story even with a mere pair of sticks .
Yeah , we were classmates when I was in university .
Sure , if I can
By airmail or seamail ?
Your parcel weights 420 grams . So it is 21.3 dollars by air , or 6.9 dollars by sea .
About a month .
Please fill out this form , and then take your parcel to the counter on my left-hand side .
Not at all .
How about some Zongzi ?
Well , it's a pyramid-shaped dumpling made from glutinous rice wrapped in reed leaves .
Do you want some stuffed bun ? It's delicious , too .
Anything else ?
OK . Wait for a moment , please . I'll be back in a moment with the dishes .
$ 10 .
Well , what about $ 8 ? Take it or leave it .
OK . The X2500 has the unique feature of providing better data flow with less input time . It will reduce your work load at the office .
Of course . One of the real pluses of this product is that it is of very high quality , and of compact size . No one can match us so far as quality is concerned .
We have this item in three price level .
That means this one .
Hi , Lily ! How is everything ?
I ’ m sorry to hear that.Take care of yourself .
Mom , I don't want to bathe today .
Mom , I'm tired . I feel sleepy . I want to go to bed right now .
OK . I promise . Thank you , Mom .
I'm watching TV .
Tingling is on TV .
Channel 8 .
Yes , sir.When do you want to leave here ?
Will , that'll be the sixth of September .
I'll check it over.Oh , there're three flights available that day.one at 2 p . m . , one at 5 p . m . and the other at 9p . m .
4 o'clock .
Nobody told you what happened ?
A truck turned over on the freeway .
I am completely serious .
I believe that two people did get hurt .
I believe so .
Yes , it is .
No , I have't got the chance to meet the famous professor yet .
Thank you very much .
We take very good care of this particular pump . It's a crucial part of our process . We clean it and flush it through at the end of every shift , We check the high pressure seals , recalibrate the gauges and lubricate all moving parts weekly . We replace the gaskets every month .
Well , from experience we can predict the lifespan of different components . We try to replace components before they fail or wear out . This prevents the equipment from breaking down . It also saves us a lot of trouble !
Shall I come to your office this afternoon ?
Better late than never .
That's perfectly all right .
It's really of nothing .
That's quite all right .
I have a little experience . I guided a few foreign tourists around Beijing last year as a part-time job . I showed them to the Great Wall , the Imperial Palace , and the Summer Palace .
Yes , I know . A friend of mine is a guide . He talked with me about his work , but I don't mind working hard .
No , this is my first .
I'd like to be an overseas tour guide someday . Would there ever be any chance of that ?
Yes . When can I get the decision ? I hope you can give me a definite answer as soon as possible . If I'd turned down , I ll have to secure a position elsewhere .
Thank you . Good-bye .
Of course , it's my pleasure . We'll quote you the lowest price prevailing .
Here is our price list , our terms are cash within three months of date of delivery , if you can pay it within one month . we'll give you a discount of 10 % .
Can you tell me how many goods you intend to order ?
The most we can offer you at present is 600 dozen .
Are you going to cook anything ?
If you're hungry , then cook something .
Tell me what you want to eat .
I'd like that .
I'm really not going to cook tonight .
Why don't you start cooking then ?
I haven ’ t been involved in international business , so I don ’ t have any experience .
Honest , hardworking and responsible .
No , I haven ’ t discussed my career plan with my present employer , but I am sure he will understand .
Not yet . What happened ?
Yes , I heard the lights were out all night .
I don't understand .
They really started looting ?
Did the looters get caught ?
Hopefully we won't have any more blackouts .
Let me see . Go straight on , then take the first turning on the left .
Twenty minutes ’ walk at most .
Hello , is Doris available ?
Hi , Doris , this is Mike calling from Parker's Dentistry . I'm calling to confirm your appointment for tomorrow morning at 9 am with Dr.Parker .
If I put you in at a later spot , would that work out ?
Sorry ma'm , the only opening we have after lunch is one fifteen , but I might be able to work you in after 4 . would that be a better time ?
No problem . I have you appointment changed from tomorrow morning to tomorrow afternoon at one fifteen .
Take the No . 7 bus . There's a bus stop just over there .
Yes . No need to change .
I want to file a complaint .
A man robbed me today .
I was robbed this morning .
He took my phone and my wallet .
I saw him perfectly .
I could do that .
Yes , is there any vacant room for tomorrow ?
Well , is there any other hotel nearby ?
Thank you .
Yes , it is . Which department for ?
What's your problem then ?
OK , I will register you with medical department .
Yes . Just go there !
It's on the second floor . Have you got your records ?
OK , here is your registration card .
I sure am . How about you ?
Do you know where your polling place is ?
Oh , really ?
I ’ m not sure .
I didn ’ t receive my polling place in the mail .
I didn ’ t know that . I ’ ll go look right now .
No , I'm proficient in both written and spoken English , but I can only carry on a simple conversation in French .
My mother is an English teacher in a college , so I began learning English when I could speak , and I took English as my minor subject at university .
Er , good morning , yes , er ...
Oh , yes.Erm , well , could you tell me your name , please ?
Oh , yes.Erm , well , what exactly is it that interests you about the job ?
Really , hmmmm.Erm , well , could you perhaps tell me a little about yourself ?
Where exactly have you been working , please ?
I'm afraid I lost my ticket . Can I buy one again now ?
I'm going to New York .
In Chicago .
I'm afraid I don ’ t .
Yes , may I know your name ?
Does it mean anything ?
Why do you buy stocks , then ?
I think something must be done .
I agree with you . Only in this way can we ease the traffic problems .
How about this one ?
It doesn't matter , sir . Shoes will stretch a bit with use .
Yes , I have . I handed in my application form two weeks ago and I ’ m going for an interview next week .
The application form are quite complicated . It took me a few hours to fill it out . The hardest thing was getting all the necessary documents . That took almost two weeks .
I had to show document relating to my financial status and of course my education , because I want a student visa .
I think that they don ’ t complete the forms correctly or they don ’ t include all the required documents . The embassy is very strict about it . You have to be quite careful .
That ’ s simple . Many people break the rules regarding their visa conditions .
hi . It was awful . I think I put forward some great ideas , but none of them were accepted .
so did i . I ran the ideas by a few people before the meeting and their ideas seemed to have the supports of some people .
one or two people didn ’ t take to my ideas very well . That was to be expected . The worst thing was that the people who said the idea were good before the meeting didn ’ t support me during the meeting .
that ’ s good advice , but I ’ m not confident that even revised proposals will be accepted .
sure . I ’ m open to any reasonable suggestions .
I ’ m not sure that ’ s a good idea .
I'm glad you liked it . Are you ready for dessert ?
I made strawberry shortcake .
Great . Would you like coffee or tea with that ?
do you take cream or sugar with your tea ?
definitely . Would you like skim or whole milk ?
what happened ?
I'll go with you . Where is she ?
is she alright ?
don't worry . Family comes first . Come on , let's go .
ok . Just call me if you need anything then .
I think families everywhere have changed a lot in the last 5 decades .
Well , in the past , three or four generations would live together under the same roof . Nowadays , living in the same city as one's relatives is becoming rare .
Would you consider having your parents live with you when they get older ?
That's very respectable , but I could never live with my parents . I usually only see them at our christmas celebration — and that's enough !
Two of my sisters still live at home , even though they have already graduated from university and have good jobs . They enjoy spending their free time with my parents . I guess in that respect , I'm the black sheep of the family .
They're always asking me to come home , but I think our relationship is better if we keep a distance from each other . Whenever we see each other , all we do is fight .
Yes.May I help you ?
What is your reservation number ?
Let me see.Oh , yes.We have your reservation number .
I'm sorry to say " No . "
80 yuan .
It's a bit . But I can give you a discount .
No . I'm afraid the price is too low .
I'm sorry , but I think you should give me no less than 65 yuan .
I was told to come over to this window if I want to make a withdrawal . I'm not withdrawing from a Current Account , you see . I want to withdraw from my Certificate of Deposit .
Oh , I see . Will I lose any money if I decide to withdraw on it now ?
Oh dear . Well , if it has to be done , then it has to be done .
Hi . I want to place an order , please .
Pick - up .
I have a menu from your restaurant . I ’ ll order using the number of each meal from your menu .
I ’ d like to order number 17 , no . 23 and no . 24 .
Medium , please .
I ’ ll be there in about an hour .
I have just got lost with my friends . Would you please help me find them ?
Shone . And one of my friends ' name is Jessie .
I have a problem .
I owe fees , but a bank statement never came in the mail about it .
I have no idea about the fee , so my fees went up .
Will you be able to solve my problem ?
So , I don ’ t have to pay any of it ?
That ’ s fabulous . Thank you very much .
Sunny-side up , please .
What kind of bread do we have ?
I think I'll have two slices of whole wheat .
Sure .
Is Dan in ?
Yes , this is Tom White .
Thank you .
It's whatever you're planning on cooking .
No , I always cook .
Don't give me that . If you're hungry , then cook dinner .
Look , I'm really tired tonight . I don't feel like cooking dinner .
Thank you . I'm going to bed .
Yes , please .
I ’ Ve looked at your units , and I am very happy with them . Your goods are all far above standard quality .
Well , we ’ re really interested in placing an order under negotiation . We can start the negotiations as soon as you want .
Fine . Also , would you mind if I asked to see a surveyor ’ s report of your products ? I may have a few more questions about your quality analysis .
The People's Park is located on Nanjing Road , near Limbo road , just on the opposite side of the International Hotel .
Only about twenty minutes .
No , you aren't . Just go ahead , please .
You can take the No . 22 trolley bus to get there .
Do you think she'd like a laptop ?
A Mac is something most people appreciate .
Our 15 - inch Pro will cost you only $ 2,100 .
You've made a good decision . How would you like to pay ?
It's all yours after you sign here , please .
This is good to go . If she wants accessories , just visit us again .
Have a nice day , and thank you for shopping here .
Good idea . We can finish this project the first thing tomorrow morning .
That ’ s great . Thanks for the ride . I really appreciate 1 it . You know my car is still in the shop .
It's very nice of you .
Honey , what's up ?
Oh , really ? I know that telephone signal must have been shielded in the elevator shaft , so what did you do then ?
Did you panic at the time ?
Was there anyone else with you ?
So you mean that you were the only brave one there ?
For what ? Complaining about what happened in the elevator ?
That was just an accident . you are worried too much about it . I think the property management will check the elevator and improve their service from now on .
I'm afraid I can't .
Well , my car won't start . I don't know what's the matter with it .
No , I don't think it could be . I checked the battery two days ago . It must be other problems .
No , there is plenty of gas . I filled it up yesterday .
Yes , that's possible .
Would you tell me the nature of the problem , sir ?
Perhaps you saw a silverfish , sir .
Sir , you haven't been drinking by any chance , have you ?
Forgive me . You're 100 percent correct . Allow me to transfer you to my supervisor .
I'm just comparing prices .
But they don't let you have goods on approval .
Hi , Susan . What can I do for you ?
Let me take a look . Just a second . That ’ s no problem , Susan . See you on Wednesday .
I know , but I am really sick .
I understand , sir . I ’ ll bring a doctor ’ s note in tomorrow . I am sorry , Mr . Thomas
Yes . I ’ m interested in a job your company posted on the Internet .
It is a position in your Maintenance Department . Is it available ?
I have no experience but I ’ m interested in it .
I don ’ t have my resume with me , but I will send you a copy immediately . Can I fill out the application form right now ?
Thanks .
There is about a 15 - minute wait .
OK . Give me your address .
Yes . A few days ago I have no right to get a driving licence . But now I get it .
Yes , it can be quite tough . Many people fail to pass the test at the first time .
You should enroll in driving school and then take a road test and a written test . After you pass both tests , you'll get your licence .
Don't worry about your driving test . I think you will pass the test and get the driver's licence very soon .
What's that ?
That's easy . Everyone knows that there are nice .
Nice try . I wasn't born yesterday , you know .
That sounds crazy . They can't just change their mind about things like that .
I suppose you're right . They also used to think that they were so important that the sun revolved around them , not the other way around .
Do you think that we'll one day be able to travel to another planet for a vacation ?
Do you think we'll ever get to meet an alien from outer space ?
You're so old-fashioned . That's what people used to think about people from another country !
What are you buying ?
I can check for you , if you'd like .
First , we need eggs , milk , and bread .
How about some chicken , ground beef , and some steak ?
Get some snack foods .
There was a stop sign back there that you didn't stop for .
How'd you miss it ?
Those bushes are covering the stop sign .
I see why you didn't stop .
No , I'm just going to let you go .
That's all right . Make sure to look closely next time .
Good idea . I'll get some , too .
Sure . We have to have something to lie on while we're catching some rays .
No hat for me , but I'm getting this cool pair of shades .
Hello , is this 4482098 7 ? I'd like to speak to Mr Doff .
May I know when he will be back ?
Thanks , Mrs . Doff . Please tell him to be at the airport at three p . m .
This is Lucy White . Thank you . Bye .
OK . It will make your stay more convenient .
No , you can return it to any branch of our company .
Why not ?
Yes , I do . I find it very informative . It always has plenty of articles from correspondents all over the world and the business section is very useful too .
Yes . There is . it has several sections , so it ’ s quite a read ! It usually takes me a few hours to read it on Sunday morning .
Let me see . There ’ s the news section , the entertainment section , sports , business , and world affairs .
World affairs ? They look at the most important stories in more detail . I find it fascinating . Do you buy a daily paper ?
I can help you with that . Just have a seat and roll up your left sleeve .
Your doctor has requested a check of your white blood count .
If your white blood cell count is off , it could signal an infection somewhere in your body .
I am putting a tourniquet on your arm to plump up the vein . It will only feel like a little pin prick .
That was it ! Thank you for coming in today .
Mr Edwards , this is Kristy calling from IBA .
Do you remember coming in to do the L / C amendment last week ?
The negotiating bank has just been in touch ...
No , Mr Edwards , not at all . We are contacting you to let you know that everything has gone smoothly and the amendment has been accepted .
Okay , what package would you like to order ?
We offer packages with all the movie channels .
We also have packages with all the sports channels .
We have that available .
Would you like anything else with your package ?
Yes , you can add or get rid of channels later on if you would like .
I'd like extra prints made of these photos .
Yes . Here they are . I've marked how many prints I want on each shot .
Four by six , except this one . I want a ten by thirteen print of this one .
And what did you decide ?
I'm glad you saw the reason .
I think we have a little ways to go .
I know .
I'm not sure .
I don't know . We may have missed our stop .
Yeah , we did miss it .
Sorry .
Yes , but I will graduate from the Shanghai Finance and Trade school next month .
I'm sure . You know my major is statistics and I get excellent records in all of the courses I have taken .
Yes , my father runs a business so I have opportunity to work in the finance department every holiday .
Thank you .
not too well ! I ’ m just to the doctor . I haven ’ t been feeling too well .. over the last few days .
that ’ s the funny thing . I don ’ t what ’ s wrong with me . I just feel exhausted .
maybe . I haven ’ t been able to keep my food down either . That ’ s unusual .
yes , he is . I ’ Ve make an appointment for 10 o ’ clock , so I ’ d better move along .
Yes . The baked fish was out of this world .
Can we have the bill now ?
The first thing that you should check out is callous , which is a great Internet-based placement service that you can use .
You can search for jobs on the computers at the EDD offices .
We can help you find local information about available jobs and workshops .
Resume Writing and Interviewing are our two most popular workshops .
Many times there are special services available to certain groups like Women at Work or job help for non-English speakers .
Is he doing very well at school ?
What's his problem ?
How can his he do that ?
No , thank you , I am not interested .
I wish I could , but I have to walk the dog and finish cooking so if you would excuse me .
Wow , that would be kind of useful , do you have any other cooking magazines ?
Wow , this is nice ! Ok , sign me up for both publications .
That is exactly what I needed ! What else do you have ?
Yeah , I've been working out a lot .
For a year and a half .
Has it been that long ?
I usually go every other day for about 3 hours .
Yeah , I used to work out for an hour a day 4 times a week , and I saw no results . This is what you have to do to get noticeable results .
Just think of it as a hobby . Then it's actually fun .
we ’ re glad that you ’ re here . Would you like a tour of the house ?
sure , I ’ ll just go put the kettle on . Why don ’ t you have a seat on the sofa and I ’ ll go take care of things in the kitchen .
do you take milk or sugar with your tea ?
ok . What do you think about our living room ?
my parents gave them to us as a house warming gift .
your daughter usually does the dusting , and I do the vacuuming .
that ’ s very nice of you to offer . Here ’ s your tea . Be careful , it ’ s still quite hot .
Pretty well , thanks . We ’ Ve just been incredibly busy ! I need to set up a meeting for Mr . Graham .
He wants to go over the bonuses for this year . He ’ ll need to meet with Mr . Winthrop and Ms . Montgomery . Can you set it up for me ?
Well , there are a lot of storybooks upstairs in our children's section . Some are written for young children , others for teens . Maybe some of them will suit your needs .
You're welcome .
Yes , you can take a limo , a tour bus or just walk .
$ 50 a day .
Turn right outside the school ; go along until you come to the main road ; turn left ; go straight ahead , straight on at the roundabout , down the hill , and turn left at the bottom .
You are welcome . Hope you can find it soon .
To the right .
Looks good .
No , thanks .
Thank you .
Sure , Liv , what can I do for you ?
You wanna take some time off , is that right ?
What dates are you planning on taking off ? I ’ ll need at least two months notice , so that I can plan for your absence .
Well , I guess so .
Where do I go to pick up my ballot ?
How ’ s that ?
That ’ s wonderful . Thank you .
Here you go .
What am I supposed to do now ?
Okay . Wish me luck .
Thank you . See you .
Beauty costs , dear ! What do you think of this dress ? Do you think it suits me ?
Come on , you sound like my Mom.Look at it , it's beautiful !
Maybe you have a point .
All right . How about this black skirt ? It can be worn for anything---a party , a job interview and even a funeral !
Oh ! Hey , look , that's the same shirt Britney wore in her concert .
Why not try it on ?
Yes .
Let's have a look . What is this ? Where are all the grades ?
What about here in physical education ?
So confusing ! In my day we got an A or B if we were doing well and if we failed an exam we would get an F !
Good morning , Ms.Wilson . I've got a lot to learn from you . I think I'll enjoy working with you .
Thank you .
I see.What if the person wanted is out ?
Is there anything else I should do ?
All right .
Thank you .
I'd like a dozen long-stemmed roses .
Yes , I'd like them sent to this address .
No , could you just write your secret admirer on it for me ? I don't want her to recognize my handwriting .
Just about . It should be done in the next couple of days . Why ?
I'll give him a call .
Oh , I forgot .
I ’ m so sorry ! OK , so you just want a simple message on it .
I ’ m on it !
Hello , this is Wang Li . I want to know the status of the position .
When can I know whether I'm accepted or not ?
What exactly do you want ?
What did you want to get ?
What kind do you want to get ?
I can tell you what kind I like .
Apple pie is my favorite .
See , I helped you out .
You can expect to earn sixty-five thousand dollars per year .
The job has a menu plan where you are given a fixed amount of money and you choose what you most need in terms of benefits .
You get 2 weeks paid vacation and an additional 10 days of sick leave .
We do not currently offer any retirement plan .
We allow several weeks release time each year for our employees to attend job-related seminars and conferences .
Whoa ! Who said you got the job ?
Certainly . As you can see , we have several three-piece suites on sale . Feel free to sit down and test how comfortable they are .
Yes . The price has been reduced by 50 % . It ’ s a real bargain .
Those floor lamps are very nice and you can vary the brightness according to whether you ’ re reading or watching tv . How big is your living room ?
I ’ d suggest you buy two . That allows you to change the brightness of the room better .
Is that Anne ?
What are you talking about ? We had a great time . We laughed and talked all night last time .
That's not fair . We had fun . Give me a second chance . Can we meet tomorrow night for drinks at the pub ?
But Anne ...
We try to recycle as much as we can .
We have to send it to landfill . It's very expensive because the government recently introduced a landfill tax so we're planning to build a new incineration plant next year to burn our waste .
Yes , you're right , it does . But we believe it's less harmful to the environment than landfill
Yes , madam . May I help you ?
Fine , madam . When will Mr . Brent be arriving , and how many nights will he be staying ?
I'm afraid there's nothing available before noon .
Sorry , but he's busy then too .
I'm looking for a black , leather bag .
I'm just looking .
Yes , please . I'm hoping to get a mortgage from you and was wondering about your interest rates .
That's pretty much the same as I've been quoted at other banks .
Definitely . I want to get my mortgage paid off as soon as I can .
Mmmm ... that does sound interesting . Is there anyone available I can talk with about this in more detail ?
Hello , welcome to Universal Bank . Please insert your card into the slot .
Please input your 6 digit PIN code followed by the pound key . Thank you . Please select an option.Thank you . You have selected withdrawal .
Please type the amount you would like to withdraw.Thank you , you want to transfer 10000 USD to the World Wildlife Foundation . If this is correct please press 1 .
Confirmed . Thank you for using our bank ! Please remove your card from the slot . Goodbye !
What did you find ?
Go and try it on .
I love that shirt on you .
They don't really fit you right .
That blouse is absolutely wonderful on you .
That would be a good idea .
What's your name , please ?
Oh , yes Mr.Chou . We have been looking forward to this .
Ok , I will call you if you give me your name card .
In that case , just tell me your phone number .
Thanks .
Actually , I could use some help . Thank you so much .
I'll look out for you about 2 tomorrow afternoon .
Yes . I have to change a room .
Next door is so noisy . I can't sleep at all .
no , but I'm pretty good at eating !
well , to be honest with you , Chinese food is really different from western food .
I'm not really used to it yet .
like most foreigners , I really like Sweet and Sour Pork and Kung Pao Chicken . I eat them almost every day .
I tried once , but they are quite difficult to eat with chopsticks .
that's good to know . I'd like to try more Chinese food , but since I can't read any of the menus in the restaurants near my home , it's difficult to try new food .
that would be great . I really only want to taste real Chinese food , not just the food that foreigners like to eat !
Yes , it's true .
It's a branch of the Bank of America in Beijing .
The applicant must be alert and quick at figures , and like meeting the public .
Yes . Because the customers are mostly Americans .
Yes , starting salary is 6,000 yuan a month plus bonuses .
How ’ s it going ?
Ask away .
I already voted .
I ’ m not going to tell you .
My vote is personal .
What I can tell you is that I voted for our next President of the United States .
It is beautiful .
Actually , there is a problem .
There are some stains that were left in the carpet .
Oh , is that right ?
That was the only problem that I saw .
I honestly love it .
Good afternoon , I'm looking for Mr . Alert Li .
Sure . This is Nigel Smith his personal banker . Could you ask him to return my call ?
It's 2781703 1 .
Thanks so much , bye .
Hello . This is the operator . Can I speak to Mr . Smith , please ?
I have a collect call for you from Jennifer . Will you accept the charges ?
Okay . Thanks .
That's not a problem . Just give me your name , phone number , and date of visit .
I see your info here on the screen . I'll hit just one button , sir , and you're cancelled .
It's a pleasure .
Tell me what the problem is .
Try checking the connections .
The cords that you see behind your CPU that plug into an outlet .
If they're not connected right , that will keep it from turning on .
You should check the connections .
Tell me if it's still not working .
Yes , may I ask something about the salary and benefits in your company ?
What is the salary while on probation ?
That sounds fine .
Are there paid holidays ?
Hi Julie . Yeah . I've been on a diet for a couple of months now .
Thanks for noticing .
I joined a health club and my trainer gave me tips on eating . With a combination of eating better and exercising , I managed to lose 15 pounds in 2 months .
Mostly on how to exercise , but the best advice I got was changing my eating habits . Instead of eating 3 times a day , she told me to eat 5 times a day .
Actually , I'm eating the same amount . I eat 5 smaller meals a day . Basically , it naturally speeds up the metabolism and helps to burn fat at a faster rate .
You don't need to lose weight .
Ah ... but remember to incorporate a little exercise into your diet .
No problem .
Well you have to try Peking duck .
Ok , you could try the Peking wonton then .
Actually , I know a great restaurant in Dongcheng .
Hello ! I'd like to reconfirm my flight reservation .
It's flight CA169 , which leaves Beijing at 8: 00 a . m . on January 20th .
My name is Deng Li .
Oh , no . I'm sure I made a reservation for a first-class ticket .
That's what I should do . And I don't want to lose it .
OK ! I shall .
Can you enlarge the picture ?
I want it enlarged to 5 inches .
Where are you heading , sir ?
What's your flight time ?
I guess we should get there no later than 7:00 .
Well , since it's rush hour , I'd say the ride would take about thirty minutes , more or less.Is that okay ?
Yes , that ’ s right . To be honest , the first year was quite tough for me . I was really just treated more like an intern . I didn ’ t have many responsibilities and I found it quite frustrating .
Well slowly but surely I proved myself , and the new editor liked me so he promoted me to features writer .
Yes , I was responsible for restaurant and food reviews mostly . I spent restaurant years in that position , but to be honest it wasn ’ t an area of journalism I wanted to stay in long-term .
I just felt that the paper couldn ’ t offer me any new opportunities . I really needed a more challenging role to be honest .
That is a blast from the past .
Yes . You sure have come a long way in valuing your hard earned dollars .
But what are you going to do with that pig ?
Who knows , maybe one day he will sit on the desk of a top CEO in a major corporation !
Sure ! How about we go home and prepare a couple of sandwiches ?
All you ever do is have unhealthy fast food Pizza , fries , burgers and hot dogs ! You have to start eating better !
Yeah right ! I ’ m serious ! You should also cut down on your sugar intake as well . You drink carbonated drinks that are high in fructose syrup ! It ’ s really not healthy !
It ’ s a start , but I ’ ll be happy when I see you stick to your promise !
I'd like to buy a toy car for my son .
It looks nice . How much is it ?
Oh , I'm afraid it's too expensive . Can you show me something cheaper ?
OK , I'll take it . Here's the money .
Good evening . I'll have a Scotch .
On the rocks , please .
Is that difficult ?
That's all right . What can I do ?
Well . I can do it . And then ?
Who will pay for these things ?
OK . I will go in no time .
How much would you like to borrow ?
Let me check with our credit manager . ( later ) Our record shows that your credit rating is quite high . I don't think you'll have any problems .
Our monthly interest is 1.5 % of the outstanding balance . Would you please fill out this application form ?
Thanks ! We love it .
I ’ m just not looking forward to cleaning it !
Oh , great . Where was it ?
What was it doing there ?
You mean Johnny threw out all the dinnerware ?
That ’ ll be most helpful .
How much do you spend on development every year ?
What ’ s that building opposite us ?
If I placed an order now , how long would it be before I got delivery ?
Well , since you have order the roast chicken . I suggest you to order the red wine to go with the main course . It can help you digest the food .
I think whiskey will be a good choice .
Yes , I really want to know about the housing system in your company .
I also want to know if there's a holiday at your company , for I must visit my parents every year .
No , thanks .
Yes , that's right , around five nine five ten .
I'm not sure . Medium , I suppose . Maybe a little on the heavy side .
No , I don't think so .
No .
Black or dark brown .
Straight , I think , and about average length .
Well , he had a jacked or a plage shirt . You know the kind of number jack wear .
Dark , maybe dark blue maybe black . I'm not sure .
Boots
No , hiking boots . Brown ones .
Now I want you to look some pictures .
Good morning , Mrs Smith .
Yes , thank you .
In the first academic year we learned Principles of Accounting , and in the following years we learned Cost Accounting , Commercial Accounting , Industrial Accounting , and Management Accounting .
No , we haven't taken such a course , but we have taken a more specialized course for decision making , by the name of Forecasting and Decision-Making .
I forgot to include my experience as an accountant in my resume . In fact , I took a part-time job as an accountant at the Atlantic Trading Company during my second and third school year . I worked three evenings a week there and I did quite well . Here is the recommendation .
No problem . The professional English course is just English for Accounting . Moreover , as you know , the Atlantic Trading Company is a Sino-Australian joint venture . When I served part-time there , I became well acquainted with accounting operated in English .
I have a relative working as a manager in your manufacturing department . Her name is Lilling . She told me a lot about your company and I became quite interested . I believe I can have a promising career with the development of this company .
No , can you tell me about it ?
I have passed the five courses required by the Chinese CPA Association , but the certificate won't come to hand until next month . How about that ?
Thank you , Mrs Smith . It is really a pleasure talking with you .
Thank you . Good-bye .
I'd like to eat a bowl of dumplings .
Yes . But I prefer a bit salty soup .
Egg soup is OK .
I'd like a bottle of juice .
It was washed by washing machine .
I'm so sorry . I have no idea of it . I washed silk dress the first time . I'll buy a new one for you or I'll give you money .
It's very nice of you . I'll try my best to do my job well .
I go to bed at ten and get up at six .
Sure .
Oh , yes !
I am glad to hear that .
Thank you , I ’ ll pay next then .
Check , please .
No kidding ! We have only 5 bottles of beer .
No , I haven't . What's going on ?
Yes . The lights were out all night .
What do you mean ?
People went out and looted ?
Did the police find who did it ?
I hope we don't have any more blackouts .
Here you are .
Yes , I think so . The suit matches the trousers .
Yes ?
I'm afraid there aren't any left at the moment . Gan you wait just a little while ?
I'll bring you one as soon as I find one available .
This hotel has no full-size pool , but we do have swim stations in our gym .
You swim in a swim station just like you run on a treadmill .
The swim stations are available to all guests for no charge .
They're available anytime between 7 a . m . and 10 p . m . , seven days a week .
The swim stations are very popular , sir . I hope you don't find a line down there .
That was a cake walk.It ’ s nothing to speak of .
It should be 3
That's right . Welcome to Great Britain .
Um . Ten ?
I know , but it wasn ’ t my fault ! I told Jennifer she had to drop me off before ten , but she wouldn ’ t leave the party !
Mom ! That is so unfair !
What ! For being a couple of hours late ? You have to be kidding !
Yeah ! Do all these people work in the company ? Everyone and their dog is here !
Can we just sit wherever we want ?
Hmm . We don't exactly have the best seats in the house , do we ?
Www ! That weirdo ? ! He really gives me the creeps !
I just hope he doesn't start bragging again !
Me , either ! Who decides how much money we get ?
Actually , I did have a question . We'd like to know what you had in mind for the budget on this project . We are hoping to put together a really competitive bid . But at the same time , we'd like to hit your target price , too .
Do you have any price range ? Is there any way you can give me any idea of what direction to go or how high is too high ?
Well , I love it . The room is special and clean with big windows and a lot of sunshine . There are plants along the corridor . Especially , I got my own desk with computer and telephone . Such a great place !
What was so bad about it ?
Sounds bad ! Lucky you ! You didn ’ t take that job . I think a good office environment is also important to work efficiently .
Oh , hi , Leo . Sure , what ’ s up ?
But I ’ m not in there very often . It ’ s so noisy that I can ’ t work .
Has anybody spoken to him about it ?
We really can ’ t ask him to stop having students come in for help , can we ?
How about recommending him to use the storage room down the hall ?
With the cabinets taken out , it might be bigger than it looks .
Let's rock n ' roll .
I know , I know . OK , so I have to separate the colors from the whites and put them in this strange looking contraption so called washing machine .
So complicated ! Ok , what about this red wine stain ? How do I get it out ?
Cool . Then I can just throw everything in the dryer for an hour and it ’ s all set right ?
You know what ? I ’ ll just have everything dry cleaned .
You have a warrant out for your arrest .
My computer shows that you have a bench warrant .
You apparently missed a court appearance .
There's nothing I can do about that .
That's life .
Anything you say can and will be used against you in a court of law .
Don't you think it's a bit bright ?
That dress looks lovely on you , but it's not very practical , is it ?
I like the jeans , but you need something to go with the top . It's too plain on its own .
That might be going overboard a bit . How about just that scarf with a bracelet ?
Thanks . You'd be OK on your own . There are loads of fashion victims out there , and you are not one of them . Have you tried it on yet ?
That looks great . Just one more thing-you need some high heels with those jeans . Do you want a pair with a plain pattern or ones with a leopard print on them ?
Cindy ’ s husband is Ron .
They have two children-one son and one daughter-as well as one daughter-in-law and one son-in-law .
Yes , they have three grandchildren-one girl and two boys .
Yes , she gets along with them quite well .
Their family is very similar to Cindy and Ron ’ s family .
They are responsibility , skill , patience , quietness , and so on .
Aspirin .
Certainly . Can I have the name please ?
Ok , Are you checking out tomorrow ?
Will you need a wake up call , sir ?
Ok then , your room is 502 on the fifth floor . Breakfast is served between 6.30 am and 9am . Enjoy your stay .
No , he's not . May I take a message ?
Yes , what's your name ?
It's a little embarrassing really ; you see I think I've got a counterfeit note .
No , I don't . Usually I'm very careful about checking the money I'm given , but for some reason this one slipped through .
I understand . To be honest , I'll be glad to get rid of it if it is a fake .
So do I !
No , it's too expensive for me . I've decided to take some exercises on my own .
Run around the track . In the morning I run for an hour , and in the afternoon I run around the building .
I hope so . Would you like to join me ?
You said it.No one can match Shakespeare in artistic talent .
My tooth is killing me !
It just started hurting me last night .
I think one of my fillings might be coming loose .
I have an electric toothbrush .
Oh yeah , when I do that , it hurts a lot more !
well , first of all , it ’ s much bigger . It has the same number of rooms , but each room is larger . We also have a larger garden , which our dog loves , of course !
yes . One bedroom is for my wife and i . there ’ s another for our daughter . My wife wants to use the third one as a guest room , but I ’ d like to make it into a study . Our daughter is also keen on
that ’ s one of the main reason we chose that particular house . The kitchen and dining room are together . It ’ s really large .
yes , they are . That ’ s very important to us . We like to live in a home with plenty of natural light . Each room has large windows .
no , we don ’ t . we wish we had one . That ’ s the only thing we wanted , but don ’ t have . The area is very nice and the neighbours seem friendly .
it ’ s a very quiet neighbourhood . There ’ s some traffic , but not much . It ’ s not very difficult to get to the city centre , but you must remember to turn left and right at the right places or yo
Well , I ’ ll be glad to help you out . We can deliver what you need to your office .
We definitely need some new filing cabinets and at least one desk unit .
You'll find the cereal by the breakfast foods .
They're over by the oatmeal and the breakfast bars .
Can I help you with anything else ?
You'll find that by the paper towels .
That's where it'll be .
If you need anything else , please feel free to ask me
I'm in a bit of a hurry , Miss Liu . Can you wait for a minute ?
All right . What's the problem ?
I'm sorry to hear that . Take good care of your husband . I'll find another one to replace you .
Wait a moment . It's $ 30 .
OK , one with the apple pie pays $ 18 and the other $ 12 .
Which dish do you like most ?
Actually , it's the dish recommended by this restaurant specially .
Good afternoon , sir . Welcome to our hotel.What kind of room would you like , sir ?
I haven't taken it yet .
I study every night .
Does it cost money ?
Does the test cover everything in the manual ?
Did you pass the test your first try ?
Wish me luck .
Good evening , Mr . Smith , What can I do for you ?
Yes , Mr . Smith , when would you like us to call you tomorrow morning ?
That's right .
OK . Good night , Mr . Smith , Have a good sleep .
Certainly , Mr . Emory . What can I do for you ?
Sure . Let me look over them and I ’ ll bring them back this afternoon .
It's your blood pressure , I'm afraid . It's far too high .
Overwork-amongst other things . You can't work 24 hours a day . You ' Ve got to slow down .
You've got to , I'm afraid . And look at this . You weigh 200 stones . That's too much for a man of your size .
Yes . You've got to cut down on bread and potatoes and take more exercise .
Yes , please . That would be a great help . Are you sure you don ’ t mind ?
Thank you very much .
No , there ’ s no need .
No , don ’ t bother . It ’ s all right as it is .
Yes . I ’ Ve been getting harassing calls recently . Can I have my phone number changed ?
How about 560 436 4040 .
How about 560-436-8976 ?
As soon as possible . Can I have it right now ?
Thanks .
Yes , I'd like to change these dollars , please ?
In fifty yuan bills , please ?
Good morning .
Just take a little off on the top and shorten the back . But please don't make it too short .
Just to the bottom of my ears . By the way , I'd like a shave , too .
How much is it ?
Here you are . Thank you and goodbye .
Would you like me to leave the samples with you ?
Fine , Mr . Grant . Thanks for your time .
We're on our own tonight . Dad's taking mom out .
You know , on a date . They're going to dinner .
Yep . They said they're reviving an old tradition .
That's right , once a week . Do you want to order a Pizza ?
I was told about it already . I'm just waiting for my invitation .
I believe that she will give me the invitation today .
Yeah , it sounds like it's going to be the best party of the year .
When exactly does the party start ?
Has she given out a lot of invitations yet ?
I'm planning on going , but I really need her to give me my invitation .
yes . He ’ s in hospital with a bad back . One morning , he just couldn ’ t get out of bed.His wife called an ambulance and they took him to hospital . He ’ s been there for a few days now .
you have to be very careful with seafood . It tastes lovely , but it often causes upset stomachs . Have you heard anything from tom ?
he might be allergic to pollen . My niece is allergic to pollen . It seems like she has a cold , but in fact it ’ s her allergy .
it ’ s nice that she ’ s back for a while . Thinking of all these ailments , I got a splinter the other day . It took a long time for me to get it out of my skin . Look .
that ’ s a good idea . You ’ Ve got a nasty bruise on your hand .
Certainly . How much will you be exchanging today ?
That ’ s a hefty amount . But that should have no problem at all . You should be aware that there is a ten-percent service charge , though .
Wait a minute ... do you have an account with us ?
For members , there is a small transaction charge , but it ’ s only 5 dollars per transaction . Any particular denomination ?
Here you are Mr . Lee . Will there be anything else ?
Excellent . As soon as we landed , we boarded a bus to Disneyland . I love Mickey Mouse . Janet and I spent the entire first day going on all of the rides .
I felt fine . I must have been too excited to notice .
It's our anniversary today . I am looking for the same flowers as the ones in her wedding bouquet .
White .
They are short , I guess . About the same height as those short flowers over there .
No , they look like little bells .
Oh , that's too bad .
Ok . How many do you suggest ?
Yes , they are .
Good morning . Can I use my cellular phone during this time ?
Thank you . What should I do if I want to phone my family during the flight ?
So I can use the onboard phone during the flight ?
Well , all right . There are four points you should keep in mind when you file documents , information and other things .
They are , keep the documents in chronological order , remove all the chips and pins , punch the documents evenly and place them in the folder .
You should always remember that one customer on file is the rule .
I'd like to begin to work any time you want .
No problem . See you next Monday .
OK !
Thanks !
It's comfortable , but now I'm a little tired .
Thank you ! I lived there when I came to Beijing last time . It's comfortable and beautiful .
Thank you ! I will . When and where will the dinner be ?
Oh , that's nice . Thank you for arranging all of this .
Yes , we are visiting the exhibition this afternoon , and look around Beijing city , wouldn't we ?
It's industrial exhibition , in origin show the results of new industrial products in the city . a lot of products there to meet the needs of home and export
Yes.take the oil industry for instance.you know there are twenty oil resources in China.you can see many chemical products in the exhibition.such as chemical fabrics as I dress .
There are chemical materials , medicines , rubber , plastics and so on , many products and meet the domestic markets , we are also trying to meet international markets .
Textile is a traditional industry , which has completely catalogue , and solid basis and has developed in the past few years.the export is great , counting more than 25 % of export products
That's good . I think they must like them.in recently years , light industry have be developing in Standley , and place a credible role in our industry sister.these industry including leather , bikes , household electric products , clocks , sporting goods and so on.many of them are very popular at home and abroad .
No problem , this street is nearly built along the both sides of this street.there is stores , restaurant follow the style of tradition chinese building , the guest come there taste very traditional favorite dishes .
Yeah . I hate spending all day in there , too .
We need milk , eggs , butter , coffee , vegetables , fruit , bread , cheese , and some snacks .
Anything else ?
No , you get those . I ’ ll go and get the fruits , vegetables , milk , butter , and eggs , you get the rest .
Yes , the pain comes more intense when the weather is bad . And the pain comes more intense when I walk too much .
Yes , I have .
Yes , it does . Just like a needle prick . Besides , the place that hurts often feels cold , too .
Yes , I do .
By the way , does acupuncture hurt ?
Yes.Let ' s start today .
We got a problem . The deposit boxes are all full . We should have come earlier .
Did you ? I didn't hear you . It was too noisy .
They say we can't . They don't look after customers ' stuff .
OK , it's my fault . I'll stay here and look after our stuff . You can get in , shopping with Daniel and May .
Hey , don't forget to buy a suit for me .
Black , of course .
Mom , can I have some ice cream ?
Mom , can I have one more piece of cake ?
Of course ! Will you ?
Are you serious ?
Voting is easy .
The ballot gives you all that information .
You have nothing to worry about .
Good luck on your first election .
I think the style is a little old-fashioned . It's not what I want .
Oh , yes . That's just the one I want . I will take it .
No . I'm still working on it .
Give me one more day .
Yeah sure , it's much quicker . Do you know how ?
Ok , not a problem . Let's go to the station .
Yeah .
Where is that ?
Oh , that's simple enough .
Anything else I should know ?
Sure . Here is the mirror .
What about this one ? It's natural ingredients .
I've noticed you've been working overtime a lot .
Morning . What would you like for breakfast ?
Come on . We are going to be late .
Milk ?
I want to save some US dollars into my account .
Yes , that's what my husband advised me to do . But I'm not sure how long I should save for .
Mmmm ... 2 years does seem like a long time . How about the interest if I save for 6 months ?
That sounds fine to me . Yes , I think 6 months is the way to go .
Let's take a cab .
I'm afraid he is not in at the moment .
I suppose he won't come back until 6 p . m . By the way , do you want to call later , or would you like to leave a message ?
Okay , I'll do that .
You're welcome , bye !
Yes . When do you start severing dinner ?
Well , that's fine . So I don't think it necessary for us to make a reservation . We will be there at 9:30 .
Can we have two a joining double room , sir ?
I ’ m afraid not .
We prefer they are on same floor because we have a problem check late that night .
what ’ s it like ?
That ’ s great . How much is it ?
That ’ s fine .
Alright . thanks .
Do you take traveller ’ s check ?
OK . Have you seen the samples ?
I'm glad to hear that . We are trying to give you a favourable one .
150 yuan for each piece .
How about 130 yuan ?
That's too little . Well , I'll come down to 120 yuan .
If you order more than 10,000 pieces , we can accept 115 yuan for each one .
Very good . It's a pleasure to do business with you , Mrs . Phoebe .
Yes , I am .
I have been married for three years .
There are three people in my family .
My wife , my daughter and I .
Oh , all right . I lost a bunch of money in the last two years , but this year has been pretty good .
Just goes to show that you should buy companies , not ideas .
Yeah , me too . Did you hear about Frank ?
He lost his kids ' college money day trading .
That's a lot to sell with very low profit margins .
OK . 17 % the first six months , 14 % for the second .
We'd like you to execute the first order by the 31 st .
Right . We couldn't handle much larger shipments .
I can agree to that . Well , if there's nothing else , I think we've settled everything .
Good morning .
Yes . I'd like your breakfast special , please .
Soft-boiled , please .
Yes , I'd like to check in , please . M y name is Peter Wang . I have a reservation for three nights .
Yes , I'm with my wife and child .
Certainly.How do you like to have it made ?
You may rest assured .
By the end of next week .
I'm here for a facial . I made an appointment over the phone for 3:30 today .
Addison .
Which would you recommend ?
What does it include ?
Does it include a facial mask and a massage ?
Will you exfoliate the skin as well ?
That sounds great . I'll have that one then .
Thank you for meeting me here .
I need to speak with you about your daughter .
I enjoy having your daughter in my class .
She is a great addition to my class .
She is always behaving herself , and she's so smart .
I'm more than happy having her in my class .
Our country is a free trade nation . She was mainly agriculture and rather a backward country and mow has developed into a modern highly industrialized state with an expanding economy . Parallel to this , her dependence upon foreign trade has increased . Increased output generates a greater need for raw materials , semi-finished products and capital goods . Thus . in many fields , our country is an important and growing market for exporters from other countries . But this doesn't mean that our country is an easy market , because of a liberal import policy and the high standard in our market is keen .
The price factor can be a useful instrument for exporters when trying to place their products in industrialized countries . Of course , marketing goods abroad is not only a question of price . There are also other important factors such as design , quality of goods , terms of sale , transport and insurance .
Well , I am a little bit out of shape . I think I should get some exercise to keep fit . what kind of service do you offer ?
How can you get that done ?
What else ?
Sounds pretty good . How much do you charge ?
Perhaps one month . I'll just have a try at first .
OK , I'll take it .
Don't worry , but my clothes are made of leathers .
Thank you for your warning .
Be careful of yourself .
Yes , I think so.Flight KL638 is still at the airport due to the hurricane .
Well if so.you should contact with the office over there.Maybe they will do you some help .
I would like to buy a new fridge .
I was looking at this Kenmore refrigerator .
What's so great about it ?
What appliances ?
May I see the inside for myself ?
Wow ! You're right ! This refrigerator is great . I'll take it .
In just three weeks , and I am excited . But there are still a few things I need to do before I go .
Like renewing my passport , going to the travel agency to buy my plane ticket and figuring out what to do with my apartment while I ’ m gone .
No way . I ’ ll never find another apartment around here . But I don ’ t like the idea of paying three months ’ rent on an empty apartment , either .
Yes , but whom to ?
That ’ s exactly when I ’ ll be away . It sounds ideal , as long as the landlord agrees .
Well , thanks , Bill . Let me know what happens . That extra money will really come in handy .
For my part , xiangqi . Maybe it's because my girlfriend is Chinese .
Quite right . And unlike the soldiers in xiangqi , the pawns in chess can promote once they reach the furthest rank . It is very agreeable to grant merits to people with good performance .
Yeah , and though the king in chess doesn't have bodyguards , he has a queen who is the most powerful piece . I think this demonstrates the relatively higher social status of aristocratic women in medieval Europe than in China .
You mean , xiangqi pieces are allowed a larger space in which to move around ?
Wow , that would be very convenient . How much is the rent ?
That definitely sounds like a steal . I think that is a very trendy neighborhood as well .
Certainly .
It's a tax levy by the goveroverment on goods imported into that country .
Tariff provides the government with extra tax revenue .
Tariff raises the price at which the goods are sold in the importing country and therefore makes them less competitive with locally produced goods .
Do not mention it .
OK , Mr . Smith . When will you arrive ?
Party of two ?
All right , Mr . Smith . I will arrange a table for 5 at 12:00 for you .
Great . I have long been looking forward to there .
I can't help shopping there .
I see.That ’ s all right . Don ’ t put the blame on yourself .
Actually , I haven ’ t been sleeping well . I am kind of out of it .
I go to bed , but I just can ’ t get comfortable enough to stay asleep .
I usually try to go to bed around 11
My mother is ill with cancer , and I think about her a lot .
I usually watch a lot of television before I go to bed . Maybe I should try something else to help me quiet down .
What's the problem ?
Did you see if all the connections are right ?
The connections between your CPU and your outlet .
If your plugs aren't connected all the way , the computer won't turn on .
Why don't you try it and see what happens ?
Let me know if that doesn't work .
There is a warrant out for your arrest .
You have a bench warrant .
Have you missed a court date ?
I can't help you .
A lot of things aren't fair . That's life .
You have the right to an attorney .
I haven't started yet , but I will .
I'm planning on cleaning it up a little later .
I know . I am still going to clean it up .
I won't forget .
My plans aren't until later , so I'll clean it before I go .
Hold on for a moment . ( a few minutes later ) I have cancelled your reservation.Shall I make another one for you ?
I see . Please call us again for any further reservation.Thanks for calling us .
How long have you had it ?
I think you've got the flu . There's a lot of it about .
Take some medicine and stay in bed for a day or two .
Well , that's an hour's ride.Why not just post your mail here .
I see .
Yes , sir ?
I can understand that . Let me see if I can clarify some things for you .
It ’ s going pretty well , but I ’ m really tired !
It ’ s all right . I don ’ t mind being busy !
Sure , Brian . What ’ s on your mind ?
No , not at all , Brian . This year , we ’ Ve all had to cut back . I ’ m hoping next year ’ s going to better . I hope you can understand .
Here you are .
3 weeks . I am here on tour .
Log on to the website of American Embassy in Beijing and fill in the application forms .
Then make an appointment by telephone and wait for the interview .
It all depends .
About 800 yuan .
You are welcome .
Yes , I am . I'm very interested in that advertisement about hiring a computer program designer , and hope to know a little more about it .
Well , first I would like to know if this position is still available .
Terrific ! Then how should I apply for ?
Thank you very much . Bye-bye .
Would you like to have a taste of Moutan ?
Yes , you con order some typical Chinese dishes . For example , Roast Beijing Duck .
Yes , it is the best of our hotel .
Thank you . Just a moment , please .
No , but this is an emergency ! Please !
OK , OK , fine ! Just open the gate !
Thank god ! A car's leaving . It's my turn !
What did she say ?
What's your plan ?
Right , then you'd better send an E-mail to tell her .
I'd like to make a deposit please , into my granddaughter's account . It's her birthday on Friday .
Yes , right here .
Here ? And here ?
1,000 RIB .
It's an important birthday .
Good morning . Thank you .
Yes . I have written for several top newspapers in the country . I ’ m also in the process of writing my first novel .
Yes , of course . Do you want to join the day tour or the night tour ?
$ 20 .
Of course . You will have the local specialties .
Things are going fairly well . How about you ?
I am looking for a job myself . What were you thinking of doing next ?
Have you gotten any interviews yet ?
Have you thought about the electrician program over there ?
I think we should go over there and see if we can apply for that program .
Yes , I'll have a steak , please .
Rare , please .
Coffee , please .
I agree , but the maintenance team is fully stretched dealing with problems . We don't have time to carry out any preventive maintenance .
Good afternoon . Can I help you ?
Certainly .
Two yuan , please .
Wait a moment . It seems that your letter is overweight . Let me weight it .
I'm afraid it is . So you will have to pay two yuan extra . The total charge is four yuan .
Here are the stamps and your receipt .
You can keep it until the addressee tells you that the letter has been delivered . It is the proof that you sent the letter if it fails to arrive .
Not at all .
Yes ?
Yes , it is .
Good heavens , am I really ? I'm so sorry , I didn't notice .
I see .
Yes , I ’ m enquiring about your advertisement for a sales manager in today ’ s newspaper . Is this position still open ?
Yes , I have a lot of previous experiences in sales . I worked in sales departments for two companies since I finished my university .
Yes , my name is Brian and my phone number is 5294870 .
Certainly . When do you want to travel ?
Ok , no problem . What class of service would you like - soft sleeper or hard sleeper ?
The soft sleeper costs 600RMB one way and the hard sleeper is 400RMB one way .
Yes , I'd like a hamburger , please .
No . Don't put mustard in it .
Sprite with ice , please .
Thank you .
Hello , Finn . I did a wonderful job and I was employed . How about you ?
Why ? You are so excellent . I think you are the most suitable person for the job .
What ? Then what did you do ?
You are so careless . You know they are the basic rules you should follow before you attend an interview . Do remember not to smoke any more , otherwise , you can ’ t find a job .
Good luck next time .
No , who won ?
What ? You can ’ t be serious !
Why would anyone vote for McCain ?
That ’ s horrible .
More bad news ?
Are you serious this time ? That ’ s wonderful news .
Good morning .
To the airport please .
Thank you . How much is it ?
Here's ten pounds . Keep the change .
You're welcome , Goodbye !
Yes , I'd like to make reservation for tonight , a table for five , please .
Around 8 .
Frank London . Any chance of a table by the window ?
I'll appreciate it if it could be arranged .
Which credit card was the bill for ?
That bill should have been mailed about two weeks ago .
My computer shows that it has already been mailed .
You should try contacting your post office .
You'll have to prove it was their error ; then you can get an extension .
You are very welcome . Have a good day .
Why don't we go shopping ?
Let's go to Julian Store .
This is James Hong calling from Lincoln Bank .
I'm calling to let you know that the funds for NX567822100007 have arrived .
Well , it's here now . Shall we credit that straight to your account ?
Sorry , he is in the middle of something . Can I take a message ?
Could you please speak in a louder voice ? There may be something wrong with your receiver .
Let me see . Yes , here you are .
No , they won't . They are shrink proof .
You flatter me .
Yes . I have a great team working with me .
Many thanks .
Oh , come on ! I have sixteen items ! Cut me some slack , will ya ?
Plastic . I also have a couple of coupons .
Darn ! Oh , well . I guess it ’ s just not my day . Thanks anyway .
Yeah I got a club card . Here you go .
Debit please . Also , could I get cash back ? Fifty dollars would be great .
Yes , we try to accommodate all needs of our patrons , including fitness .
The gym is just below the lobby . Take the elevator or the stairs . You can't miss it .
No , the gym is free to guests . Take your room key , however , so you can get in .
The gym is open seven days a week , twenty-four hours a day .
Unfortunately , no . If you want a trainer , you'll have to use another gym .
My long-term goal is to become an expert in this field .
In order to achieve that objective . I would work step by step and make further study .
Uh ... yeah . Hi ! Is Susie there ?
Oh . I'm sorry . But is this 321-9987 ?
I am really sorry .
I'm going to England by flight B . E . 987 .
10:00 a . m . When am I supposed to check in ?
Here you are .
Yes .
All right .
How much must I pay ?
Here you are .
Thanks .
I'm a little nervous . I have never flown before .
Let me see . I am sorry we just have sold it out .
I think so.Could I have you name , telephone number ? If we get one , I will call you .
Ordinarily , as soon as you are seated , you put your napkin on your lap .
At a formal dinner , you wait for your hostess to put hers on her lap first .
Oh , really ?
Well , it's a good thing for you .
So you don't think you are fat and need to lose weight ?
junk food is not good for your health . Too much of it will make you fat .
Ok , but junk food has many disadvantages . As junk food contains high amount of oil and fat , you'll feel sleepy , but not be able to concentrate when you have a lot of it .
Let me see . You could exercise more to keep fit .
OK . You have to fill out this form and let me see three identification cards or documents .
Let me see them . Yes , they ’ re OK .
You can deposit an initial amount of five dollars .
Yes . I have been a data entry operator for three years .
I have working knowledge of Windows and Dos.Actually , I'm quite familiar with both Java and C Programming Languages .
I have an ACRE certificate , GRADE 2 .
I'm sorry to say I'm not familiar with processing management information , but I'm sure I could learn quite quickly.It can't be too difficult , and I've got a quick mind . I can handle any problem you give me .
Yes , I do .
Yes , please . Christin .
Yes , please .
No , thank you . I don't like milk in my coffee . I like black coffee .
Yes , I do .
Yes , please .
Yes . I used to come out here with my grandpa as child .
Aren't you happy now ? I hadn't seen the piano when I was a child .
The park is so beautiful . It is a good thing I have taken the camera .
All right . Give me a big smile . Are you ready ? Cheese !
Excuse me , sir . Could you take a photo for us ? Just press this button .
What would you like to change ?
I would be willing to put in a different color carpet if you pay the price difference .
It would cost between 2 and 10 dollars more per square yard .
I would be willing to look at a different color . You need to bring me a sample .
You can have the new carpet and paint by next Monday .
They are made a town nearby . The flower vases are made of porcelain and covered with tiny bamboo sticks .
No . They are not only ornamental , but also useful .
it's hard to say , but i do love foxtrot and waltz .
to tell the truth . i don't like it , it's too noisy .
oh , it's really beautiful . but i just can't dance it well .
ok .
I certainly have the will but I wonder if I've found the way .
Let me say something about the falling Australian Dollar . We're both hurt by the rising U . S . Dollar . We will have to pay more Renminbi for U . S . Dollar to buy wool from you .
Do you ? Then you can see that we have one wish that is to conclude this transaction in a way that will satisfy both sides . What can you do to help ?
All right . I accept this reduced offer at $ 98 per metric ton FOB stowed . The other terms and conditions shall remain the same as those in the previous agreement . Now will you draft the agreement or shall I ?
Ok . Then well bring it over to you tomorrow morning . You'll sign it first , so it will only need my signature . Is that agreeable to you ?
Good . Let's shake hands on this successful transaction .
Here you are . We've ironed them for you already . Please check and see if there is any damage .
I'm terribly sorry . You know we are so busy today and we forget to sew the button back on . Please wait a moment . It will be ready soon .
Would you like to have a look ? Is it to your satisfaction ?
It doesn't seem like that . Sorry , sir , we've tried everything , but we're not able to get it off the shirt . It was from the sugar I think .
Yes , the sugar was burnt during the dry-cleaning process . And there you go .
I am awfully sorry . Please tell us about the stains before the dry-cleaning next time .
This is a membership card . You can get a 20 percent discount next time .
Hope to see you again . We will provide the best service .
Certainly . What time would you like us to call you ?
Not a problem . We'll call you tomorrow morning at 7 , and again at 7 fifteen .
Said , and done . Will there be anything else ?
Well , give us a call if there's anything more we can help you with .
Sure . What is it ?
You should telephone the garage for help .
With pleasure . Get in .
How can I help you ?
Will that be all , sir ?
I will have someone bring that up right away . How would like to pay for the dinner ?
All right , sir . You would receive dinner in about 15 minutes .
Well , well , Mike.Fancy meeting you here .
Yes , I haven't seen you for four years.How time flies !
Thanks .
Well , I'm looking for a job .
What kind of information do you want ?
Wilson .
Steven Michael .
Yes , It's Henrylee@yahoo.com .
Twenty-one .
In California .
I'm single .
I was an office boy .
Yes . This is Barbara in room 209 . I ’ d like to order breakfast , please .
Two slices of whole wheat bread and one cup of coffee .
Thank you .
Oh , yes , Mrs.Saxton . Please take a seat here .
Would you like a shampoo first ?
Yeah . A lot of my customers love it . ( after shampooing ) Do you want a permanent wave or a cold wave ?
Sure . We just got some . They're upto-date .
No problem .
What ?
Yes . We need some . How much did you change ?
Yes , it's about 35 pesos for every Taiwan dollar , right ?
What do you mean ?
Why ?
Sixty ? That's too much . How can that be ?
Just two days ago it was 35 . How can it be 60 ?
That's amazing ! Really ? How could it change so much in two days ?
You'll never lose weight if you listen to your stomach .
You want to be beautiful , don't you ? Think about the butter and flour in ...
Most models only eat once a day . If they can do it , so can we .
I think you're hallucinating ! What are you talking about ?
And your point is ?
I agree with you , but I think people are pretty bad , too .
People are always gossiping about one another .
We can be so critical of one another .
Is this about the Sales Assistant position ?
Mr wilson is on the line right now . Please have a seat . He'll be right with you .
Can I get you something , coffee , tea ?
yes , but I have a few questions for you .
first , I ’ d like to know if you offer employees sick leave .
even if I ’ m only sick for one day ?
that ’ s pretty strict , if you ask me .
I see . I guess that makes sense .
yes . Maternity leave is mentioned in the contract , but there ’ s nothing in the contract alout paternity leave . Do you offer anything to fathers ?
how many days of paternity leave do you offer ?
why are women allowed so much more time for maternity leave ?
I guess so . I don ’ t have any other questions . Should I sign here then ?
This all looks good ! I think we know what we want .
I am dieting , so could the chef prepare the food with no extra sauce ?
Could you tell me if there are any entrees that are vegetarian ?
I am going to go with the grilled shrimp with garlic sauce . I would like the garlic sauce on the side .
You can serve our salads with our dinner .
Yeah , this dress is really nice ! How much is it ?
One hundred and fifty dollars ? What about this other one over here ?
Hmm ... that ’ s a bit out of my price range . Can you give me a better deal ?
Well , I don ’ t know . I think I ’ ll shop around .
That ’ s still more than I wanted to spend . What if I take both dresses ?
I don ’ t know ... It ’ s still a bit pricey ... Thanks anyway .
Great ! You ’ Ve got a deal !
It should take us back up to Altadena .
I'm not really sure if it does or not .
I've never taken this bus , but I think it's the right one .
That's true , and we have been on this bus for a while .
Yikes ! Temple City .
My bad , but at least we know the right bus to take us back .
Yes , I wanna go to America for my vacation .
Sounds good . Are there any group tours I can go with ?
Great . So how long is the trip ?
Fine . I happen to have 20 days for holiday , so exciting ! How many places will be visited and what are they ? Where will be staying and how about the food there ?
Well , cool . What's the price for this trip ?
Well . 40,000 RIB that's really a lot of money . I will have to think about it .
Is it Thursday ? I mean if I let the chance slide ...
Well . Ok , I will take it .
They arrested me without probable cause .
They had no reason for arresting me .
Yes , the next morning .
Yes , they did .
I matched the description of a bank robber they were looking for .
I want justice .
Yes .
Sure , what kind of shoe are you looking for ? We ’ Ve got strappy sandals , sleek high heels , edgy pumps , or if you ’ re looking for something a little more practical , we ’ Ve got Mary Janes , ballerinas .
Ok , right this way . What color did you have in mind ?
Of course . We ’ Ve got this style here that is very popular . Because it ’ s an open-toe shoe , you can wear it any time of the year . They look great on everyone .
OK , these are a very nice pair of leather shoes with a two-inch heel so they are very comfortable .
What size ?
Here we are . How does it fit ?
Have a nice day , Ma ’ am .
I'd like to have my hair cut .
You look so busy .
Short on both sides . Not so much in the middle .
Yes . You are right .
About two months .
Where are you heading now ?
Is that the university next to the Teachers ' College ?
You mean we'll share the taxi ?
Well . Don't worry about it , I will be happy to share the taxi with you .
Yes , please . I've been here for nearly two months , but I still haven ’ t found a job . Do you think you can find one for me ?
What ’ s this form for ?
That's great . But how long do I have to wait ?
Oh , dear . How can I wait for such a long time ?
Then , what do you think I should do ?
I see . Thank you very much for your advice . Bye .
I'm doing great . What about you ?
Everything's been good with you ?
I started school recently .
I'm going to PCC .
I like it so far . My classes are pretty good right now .
Thanks a lot .
Great . That will give me time to talk with my staff before I make final decision .
Good news . Thanks for getting things done so quickly .
Oh , and there's one more thing you have to do every hour on the hour , sweets .
Well , you do that when your nose needs blowing . I was talking about a way to make your throat heal faster .
It works better than any medicine , Lily . I'll make you a glass right now , and you'll finish it !
That would be a good shot . Can you take my picture here , dear ? Please try to get the garden in the frame as well .
Thanks . Could you take one more from this angle ?
Now let's have one together .
Let me see ... set the timer first and push the button , oh , come here .
Cheese ...
Yes , but it's blurred and a little dark .
Ok , let's go .
I don't think we can .
By the middle of October , I think .
I understand .
But our factories are fully committed for the third quarter . In fact , many of our clients are placing orders for delivery in the fourth quarter .
I see your point . However , we have done more business this year than any of the previous years . I am very sorry to say that we cannot advance the time of delivery .
You may take it from me that the last thing we want to do is to disappoint an old customer like you . But the fact remains that our manufacturers have a heavy backlog on their hands .
All right . We'll get in touch with our producers and see what they have to say .
I'd like to open an account .
Actually , I'd like to open one of each , if that's possible .
What are my choices ?
Yes . I am looking for a pair of gloves .
Excuse me , but I want a pair of mittens .
Yeah.What a surprise !
Fine.thanks .
What do you mean , Mom ? For breaking your best china ?
Well , it's more like she kept me busy ...
Am I back in your good books ?
I usually go to the supermarket , near the station .
I think they are quite reasonable , and the vegetables are very fresh .
Only 2 dollars and 25 cents .
It was alright . I ran into Bill and we got to talking for a while.He ’ s in a bit of a jam .
Well , his son had an accident and Bill doesn ’ t have health insurance . This really got me thinking , and I wondered if we shouldn ’ t look into a couple of different HMO ’ s .
Exactly ! I searched on the web and found a couple of HMO ’ s with low co-pays and good coverage . The deductibles are low , too .
Well , we don ’ t have any pre-existing illnesses or conditions , so we should be fine .
Not in a million years !
Not at all .
Someone just robbed me .
This guy just robbed me right on the street .
I'm okay . He just stole my things .
I have to file a report at the police station .
I would like that .
My phone has got lot of static .
About five years old .
Sure , where is your office ?
When are you available ?
Alright , I'll bring it in this afternoon .
No , ma'am , there's only one person ahead of you . You won't have to wait long .
All right , madam , it's your turn . What will it be today ?
Come here , please . We'd like to wash your hair first . That way it will be easier to cut and style . I think you'll like this style . It's very fashionable .
Would you like me to blow-dry your hair ?
What do you think of it ?
Not at all . When you wash it , it will fall into place naturally . You'll probably need another cut in about a month . Shall I make an appointment for you ?
Yes , I just forgot where the bed linens department is .
Thank you .
Yes , this is a very popular car .
The car is beautiful , isn't it ? Come on inside and we'll discuss the price .
50000 yuan ' What a deal ! That will , of course , include tax , licence , and registration fee .
Then what price would be fair to you ?
I can see that you are a smart buyer . Forty thousand is my best price .
38000yuan is my final offer .
Well , we could eat in more . That $ 300 for entertainment is mostly going to restaurants .
No , I need my books .
Well , what about the $ 50 you spent on a shirt ? You could ’ Ve gotten something for less .
All right . That sounds fair .
I wanted to go , but I couldn't .
It's too bad that I couldn't make it . Who won ?
I really wish I went to the game .
So tell me the final score .
It must've been a close game .
Hopefully , I'll make it to the next one .
Hmm . I ’ m pretty booked up this week . Let ’ s move it up to next week .
Let me take a look . All right , that ’ s no problem . See you then .
So soon . It seems as if you just got here .
It certainly has been a pleasure seeing you again and renewing old memories .
It was fun for me , too.It gave me a chance to get away from my routine and do something a little different .
Oh , yes . I should be there sometime next spring .
I think our smoked fish will be to your taste .
Yes , I need to order a large number of Webster's dictionaries .
Is there a discount for buying in large quantity ?
Take me to the airport , please .
I have to be there before 17 00 .
There's an extra ten in it for you if you can get me there on time .
( After arriving on time ) Here's twenty dollars .
No . If you can't break it , keep the change . But can you give me a receipt ?
True . When I tell my kids to behaves themselves , they will make a face and slip away .
OK , thank you .
That'd be nice .
Oh , you are so efficient . I thought you might give it to me tomorrow . Thanks .
This is encouraging news , good for you ! What is your solution , then ?
Sounds not bad ! Better performance isn ’ t just about doing a lot more . It is about focusing on the right things to do .
So you have to open all the envelopes .
Do you need to file copies of the letters before sending them ?
Do you want to send it by airmail or by surface mail ?
About five weeks .
Just a moment . I'll weigh it .
It's a portable TV . It's a popular thing now .
News about current affairs , documentaries , music , movies , noncommercial ads and so on .
Yes , there are something good and informative . I think that many people underestimate the value of TV in education .
Of course . Because the TV stations need to make money from commercials between the programs .
Not always . It depends on the transmission of the satellite signals .
Yes , 50 Yuan per month .
Yeah . You know driving is boring . TV can get me out of the fatigue of driving .
That's the point .
Hello , this is Mr . Morris Pitt . I'd like to speak to Mr . Bell , please .
Please have him call me at my office . He knows the number .
What is it ?
Let ’ s see ... “ Wanted
What about my resume ?
Thanks , Mary . You ’ re a real pal . I ’ ll call now to set up an interview .
Not yet , can you recommend me some chickens ?
Please bring me the chicken chops .
Yes , here you are .
I'm the general manager of the Far-East Industry Corporation .
Yes , I have been invited by the East Import & Export Corporation of China for business talks .
Yes , I have some foreign currency to declare .
All right .
Sure . What's up ?
I would like to open another account .
I want to open a savings account .
Yes , I do .
That would be great .
I want to transfer $ 100 .
All right . Thanks .
Er , let me see . Oh , look , you're right here . Pretty close to the Olympic Park .
Is this your first time here ? Where are you going ?
Oh , there are many Chinese antique stores . They get paintings , too . Do you get interested in them ?
Wow , it is quite far away from here . I'm afraid you're gonna have to take Bus No . 713 .
Two . French and Spanish .
Well , French was my best subject at school . I can read and write it pretty well .
Well , it's not as good as my French . I can speak it reasonably well , but my written Spanish isn't very good .
In that case , I'm fit for the position I think .
That's right . I can already see the Palace Garden on the left .
The bus is turning right to Buckingham Gate . And now we are joining Victoria Street .
I can see it . The bus is stopping . I think we will be able to go inside .
I guess we should see Big Ben soon .
Look at this bridge . We will soon be crossing the Thames .
Wonderful .
The Queen Street , I guess .
I ’ m afraid you ’ re going in the opposite direction .
Yeah.There ' s an express that leaves in twenty minutes .
Sure .
Go to window number eleven .
Yes , I'd like to see that pen .
Can I get it duty-free ?
It's not the latest model , is it ?
Son , you just go back to bed , and stop crying wolf .
No , I haven't been registered .
I'm a medical case .
Yes , here you are .
The doctor told me to stay about one month .
Well , when they leave the hospital , give me a call and I'll come back .
Would you like a savings or a chequing account ?
Right.Could you fill out this form please ?
Good thing , we took a taxi .
Hey , look there . It is an advertisement of the piano training class on the billboard . The place is not far from our home .
Your sister is in high school now ; no one plays the piano at home .
Why ? Why not ! The piano is right there .
Anyway , I will have a look at the piano class after work by myself .
But mine equals yours in economy .
Sorry , Tom , can you say that last bit again please ? We didn ’ t get that .
Sorry Tom , We're having problems hearing you here . It ’ s a bit hissy . Can you hear us ?
Hello ?
Tom , if you can hear me , I think we ’ Ve lost you . There ’ s a problem with the line . Let ’ s try again . We ’ ll call you .
Have you made an appointment with this company ?
Yes , it's very important to make an appointment before the interview .
If you go to the company without appointment , the interviewers may happen to be busy with other things , and have no time to give you an interview .
If the interviewers are not in the company , you will go there for nothing .
So you should make an appointment in advance with the company for the interview .
You could directly call the company and arrange the time and place for the interview .
If you succeed in doing that , you must attend the interview on time .
Yes , here is your reservation . You have a standard room reserved for two nights . Is that right ?
Oh , my mistake . The reservation is for a suite and it is a non-smoking room with a king bed . I'm sorry for the error .
Sure , that's no problem . May I have your credit card ? We need a credit card on file for your room charges and incidentals .
Okay , now if you could please verify the room rate here , initial next to the X , and sign right here . How many keys will you need ?
Okay , you're all set . You're in room 1201 . Take the elevators to the 12th floor and it will be on your left . Do you need any help with your bags ?
Enjoy your stay .
Well , there are 2 reasons . First of all , I'm itching to work in a foreign enterprise . Secondly , your branch is a new establishment in Beijing . I think I'll be assigned more workload and responsibilities here .
Yes , of course . The balance sheet contains 3 major sections , that is , assets , liabilities and owner's equity .
Yes . Will you ?
How did you do that ?
Why is that ?
What ’ s the reason for that ?
You can just go to work after you vote .
I get it now .
I ’ m fine . Thank you .
I need to transfer money .
From my savings account .
I would like it transferred to my checking account .
I want to transfer $ 200 .
Yes . That will be all .
Although I am a little shocked , I can deal with it pretty well . I didn't perform as well as I should have in the interview .
OK , thank you , I'll try if there were other chances .
Hello , have a seat . I ’ m Bill Gotcha . I am assuming you found your way here with no trouble ?
I am curious as to why you want to leave your current employer .
Do you feel that you are exceptionally good at anything in particular .
What are you not good at ?
We appreciate hearing that about you !
Yes , we would like to take a tour to L . A .
2 weeks . Can I have a brochure of the sightseeing tours ?
Good evening . We've a reservation for a table for four . My name is Tim .
But there is a change in the number of people . There are seven of us . Three of my friends are coming soon .
Well , it's a window table that we've booked .
Oh , I see . We'll have to make up with the center one .
If a Mr . Wu comes to look for me , just take him here .
There's a 20 percent service charge in this hotel .
That's for the hotel restaurant . You had five meals here .
I want to book a tour with adventure sports .
I don ’ t really think I ’ m ready to throw myself down a river full of jagged rocks in a rubber boat or go up in the air in a wicker basket held up by an oversize balloon . What else do you have ?
What ? You mean strap myself to a flimsy kite ? No , thank you ! Next !
I ’ m thinking something exciting but safer .
That ’ s more like it !
Sure , sweetie.What are you doing ?
OK.Why don't you just hold the ladder , and I'll put it up .
Where to ?
You must have a rich boyfriend because that bag is so expensive !
No kidding ! Then how do you know the bag's real ?
A risk I would never take ...
Right . The people in your math class might not be the people you have science with .
Yep . And the date is set for homecoming night .
It's a football game the school team plays at home . The dance and reunions are usually that night , too .
Yes , I am after some sugar .
Can you show me the way , please ?
But newspapers do get some extra income by offering space for ads .
Well , I just came in . I worked overtime yesterday . Some statistics and very important documents seemed to be inaccurate . So I stayed to double check them . The boss was aware of my very late work of last night . So before he left office , he told me I could come one hour later this morning .
It was around 1 thirty in the morning . I guess I didn ’ t fall asleep till 3 because those numbers were involving in my mind . I just couldn ’ t stop thinking about them .
Working at weekend is something I hate to do most .
This is he . May I help you ?
I ’ m very sorry , Madam . Can you tell me what the problem is over the phone or would you like me to go to your office ?
Yes , I'd like to book a table for four at seven this evening .
Yes . Mike Lee . And put me as close as possible to the stage , please .
You need to get a special application form .
You can go to the Employment Development Office and pick it up .
They will need a record showing who you worked for and when you worked for them .
Be prepared to show a written notice of your termination as proof .
You will receive a notice for a phone interview , which will continue the process .
Then what about you , Miss ?
The vegetarian dishes are at the last pages of the menu .
It depends on your height and body type .
By warming up before and cooling down after your workout .
Well , it's completely changed my life .
Well , before , I was the skinniest guy on the beach .
Just look ! In six short weeks I've put on 30 pounds of pure muscle .
Oh , it is my cell phone ringing . I set it in the vibration mode .
You are right . Some ring tone is just terribly loud . You can hear it even in the next door . It is really a kind of distraction .
Good idea .
Not yet . To tell you the truth , I don't know how to write it . I've considered it for several days .
Don't laugh at me , please . I'm serious . I've never been required to write this kind of report before , I only do the research reports .
So what items must be involved in this report ?
Yeah , is that all ?
That's too complicated .
Oh , my God , is there any fixed for mat for it-the one that I just need to fix my information in ?
But I don't know how to work the Microsoft Words . Could you please give me a hand ?
I watched it happen .
Yes . I was right there .
This guy tried to rob the bank .
I was really scared when he pulled the gun out .
He tried to leave with the money .
They caught him before he could walk through the front door .
Yes . They are over there .
By weight . 6.0 cents per pound .
$ 4.55 , please . Anything else ?
Here you are .
Give me a sec .
I want to have a haircut .
How much is a regular haircut without shampoo ?
And how much for haircut with shampoo ?
Since it is , I need a haircut with shampoo .
SEEK , please .
What hairstyle do you feel will look best on me ?
I have the same idea as you .
You came to the right spot . Come on in and join us !
I am here to show you how to put together the perfect resume . It will turn out great !
We need to put our name and contact information across the top .
You can list your education at the top , or choose your job experience to be there if it is more impressive .
I think that that would work out quite well as an ending for your resume .
Yes . This is Mr . Wang in Room 1305 . Please send up a boy to help me with my luggage .
Well , two big suitcases and two small bags .
No , I think I didn't like your method .
Yes , I have received an Engineer's Qualification Certificate and a driver's license .
I have two years driving experience .
I have experience in computer operation , proficiency in Microsoft Windows , Microsoft Word and Microsoft Excel .
Visual C + + , C and Delphi .
No , but I have database programming experience and network knowledge .
Hello , I'm calling from Beijing . I'd like to reserve a double room with a bath from tonight on for five days , please .
John Smith . J-O-H-N S-M-I-T-H .
What ? You're kidding ! Let me see that ... There must be some mistakes .
Oh , it's a pity .
We're sorry , but single rooms have been occupied .
Then , how about this room with just a shower ?
No , sir.The tax is included .
It's a furnished two bedroom flat in a three-story building on campus .
It's not as bad as I thought it would be . The freshmen that live nearby are really loud , especially on the weekends . But , the rent is much cheaper than private housing , so it's worth it .
No , but we do have to pay 9 months rent in 6 months , so for the first 6 months we pay 1/2 month's rent each month .
No , it's all included . Besides , students don't have to pay council tax , so we're saving quite bit of money by living here .
That's the bad thing---the contract ends in June , so we'll have to find a new apartment soon .
Not yet . I'm hoping we'll be able to find something cheap once all the students leave the city for the summer .
I use several services . Of course , I deposit and withdraw money quite often . I often use my ATM card to take money out of my current account . I use my bank to exchange money from one currency to another . I often travel abroad , you see .
I sometimes use traveller ’ s cheques , but sometimes I travel to countries where they are hard to exchange for cash .
Yes , I do . It save me a lot of time . I also have standing orders for my subscriptions to magazines .
Yes . My bank offers very good terms and conditions on mortgage . There ’ s a lot of competition between banks nowadays . Each one is trying to offer better conditions and services than the others .
I don ’ t have one . I prefer to buy shares . My bank also provides a share trading service . It ’ s cheap and easy to use .
Yes , I've just married .
I have been married for three years .
There are four people in my family .
My husband , my mother-in-law , my daughter and I .
Hi , I'm looking into your loans and I'm a little confused about the interest rates . Could you give me some advice ?
I understand . I'm interested in the Petty Consumer Loan .
So , the rate could fluctuate a little , depending on the amount given by the PBC ?
I'm going to have to do some more research into this . Thanks for your help , bye for now .
We're okay for vegetables but we should stock up on meat . Can you go to the butcher's and get some veal and some beef ?
Better visit the supermarket then . We'll need some other things for the party . Get some vanilla ice cream , some butter and some vinegar and twelve bottles of beer .
I'll see you later then .
I'd like to withdraw 35,000 RIB from my Corporate Account .
Yes , my name is Ms Jane Reeve , R-E-E-V-E .
Here you go .
Oh , how silly of me . Can we correct it here ?
Good afternoon . My name is Monica . I am here for the job interview at 2 PM .
Done . Here is my paper .
What about the 3rd round ?
Actually , you do not need to go into the office to file a claim . You can do it over the phone or the Internet .
That ’ s a good decision . They have many good job search tools there .
The Internet has a list of Employment Development Offices listed online .
Our office is over on Green Street , just west of the college .
Everyone has a one-week waiting period before they can collect .
I'm offering them to you at 150 yuan a piece . Is that all right ?
Yes . Our price can't be matched .
If you buy 1,000 or more , you'll get a 10 % discount .
Yes , I am looking for a coat .
I have no idea .
Well , it's good in style , but I am afraid it doesn't wash well .
Don't tell me it affects our flight .
Did they say for how long ?
So we can't really go anywhere , can we ?
I brought some cards . Are you up for a long game ?
Beauty costs , dear ! What do you think of this dress ? Do you think it suits me ?
come on , you sound like my Mom.Look at that , it's beautiful !
maybe you have a point .
all right . How about this black shirt ? It can be worn for anything---a party , a job interview and even a funeral !
oh ! Hey , look , that's the same shirt Britney wore in her concert .
why not try it on ?
yes .
Well , that is the chart showing our company ’ s organizational structure .
Ok . On the top , Mr . Thomas , the managing director , is responsible for running the company .
Four . They are production department , finance department , sales and marketing department and HR department . I directly report to Mr . White . He is on a business trip and is suppose to be back this morning . Probably you will be meeting him at lunch .
Mr . White , too .
Yes , this way please .
Here you are .
I recommend crisp beef and fried duck .
Do you want any dissert ?
You bet , as long as I can collect enough money .
Aren't you crazy ?
Could you drop me off at the airport ?
Do I need to pay any extra change for my suitcases ?
All right .
Absolutely . I've sorted out all the materials we need and sifted three great ways of marketing .
We can discuss them detailedly over the meeting and choose the best way to promote our key products .
I'm very touched , and I can't help bursting into tears at the wedding .
Mary looks so beautiful in the wedding gown , and I record the moment that I was bride .
Judy , Why are you so interested in her ?
He's terribly handsome .
Why are you so bitter ? No one tells worse joke than you .
First of all , I need to share what the purpose of a home inspection is . Do you understand what I was doing there ?
I help you spot potential problems with the home before you purchase it .
Sellers aren ’ t really all that objective . They may have gotten used to a leaky faucet , but it is still broken .
The owners may wish to pay to have the problems fixed , or maybe the price of the house can be reduced .
The house has a very outdated electrical system . Many of the switches and outlets do not work and are unsafe .
I really love this kind of atmosphere .
There are people everywhere . What's that girl doing ?
And what about that man there ?
I see you have a coffee bar for a water cooler . The staff here must be comfortable . I think it really helps morale when people feel supported by their employees .
Channel Two . A TV series was showing on it . The name of the series is Huanzhu Gene
Generally it's to my appetite . What about you ?
Don't be too critical . So what's your favorite ?
Actually , I received that kind of training when I was in college .
I worked as a PR clerk for one year
Yes , I'd like to know if the company provides opportunities for further education .
That's very generous .
Thank you . I appreciate the time you've given to me .
We have hundreds of constituencies and the votes in each one elect a member of parliament . Most people call them mp ’ s .
Almost all of them do . A few are independent . That means that they do not belong to a party . If one party more than half of the mp ’ s . they form a government . That means that they choose a prime minister can cabinet members .
This is a small group of people-perhaps 25 mp ’ s who are usually ministers . They make all the big decision and discuss laws and policy .
Any mp can present a law to parliament . The proposed law is debated and voted on . If it is accepted , it becomes law .
Yes , it does , because they have most of the mp ’ s . most mp ’ s vote the way their party wants them to .
They produce manifesto . These documents which states their policies . Some people just vote for the same party every time there is an election . Votes who often change the party they vote for are called floating voters .
A cup of coffee , please .
I'd like a little sugar , please .
Why did you ask me if I wanted some ?
Please wait till your name is called .
Here you are .
No , I'll e paying for myself , but I have private medical insurance .
Thanks a lot .
I ’ m a sales manager in a publishing company .
Oh , mostly fiction , lots of romance , science fiction , biography , stuff like that .
About two years now .
I need some stamps .
How much do I need for this letter ?
How much ? Is it overweight ?
How much is it , then ?
OK . Here you are .
not really . I wasn thinking of maybe going to a movie . Do you want to go with me ?
have you heard of Hot Fuzz ?
that's the one . It's an actioncomedy . What do you think ?
what do you have in mind ?
isn't that the chick flick with Kate Hudson and Owen Wilson ?
not really . Do you like biographical / drama films ?
Anne Hathaway is in a new movie called Becoming Jane which is based on a true story about Jane Austen .
it's on at 8: 00 pm at the Phoenix Theatres . I have a membership there , so I can book the tickets ahead of time .
sounds good . I'll see you then !
Right over here , sir . What-size do you wear ?
These here are all mediums .
Shall I gift-wrap them for you , sir ?
Not a lot . What about you ?
That sounds like fun .
I'm sorry . I'm already doing something this Friday .
My family and I are going to dinner .
I'll definitely try to make it the next time .
All right . I'll see you next time .
Yes.We have an excellent service here .
OK .
I will if you tell me how you're so sure that we're going to come out on top .
After what you did , I don't know how hard Elvin's going to work to meet your deadline .
You've got everyone figured out , don't you ?
First , you have had an impressive growth record , ever since the company had been founded for half a century . Second , I can improve myself by working here .
Yes , I get it . Will the medical plan cover me while on duty ?
Yes , I have read . In the contract , I am expected to be available up to two hours past normal working hours . Is that right ?
That's exactly my understanding .
Yes . I'm used to online shopping . It ’ s convenient and time-saving . You can buy anything you want and they will send it to your home or any place you want .
You can get the same product at a much lower price .
You should open an account at the online bank first . After that , you can buy anything online .
Sure . You can find everything all over the world . Let ’ s check it out online !
By amenities , exactly what do you mean , please ?
Okay , I got it . You've already run out of all your amenities ?
I'm more confused now than before . How is there a problem ?
Okay , finally I understand . You would like souvenirs !
If it's souvenirs you want , sir , just visit our souvenir shop . It has everything .
No problem at all , sir . Housekeeping will deliver you all the amenities you like in a bit .
There are many ways ; what kind of job would you like ?
Fine ! Will you need part-time or full-time work ?
Fine , the two best ways are to use our local listings binders over there or you can use the computers with the Internet job listing sites . See them over there ?
Well , in addition , you can schedule an appointment with a job counselor on this list . If you would like to do that , sign here , OK ?
Fine , well the job search tools are all here for you to use . Feel free to look around and use what works best for you . Have fun with it !
Yes . Thank you .
A glass of Qingdao beer .
Will you make some recommendation ?
I am coming to inquire about the information of the company . When was this company established ?
Really ? That is amazing .
Yes , I would like to schedule an appointment for you to come in and talk with me .
No , sometimes the test results aren ’ t clear and we need to do more to get a clearer picture .
I would if I knew anything for sure , but I want to take a second look .
You can come in this afternoon . If you would feel better , bring your husband with you .
Just relax . We will talk about it this afternoon .
Yes . I am going to have a summer vacation . Would you recommend some scenic spots to see ?
Maybe Europe .
Let me have a look at the pamphlet .
Ok ! You know you're always welcome here . Did you enjoy your stay ?
It's our pleasure . And is there anything else we can do for you before you leave here ?
Don't mention it . Oh , This is a small gift for you .
We hope you could visit our company again .
Ok ! We'll definitely go to visit your company .
To the office . I'll be right back .
Hi , Rita , I ’ m just looking for a pair of shoes . I won ’ t be here for long .
That ’ s my problem . I don ’ t have a lot of options .
Well , first of all , I can only go to certain stores that can guarantee me a large selection .
After that I choose something from one of the few brands that I know will fit me . I prefer white , so I ask them to bring me a pair of white sneakers in my size . Since I ’ m usually only given one or two pairs of shoes that meet my qualifications , it makes it a very easy choice .
We'd like to have western food today . Could you tell us something about it ?
Well , it's quite different from the Chinese food .
Well , Mr . Parsons , as I mentioned before I ’ m someone who needs new challenges . I ’ m really focused and hard-working . I think my academic results prove this .
Well , I believe I ’ m a good team-player , but I can also work well independently . I ’ m very enthusiastic and , well I hope my colleagues would agree , I ’ m fun to work with .
Hmm , that ’ s a tough question . But I would have to say my passion . I ’ m really passionate about journalism and passionate about my career .
You should communicate with the interviewer whose company you are interested in , and make a good impression on him or her . In that case , your chance of success will be greater .
You should take a look at all the companies , choose your favorite ones , go over to talk with the interviewer and leave your resume in the end .
No , sir.Can I help you ?
Oh , hop in .
No , I haven't got one . My employment petition hasn't been approved yet .
Ok , I see .
Hi , Daddy . It ’ s me , Troy .
It ’ s nice . I arrived safely .
I ’ m fine . Is everything fine in the family ?
The weather is gorgeous here .
I will . Thank you , Dad .
I love you , too , Dad . Bye .
Sir , according to your file , you spent Monday evening watching ' Titanic . '
Well , this wouldn't be the first time that a file was wrong . Just a moment , please .
Sir , when I deleted the $ 10 , the program automatically added a $ 2 service charge .
Sometimes you can't win for losing , sir .
I don't blame you , sir . Two dollars is a lot of money .
It is true . I think we should change some policies .
Indeed , it's unfair . Households with higher salaries receive larger LPF contributions and thus qualify for larger loans . Lower-income households , on the other hand , can only get smaller loans , or perhaps nothing if they could not afford to purchase any housing .
It's a great pleasure to meet you , Mr . White . I believe you have seen our exhibits in the showroom . What is it that particularly interests you ?
Thank you for your inquiry . Would you tell us what quantity you require so that we can work out the offer ?
Here are our FOB price lists . All the prices in the lists are subject to our confirmation .
As a rule we don't allow any commission . But if the order is sizable one , we will consider it .
We'll discuss this when you place your order with us .
Please I'd like a ticket to New York .
No , early saturday morning .
Nothing earlier ? I prefer flight at 9 thirty .
No , exactly not .
Sounds not good . I won't take it .
Do you know what the weather will be tomorrow ? We are planning to climb the mountain .
I hope so . Thank you .
Let me check . Oh , oh ! It ’ s at 3:25 .
It's at ... gate 14 .
OK , so here's the plan ; When we land , run to gate 14 !
Yes , I was there as an English teacher .
Sure . I was fond of those lovely children
The school is a little bit too far away . I simply want to take good care of my elderly grandfather .
I think it's better for me to meet new challenges in life .
And I can experience another kind of life style .
I hope I can adapt to the new job as soon as possible .
Yes , speaking . Anything I can do for you ?
Where is the interview happening ?
I think we can have a try .
I see . Is this the marvelous landscape in Guiling ?
Which do you prefer , the linen one , the figured dacron or the brocade ?
Certainly . Could you put it on the scales , so I can check the weight ?
That ’ s 850 grams . The coasts depends on how you would like to send it .
That ’ s right . Sending it by airmail will cost twelve dollars and sending it by surface mail will cost eight dollars .
Airmail should take four or five days and surface mail should take about two weeks .
No problem . That ’ s one dollar extra .
There ’ s you receipt . Goodbye .
Yes , a suitcase and carry-on .
Thank you .
I am sorry too . I know we've been talking about this beach trip for a while . I should have told Bob I was busy this weekend .
thanks for understanding .
hey , what if the three of us go to the beach together ? Besides , you and Bob haven't seen each other for a while . I don't want my best friend and my boyfriend to be complete strangers .
I know Bob won't mind . You can bring a date , like that guy from the bar you keep talking about .
well , I think you should come and have some fun . Besides you never know maybe he likes you as well . You should at least try .
Can I get my hair done like his ? His girlfriend has the same hair , and she's white .
What kind of style are you getting done ? Can we match ?
Can I get a relaxer , too ? And why did you say , “ You crazy ” instead of “ You ou're crazy ” ?
I do a forty-hour week . I ’ m on flexi-time . I usually start work at 8 a . m . and finish at 4
Four - plus public holidays . I usually take two weeks off in the summer and the rest at New Year .
Yes , if we're busy . I'm paid double-time if I work at weekends .
Great . Thanks for asking .
I would like to deposit some money .
I want to deposit cash .
I would like to deposit $ 300 .
I want to deposit it into my checking account .
No . That ’ s all . Thank you .
I need to speak with David Lin .
Thank you , I'll try again later .
I am not sure . I don't know that many restaurants around here .
Good . Let's take a look !
I enjoy Thai or Japanese the best .
Oh yes , I've heard of that one . Everyone I've spoken with says that it is great !
I think that that would be a really good choice ! Let's call and make a reservation .
Oh , no . You see I'm in the middle of something . Could he wait ?
All right , all right . He'll get them as soon as possible .
Yes , how much is the teapot ?
I'm afraid I haven't got enough money on me .
What's the time now ?
I want to know at what time you close .
Oh , that's great ! Thank you .
Sure . It's down this street on the left .
No , it's not far .
About a mile and a half .
5 minutes or so .
Yes , it's very close . The subway station is next to the hotel . You can walk there .
Yes , I'll be with you in a minute . Here's your bill , sir . It's 480 yuan altogether .
That's for the wine .
Would you like to put it on your hotel bill ?
Your name and room number , please ?
May I have a look at your room card , Mr . Black ?
I sent my resume to a computer company and am waiting for their call .
Pineapple Computer Company . A secretary is needed there , and it is worth a try . Do you get any information or advertisement for employment ?
But what ? You always act like this , when you face difficulties .
All the fears are nothing . You can make it . There is no other choice for you . Be brave .
It's all or nothing .
What news ?
You know what we will get ?
What docking station ?
Another big step forward in saving on our office equipment , I don ’ t need a desktop anymore . A laptop is enough .
Pierre Cardin .
It look fine.Can I try it on ?
I know what you mean . I fit into my clothes , but I'm not always comfortable .
What do you have in mind ?
I know the one you mean . Do you know how much the memberships are ?
Let's go after work and take a tour of the facilities .
I think there is an accident ahead .
I know . Why don't we take a different route ?
Ok , let's do that , even though we may have to take a longer way .
I like red .
Dad , I want to draw with crayons , can I ?
Yes . I have published some articles in China Daily and Economist .
As a journalist , I have strong communication skills . I am good at both discourse management and strategic competence .
Yes . I'd like this shirt to be dry-cleaned .
I have to wear it this afternoon . Do you have a urgent service ?
OK . How much should I pay ?
It should take us all the way up to Altadena .
I'm not positive if it does or not .
I have never been on this bus , but I'm sure it's the right one .
I know , and we've been on the bus forever .
Oh my gosh , that one says Temple City .
Well , now I know the bus that'll take us back .
Will do .
Ma'am , take your kid to school ?
No problem . Don't worry , the taxi is faster than the bus .
My son is the same . But he always makes an early start in the morning , and enjoys listening to the English programmer Let's talk in English on the way .
OK !
It's 14.5 Yuan .
Thanks , Ma'am .
I see . Well , it's nothing spectacular , but it's pretty cheap for an apartment in a decent neighborhood ... O . K . , I think I'll take it .
I think I'll sign a nine-month lease in case I decide not to go to summer school . I can extend it if I want to stay , can't I ?
Thank you . It was a lot of hard work.But I'm glad I did it .
When will you give me a raise ?
I feel quite embarrassed for having to request a pay raise so quickly .
5 000 yuan per month .
I came here to ask for some information .
I bought a pair of trousers last year , which I like the best . But this year they don ’ t fit me very well . They ’ re tight in the waist , baggy at the knees . Can you make some alterations ?
It seems I find the right place .
When can I have my trousers if I bring it to you tomorrow ?
All right . See you tomorrow .
Oh , no , Nathan , I ... I really think we've bought this flat at the right time , you know . Market prices are going to go up , and I think you'll find in a year or two it will be worth a lot more .
But don't you like this place ? I remember when we came to see it we thought it would be lovely .
Oh , why didn't you say so then ? But I still think we've made a good buy .
I know . But this year I want to get him an interesting tie . Like this one .
It's perfect ! It's a Dilbert tie !
But watch this ... it bends upwards , just like Dilbert's tie . There's a wire inside .
Yes , the food you have just sent here is cool.Would you please heat them up ?
That's fine . Quickly please , we are so hungry .
Yes , I'm looking for a job as a clerk typist in English .
My name is Zhuang Lingy . How are you , Miss Kelly ?
Thank you , Miss Kelly .
I can type 120 words a minute and I take shorthand at 80 words a minute .
Yes , I would .
Yes , I'd like to give it a try .
Hi . Fill it up please . Premium .
Oh , can you check my oil and tires while you're at it ?
OK , it's open .
Oh . Where can I add some air to my tires ?
Good . How much does it come to ?
OK ! What can I do for you , Madam ?
When do you want me to come ?
That's fine . I can make it .
Yes.We have in stock a variety of styles and they are in different colors.What do you think of this one ?
It's made in China . The quality is excellent .
Well , it is hard to say . At least you need to come up with a good reason .
Yes , you should be there . Go find the manager and ask . I think the manager will understand and approve you a day off . Don ’ t forget to fill in the leave application form . It will be signed by the manager for approval .
Yes . Right now I have a studio .
In the downtown , near the square .
Yes , and the rent includes utilities .
What about next saturday .
The notice you received is a 30 - day notice to vacate .
I mentioned to you before that you need to keep up with your rent . This notice to evict is letting you know that I mean business .
You have 30 days to catch up on your rent , or a sheriff will evict you .
You can stay , but you might think about looking for a less expensive living arrangement if you are having trouble making the payments .
Thank you . The payment needs to be in the form of cash or a cashier ’ s check .
Ah ! You're bleeding all over ! What happened ?
Here , use this rag to apply pressure to the cut . Does it hurt ?
You may just need stitches . I think they can handle this at the clinic instead of the ER . Let me make a quick phone call .
Oh , sorry ! I forgot you get queasy with the sight of blood . I'll be right there .
From 9 to 12 a . m . , and 2 to 6 p . m .
Of course , if necessary .
Seldom .
Your quantity sold is beyond the required by more than 30 % .
What's in it , please ?
OK . You may wrap it now . Please fill in this form and label it . ( after a moment ) Would you like it registered ?
Nine dollars and fifty cents .
Here's the receipt .
You're welcome .
Really ? What about your opinion , Daniel ?
I don't really know where I want to go . I am having trouble thinking of a particular restaurant .
OK , we could look at that .
I really like Japanese or Thai food .
Oh yeah ! I saw a review of that restaurant on television . The reviewer loved it !
That would work out great ! Why don't we call and get a reservation ?
That ’ s true . We had an argument yesterday . She blamed me for not preparing the supper that day , but it was her turn to cook the dinner .
Yes .
That wasn ’ t my fault , but she said ' you're a disgrace ' to me . I'm about to explode !
To be honest , I ’ m not , and I regret a little what I have done .
No way . It ’ s her who should apologize .
Hello , is that Miss Smith ?
This is Mr.Gao . How are you ?
Fine . Listen . Are you free on Wednesday night ? I'd like to invite you to dinner .
That's a pity . How about Thursday ?
Great . What time would you like to meet ?
OK , let's say 6
I can pick you up at the gate of your company . Also , what type of food do you like ?
Well , have you heard of Peking Duck ? it's a local specialty .
OK , let's have that then .
See you later , goodbye .
Hiring , firing , training , insurances , benefits , retirement plans , salary , vacation .
But most of time , they provide assistances .
Say if the Engineering Department wants to hire a person , they will request HR to find candidates .
The Engineering Manager and his team will interview the candidates . HR will also be involved with the interview , but basically arranging the schedule and explaining the benefits .
Then the Engineering Manager will choose the candidate .
I ’ m going to put it on this table , Sam .
What are you going to do with it ?
Be careful . Don ’ t drop it ! Don ’ t put it there , Sam . Put it here , on this shelf .
Those flowers are lovely , too .
No trouble . I enjoyed helping you .
OK , no problem . Have you found the blank ones ?
Yes , well put your name on it after you have downloaded it off the company website . OK ?
You fill in the hours and total them for the week . Have you ever used a 24 hour clock ?
So after you noted the hours , starting at zero which is midnight , you just write down the minutes as a dot followed by minutes . Get it ?
Just make sure you show your total , sign it , and turn it in .
You are a quick learner . I don't think you'll have any trouble with this .
In April or early May .
In that case , we will have to improve one month further on the time . Now is Jan . If the fertilizers should be shipped before the end of March , only 2 months are left . The time is too limited .
All right . You can rest assured that we will do everything possible to advance shipment . The fertilizers will be delivered before April .
Yes , what kinds of wine do you have ?
Thank you . Please bring us a bottle of dry white wine .
Happy to meet with you . Now , do you prefer group projects ?
Do you value a steady job more or one that offers a chance to move ahead ?
Could you work for us in another state , if need be ?
How much do you need to make per year ?
Yikes ! Thanks for your interest in this job . We ’ ll be getting back to you .
I think something must be done .
I agree with you . Only in this way can we ease the traffic problems .
Yes , Christine ?
Sure . You just walk down this hallway . The copy room is the second room on the right .
What happened ?
Ben , we ’ re fifteen . What kind of job are you looking for ?
Uh-huh .
Sure . Let's buy it .
Hi Amy . What's up ?
No , sorry . I don't know .
Sure , it's over there .
Across the street .
No problem .
Yes , there's one here . It's in the store .
Bye .
Of course , I ’ Ve enjoyed it very much . I ’ Ve met my old friends and made some new friends .
Sometime next year .
The same to you . Keep in touch .
Well , we just got in some mangoes .
Well , it's a fruit with a big nut in it .
No , you peel off the skin and throw out the nut .
Well , the sale price is $ 1 each .
They're like a citrus fruit .
You can buy them hard . Wait a few days for them to develop a soft feel .
Most of them in this store are from Mexico .
What's the matter ?
Let me see .
No , the damage is minor .
4:00 p . m ..
Very good . I feel quite refreshed now ! You should come with me sometime - exercise is good for you !
I just ran alongside the main road .
Oh ok , I ’ ll try that tomorrow . It ’ ll probably be better than fighting with the traffic ! Go on , why don ’ t you come along ?
Yes , please .
Fine , thank you . Are you coming for the interview as a secretary ? What's your name ?
Nice to meet you , too . Miss Li . please have a seat . I am Peter Smith , the General Manager .
Yes , please . My son wants to go overseas , to England , to do his Master degree . I wondered if you offer any kind of loan that could assist him in doing so ?
I see . What does it entail ? I'm not sure if we will be eligible .
So , we could use it to pay for my son's living expenses , not just his tuition ?
That is good to know . Just think ! We've been worrying about this for weeks and just a short visit here and my mind is at ease . Thank you .
Once in a while .
One of the reasons for our good quality products is because of our quality inspection system , which is the best of its kind .
We have trained analyzers to do quality analysis at the end of each part when we make the product . This means that no mistakes are made .
Certainly . We provide quality analysis training as part of the training for all new workers , plus a week of further training every year .
Yes , are you Mr James ?
That's right .
Of course not . My name is Li Ping . Is this all your baggage ?
Welcome to Hong Kong . I'll go and get the car . Could you please wait a few minutes ?
Fine . Do you want your windshield cleaned ?
It comes to $ 15 .
Yeah . If you are available now , let me describe your work duties , OK ?
As a newcomer , you are going to be responsible for some basic tasks first , including certain routine duties like answering the telephone and typing . Later , you will be assigned to the Sales Department .
For this is your first day in our company , you can begin with our special products . Before you do your job , it's necessary for you to be familiar with our own products . Sort these papers and file them correctly .
I hope so . I'm looking for some material for a paper I'm writing , and I'm not quite sure where to look .
My paper is on the influence of television on children .
Thank you for you help .
It means young girls . That's where you'll find clothes for young girls .
You're small , but you're not a child .
There's a petite section that you an check out .
It has clothes in small sizes for small women .
Where to ?
Certainly . Let's put the suitcase in the boot .
Take it easy . We should be able to make it unless we get caught in a traffic jam .
Don't worry . The traffic is smooth . You will be there in time for your flight .
Client Services ? Oh , hello . I need your help .
I'm a tourist in this city and unfortunately I've lost my card !
Credit Card . The International Credit Card , I can't find it anywhere .
I'm not 100 % sure , around an hour ago I guess . I had it in the hotel lobby bar ; I used it to charge something to my room . I obviously didn't pick it up again .
Thank you . Thank you very much .
I'd like a one-inch photo for my interview .
I want to fetch them in 3 days .
I think I prefer train . It's cheaper and safe .
Yes , I am an outgoing person who likes to be with a lot of friends .
Well , the most important thing in communication is your sincerity .
This is Brown speaking . I'd like to speak to Mr.Tomas .
I've been trying to call him for the last ten minutes , but your line was busy . Will he be back soon ?
Is there any other way I can reach him ?
I have a business appointment with him at ten o'clock tomorrow morning , but I'm afraid I can't make it .
Unfortunately , I'm leaving here unexpectedly , and I may be away for several days .
Thank you .
Are you trying to lose weight ?
You don ’ t have to starve yourself to lose weight . I think that ’ s where you ’ re going wrong .
Not really . You should try to not eat foods high in calories , salts or saturated fats . Stay away from oily food and artificial flavors .
Yes ! You can also try to reduce your intake of carbohydrates and foods that are high in cholesterol . You can have steamed veggies or increase your protein intake found in chicken or fish .
Don ’ t count on it .
Employee welfare ? What all does that include ?
What kind of considerations are we talking about ?
Our company now has n ombudsman ?
Yes , here's your key . The bellboy will take you to your room .
Yes , but can you show me the other colour ones ?
No , I don't like the brown one .
Good , I like it .
It is extremely beautiful.This is the very thing I've been dreaming of.Please put in a gift box for me .
Sure . What about the cloth over there ? It's in fashion .
Come here and I will measure you .
There ’ s so much I want to do . I ’ Ve just finished sending lots of emails to friends and family all over the world . I just ran a search for music to download .
Thanks . That would be very helpful . I ’ Ve discovered that it can take a long time to find exactly what you want . There ’ s too much information on the net .
Yes , I did . There ’ s an anti-virus programme with my email account that scans all attachments , so I ’ m sure I haven ’ t sent anything nasty to anyone .
That ’ s good advice . I should also be careful about giving out confidential information about myself , such as my password and credit car number .
How do I do that ?
That ’ s useful to know . Thanks . I ’ ll just log off and shout down my computer and we can go for a coffee .
Here you are . seventy-five cent , please .
Is there anything valuable in it ?
Shall I make out a receipt ?
That ‘ ll be ninety-five cents in all .
I am sorry to hear that . You have to fill out a claim form .
Here you are .
I'd rather not have it if you don't mind . I'll have soup instead . I'm supposed to be on a diet .
I think the four days ' tour from New York to Atlantic City will be fine .
What is the departure date ?
Good morning . I want to remit 1,000 yuan to my sister in Shanghai .
OK ... Do I need to put on my sister's name for the receiver ?
OK , I see . Here you are . Is that OK now ?
Here you are . What is the rate ?
OK . When will this remittance arrive ?
That's good .
I think I ’ m very good at planning . I manage my time perfectly , so that I can always get things done on time .
Because I ’ m very competent in this area .
Yes , I work well under pressure and find it dimly . However , I believe planning and probable management of my time can reduce tight deadlines .
I don ’ t try to go ahead of people and lead them , I ’ d rather cooperate with everybody else and get the job done by working together .
She's in a meeting until noon .
Ok , thank you .
You have probably noticed that our products ' prices are competitive . Besides . we can provide more superior products than other companies at the same price .
It means that if you place a big order , we usually allow 15 % for a trade discount . And our products feel more slip , colorful and faddish than others . You can have a look .
We always sell the best . You can believe us at this point .
Within 2 weeks once we receive your orders .
French dressing , please .
Oh , French dressing .
We still prefer French dressing .
Who's your manager ? Tell me ! Would you ?
The ink should be next to the paper clips and thumb tacks in the stationary section , sir .
Then I'm afraid there's none in stock .
They come in packages of ten or twenty .
On counter three .
I know . It took me three weeks , and I work here .
All staff can enjoy the health insurance program .
Employees are covered by worker's compensation insurance .
I have been a salesman .
I am in charge of the trading department .
I ’ m working in a small company where further promotion is impossible .
I never easily give up something that is valuable . Before I decided to quit that position , I had made a thorough analysis of things like what I would gain and what I would lose here in your company . You know , Shanghai is always a fascinating place to me , full of challenges as well as hopes . In addition to this , I have the specialized knowledge and the necessary experience of making a good . Of course , opportunities to work abroad and a higher salary are also important to me . So I believe it ’ s worthwhile to come here to work .
I'm very much interested in the position .
I believe I would have better opportunities with a small but rapidly expanding company like yours .
I've only washed my white clothes .
Is there any special care I should take with your clothes ?
Are there a lot of clothes ?
It's a medium load .
No big deal . I'll do it for you .
You're welcome .
Yes , of course . It seems made to measure .
$ 120 .
It ' s an Indian restaurant ! I know you have never had Indian food , so I thought you might want to try .
Well , Indian cuisine actually doesn ' t serve beef . You see , cows are a sacred animal , a very important element in the Hindu religion , so beef is not eaten .
There are many amazing dishes to choose from . We can have some chicken tikka masala which is an amazing curry . It ' s a bit spicy , but I think you can handle it .
Yeah . Also , we can have some Naan bread which is baked in a tandoori oven . Since you don ' t use any utensils to eat , you can use this bread to scoop up the curry or rice .
They have a good variety of vegetable-based dishes like talak panter , vegetable samosas or daal .
If you want to live much longer you have to give up smoking .
Maybe with the choice of life or death before you , you will find it easier .
See all these black areas ? That's tar built up in your Lungs .
Look at it this way , when you quit , you will save money , time and your life !
Yes , I'm looking for a cap . Size 16 .
Yes . It's a bit tight . Have you got a bigger one ?
Yes , that's fine . I'll take it . Can I pay by check ?
Yes , I know .
Oh , no . We just did it last week .
I'd rather wash the clothes .
Oh , My God ! So much !
OK . Let me send a memo around .
I don ’ t think he ’ s back today .
I know , it ’ s a big one .
We have a great selection . What decade are you looking for ?
We have six .
Actually , two of them have dancing figures .
A good choice . I prefer that one myself .
Oh , no , I'm afraid not . These things are just too old to guarantee anything .
Even if they break down , they're still works of art .
I've already started .
This afternoon .
We haven't decided yet . Could you give us a little longer ?
Can we get something to drink ? We want two bottles of beer .
Could you tell us your specials today ?
We'll take this steak dinner .
Peas and carrots .
Icecream , please .
I had the soup and bruschetta which all together is £ 4.50 and my trout for the main course was £ 12 .
Yes and shall we go fifty-fifty for the wine ?
So now your bill comes to £ 20.15 and I need to pay £ 22.50 .
And is that all ?
So now my bill is £ 24.50 and yours come to £ 23.65 . Is that correct ?
I think £ 5 would be good .
Speaking . May I ask whom I am talking to ?
Oh , yes . I remember your company .
I'd like to , but I'm afraid that my schedule is full this week .
Am . How about 10 a . m . on next Friday ?
All right , expecting you .
I studied at Anshan University .
Yes , I interned with an accounting firm during tax season .
Yes , but I learned a lot .
I learned about different tax laws and how they work .
Yes , Mary ?
Are you telling me you're not going to meet with me ?
Well , I don't like it , but I guess I don't have any choice .
OK , I'll go to your office at that time .
Good afternoon , Mr . Black . Haven't seen you for a long time . Can I help you ?
Let me see if he is free . Would you please sit down and wait for a moment ?
The manager will come to see you in a few minutes .
You are welcome .
That's a good idea ! So you don't need to worry about it .
It's OK . You could send an email to the employer via the internet .
You could inquire about the results directly , but should be politely .
I think the letter of inquiry should be written briefly . If it's too long , I'm afraid the employer won't have time to read it .
After you send the letter of inquiry , you should pay close attention not to miss any reply .
I can ’ t just now , Susan . Could we get together this afternoon ? What ’ s it about ?
Oh , that ’ s right . Is that time of the year , huh ? That ’ s fine . How about if we meet at 3:30 this afternoon ?
Sorry , darling , I forgot .
I promise you'll have it tomorrow .
Me too . I ’ ll see you after work , huh ?
Sure . Meet me at five .
What ’ s up ?
Anything that distracts you from work ?
Look , Lucy . Things are not so bad as you said . This is our company ’ s busiest time in a year . You need to relax a little . Don ’ t push yourself too hard , ok ?
Excuse me , madam ! You parked in the handicapped spot .
Don't tell me you lost it .
That was quick .
Your car is rather old.Why not change a new one ?
Oh , there is a car exhibition tomorrow afternoon . I have two tickets.Would you like to go there with me ?
And the bank will offer you loans for twenty years !
I ’ m afraid we ’ re in for a rough weekend , Marry . There is a storm system moving through the East Coast . It will be drizzling all day today , and there ’ s a 60 percent chance of thunderstorms this evening . It will be warm and humid all weekend . In the Midwest , expect strong winds and a low of around 40 degrees .
Unfortunately , yes . It will be clear early Saturday morning but there is a high chance of showers and thunderstorms later in the day . There is a severe thunderstorm warning for some parts of the Southeast . Folks in those areas might see some hail and flooding , especially in areas that have been experiencing record high rainfalls .
It gets better on Sunday , though . The storm systems move east and the skies will clear up at night . It will still be rather cool , with highs in the low 50s . The West Coast will be experiencing some unusually chilly weather , but at least the sun will come out . I advise weekend travelers to be careful , especially while driving . Back to you , Mark .
Yes , just over there .
Yes , they are just next to the newspapers actually .
All right . I'm nearly ready . What time does the bus leave ?
Oh , we've got plenty of time .
All right . Let's go .
Sure . I'll be there as soon as I finish this document .
OK .
I'm sorry to say that we have to let you go , John .
Well , you're working very hard but not efficiently . And you don't work well with other employees .
I'm afraid it's too late . We are downsizing our workforce and you'll have to go .
We can give you the option of residing rather than being fired , because it will look better on your resume when you apply for another job if you resign .
All right , but let me know your decision before the end of the day .
No problem . What ’ s wrong ?
Where is the pipe ?
Can you tell me how long the pipe has been leaking ?
You do realize that I will need to rip down your wall to get to the pipe , right ?
Is that all right ?
I ’ ll get started on it now .
Sure . Why don ’ t you try it on ? The fitting room is over there .
I ’ m thinking about buying this sweater . I know it ’ s june now , but it will be perfect for autumn and winter .
Yes , it ’ s half price . It ’ s supposed to be too large-that ’ s the fashion .
There . It looks great , don ’ t you think ? I ’ m going to get these jeans as well . I need a new pair . I need a new pair . I ‘ m also going to buy this scarf ready for winter .
Don ’ t worry . I ’ Ve got my credit card . You can pay me back later .
Yeah , I could tell that . That ’ s no problem . I can probably get it re-done by tomorrow . When ’ s our meeting with the boss ?
Then , we ’ Ve got plenty of time .
Oh , how annoying !
Is's infuriating ! I have to be in Rome by five .
I want to see a dentist .
OK , thank you .
I think this is it . Get off .
I have no idea .
It doesn't look right to me .
I think we did .
I really thought this was our stop .
Maybe we should just wait for the next bus .
Good morning . I ’ m looking for a new jacket .
I like this jacket . Can I try it on ?
Thanks .
No problem .
Good . Anything else ? The tie pins ? The cuff links ?
Ok . We have several kinds of scarves here . Let me get them for you . Just wait a minute .
I noticed there ’ s a jam a few blocks away .
I ’ m afraid I ’ ll be late .
Yup , I think so . The car ’ s packed , we have munchies and music , and the map ’ s in the car .
Got it ! Did you fill up the tank ?
You ’ re sure we ’ re not forgetting anything ?
Well , let ’ s get going then ! I love road trips !
But we ’ Ve only been on the road for ten minutes .
Yes , I have . Here are my blouse , coats and stockings .
Oh , yes . My husband also has some laundry . This is his suit and here is his pajamas .
Oh , no . Only the suit and coat are to be dry-cleaned . I want to have my blouse tomorrow evening . And I'd like the collar and cuffs starched .
Exactly . Is it possible to have my overcoat dry-cleaned , too ?
Oh , no . I also need this tomorrow evening .
That's a good idea .
Yes , I noticed it yet .
Oh , thanks a lot .
Never mind , it doesn't matter .
I do hope this undesirable incident will not stand in the way of our future business .
You should unplug the phone .
Do you want me to wake you in an hour ?
I'll start dinner at 6:00 .
If not , your nose will wake you up .
You might even dream about dinner .
Have a nice nap .
What kind are you going to make ?
I really like Caesar salads .
What kind of salad do you want to make ?
I love chicken salads .
That sounds really tasty .
I think that I will .
With pleasure . What color do you like ?
It costs 275 yuan , Miss .
Sorry , we don't give discounts .
I have no idea .
I've told you a thousand times . I don't want to go in the Haunted House.It ' s too scary !
Go alone if you want . I will wait at that cafe and have a soda .
I know . But if you don't go in the Haunted House , you won't be happy.So I will wait for you . It's no problem .
How was it ?
Don't worry about it . But how was it ?
I am sorry , sir . All the tables have been booked .
Would you mind waiting in the lounge for 10 minutes ? I am sure I can arrange you a table then .
I'm just fine , thanks , Jane . I'd like to make a withdrawal from my Current Account , please .
That might be a good idea , yes .
I think 2,000 RIB will suffice , thanks .
No , I don't think I have . But I would like to hear the full details , if you think it'll be beneficial to me .
Oh , really ? Isn't this spot C408 ?
I'm sorry , I must have been confused . I had thought it's C section , but actually it's D section . I'll move my car right away .
Off hand , I'd say the Reader's Digests is my favorite .
It's instructive and inspiring .
No , it's a semimonthly .
Yes , it's so popular that it's sold out as soon as it reaches the bookstores .
Yes . What kept you from arriving on time ?
I realize that everyone has emergencies ; just get here on time from now on .
I appreciate you saying that and would like you to join us in our meeting .
Wonderful , does anyone have any questions about this project ?
I'm glad that some of you get it , but let's go over it once more .
Don ’ t dress like that . You ’ ll make fool yourself . You look stupid in that robe .
Maybe it is . But it ’ s out of fashion .
Let ’ s go downtown and pick up some fashionable clothes for you .
Oh , no . You should take the No . 14 tram .
Two blocks down the street .
Yes . I'm sorry , but I've lost my passbook .
About RIB 12,000 .
I'm Bob Brown . But I can't recall my account number .
Thank goodness . It is still there . Thank you very much .
OK .
Trust me . She'll keep nagging . She thinks something will go wrong .
You guessed it . She says we have to get married on January 2nd , or we'll have bad luck .
My mom just wants everything to be perfect for us .
Will this do ? Your major is not related to banking , as you know .
Money is not the only standard to decide your career . In fact , there are more important things you can refer to when evaluating your career . If I were you , I would choose one I like to do .
Don't worry . We can always change our careers , when we are unsatisfied with them .
This is Room 603 . I'm afraid that the heating system doesn't work . It's very cold here .
Yes . I have switched it on for a long time . The room is still very cold .
I prefer not to move first .
Yes , please .
I only started looking for a job a few days ago .
yes , I was precise with every word in my resume ?
absolutely , I've highlighted all my strengths and the resume is clear and easy to read .
a cover letter ? I've never thought about that . Won't a CV do for my job application ?
sounds reasonable.Even if I'm the right one for the job , many people are applying for the same vacancy at the same time , so I should try my best to catch the Human Resources manager's attention .
got it . I'll start right now .
Yes , I have a spare room .
Would you come here in twenty minutes ? We're right in the middle of dinner .
Yes , it has two bedrooms . That's convenient .
2,500 yuan a month .
Oh , yes . I reviewed your estimate . But it seems like the project blueprint you sent with the estimate is not quite what we had in mind . Did you get a copy of the specs for this project ?
No . Later we decided to opt for the prior outline , version 7 .
Are you saying we don ’ t have time to watch our favorite show tonight ? Jane , you know I really don ’ t like our teacher all that much . He gives far too much homework . He criticizes me in front of everyone all the time .
Yes , and he also ...
Probably not . After all he is our teacher . We should try to find something nice to say . If you can ’ t say something nice you shouldn ’ t say anything at all .
All right . I want to take a shower first , I ’ m exhausted .
Nice to meet you . How can I help you ?
Certainly , Mr . Murphy . Could you come to my office this afternoon at 2:30 ?
That's a good idea , Charlotte .
Just a little please .
No , less than that . One and a half teaspoonfuls please . That's enough for me . That was very nice .
Yes , please . I'd like a cigarette , too . May I have one ?
I'm afraid it's empty .
It doesn't matter .
That's very good advice !
It depends .
Um . It ’ s delicious .
Not all of it .
Hi , Peter ! How are you ?
Very well , thanks .
Really ? Wow , it is great .
I suppose so . It's great .
Yes , is there a coffee machine around here ?
Where is the break room ?
Got it .
Thank you .
I ’ m thinking about where we shall spend our vocation .
Ok , dear.We will be late .
A ham salad sandwich .
Then , I ’ d like some eggs and bread for breakfast instead .
don't you think it ’ s a bit bright ?
that dress looks lovely on you , but it ’ s not very practical , is it ?
I like the jeans , but you need something to go with the top . It ’ s too plain on its own .
that might be going overboard a bit . How about just that scarf with a bracelet ?
thanks . You ’ d be ok on your own . There are loads of fashion victims out there , and you are not one of them . Have you tried it on yet ?
that looks great . Just one more thing---you need some high heels with those jeans . Do you want a pair with a plain pattern or ones with a leopard print on them ?
no , they ’ re a Prada knock-off for 1/10 of the price of the real thing .
if I were you , I ’ d buy that now while it ’ s on sale . If you spend more than $ 100 , you get a $ 50 voucher for more clothes .
Most of it is . You should sign up .
Didn't you read about Paypal and Bidpai ? They are very safe .
That's the last three or four numbers on the back of your credit card where your signature is .
Yes , I have read the Filling Instruction carefully , since you showed me it last week .
The essence of filing I remember is to bring together in a single folder or file all papers relating to a particular subject . And outgoing and incoming letters are kept in this file cabinet .
And each file should be named clearly , either in block capitals or in jet black typed capitals .
A card index is very important in the filing system . It is a most helpful friend to a secretary , so it must be kept handy and up to date .
Sure , honey . I'll read you a bed time story , too .
Don't worry , you'll sleep well tonight .
Not really . What ’ s up ?
I ’ m kind of useless in that area , but I ’ ll take a look at it .
It's two blocks down the road .
Pardon me ?
Oh , I see . I'll have beer , please .
Thank you.How much is it ?
Are you sure ? Then , I will have more beer , please .
Sure , if you're done !
Well , listen , Honey , you've been a big help lately ...
If you take out the garbage and do the dishes , I'll think about it .
Nothing in life is free , Son .
OK .
Go ahead .
I would like to open a checking account .
Here you are .
I don't know , sir . What's the number of your car ?
When did you bring it to us ?
Ah yes , I remember now .
No , they're still working on it . Let's go into the garage and have a look at it.Isn ' t that your car ?
Didn't you have a crash ?
Well , they're trying to repair it , sir . But to tell you the truth , you need a new car .
certainly , i love waltz very much .
a couple of times a week . i've got a regular dancing partner . he is really some dancer
For most of the articles in the catalog , we have good supply .
Thanks . I'll look into it and let you have our firm offers tomorrow .
You'll find our prices very favorable .
Either can be done , though we usually quote on CIF basis .
Certainly . We can work them out for you .
Good morning.Are you through with the cleaning ? If not , we'll come back a little later .
It doesn't take much time . I ' m used to tidying up my room myself .
I have a suit that needs cleaning .
I'm afraid he's having an important meeting now . Can I help you ?
Of course , he would . Would you leave them with me ?
We're thinking of ordering some special styles of summer clothes . We should be interested in your products if they are of the styles we want .
How long would it take you to deliver the orders ?
Good . I'll send your catalogues to those who are interested . Meanwhile , may I have an indication of price ? Can I have your price-sheet ?
Thank you for inviting me .
Yes . I was in charge of profit and loss for the northwest region of Canada . As a manager , I was directly responsible for a 50 % increase in sales over a four-month period .
I believe persistence and perseverance are key attributes .
Lamb and beef . It will get even tastier when we add the veggies !
So ?
You'll be OK . It's just a little bit ...
I'm just trying to complete today's crossword puzzle . Whenever I get the time , I like to do the crossword puzzles in the paper .
I guess you could say that . What kind of games do you like ?
doesn't everyone ? Which games are those ?
did you play a lot of games when you were little ?
do you still like playing those games ?
everyone in my family really enjoys playing card games .
no , I prefer to play with people I know .
it's a popular game with some people , but I've never played it .
I hate to disappoint you , but unlike what most people think , we aren't all exactly the same !
Yes , I would like to look at some of your products .
Well , to be honest , I mostly use Sarah Winter products now.But I'm not happy with them . So I would like to change companies .
What do you have in foundation ?
What colors do you have in foundation ?
The color I use now is rose.How much does this rose foundation cost ? The 100ml bottle .
Wow ! That's expensive .
I understand . I need some mascara too.Do you have a good thickening mascara ?
Alright . And I want to consider your eye shadow too.Do you have a color chart I can look at ?
Oh , sure . I will need to clean off my own eye shadow first .
Thank you .
I ’ m sorry she is not in at the moment . Can I take a message ?
You ’ re welcome .
We could make it lower for you . What's your counter-offer ?
If you order in large lots , we'll accept the price .
All right , as a token of friendship , we accept your counter-offer .
I'd like to open a new account .
Yes . And I've brought some documents along with me , too . Do you need to see my passport ?
Yes . Does the checking account come with a debit card ?
That's very convenient .
Yes . What's the maximum amount that you are allowed to have in an overdraft ?
Is there a penalty for having an overdraft ?
That's true . Is everything alright with my documents ?
Thank you very much .
Hi , Martin . What can I do for you ?
That ’ s all right . Bring me over what you ’ Ve got .
Sure . I ’ Ve never seen a dragon boat race .
As long as I don ’ t have to row .
Yes . Do you accept traveler's checks ?
Very good .
Yes , I have my driver's license .
I don ’ t think so , Mr . Parsons . I think you have covered all the main points for me .
Great . Rmm , when can I expect to hear from you ?
That sounds perfect . Thank you very much for taking the time to speak to me Mr . Parsons .
I hope to hear from you very soon .
I am here on business .
Of course , here you are .
They are two cameras .
Yes , I have one carton of cigarettes and a bottle of whiskey .
Yes , Mr . Smith ?
No , it will be another hour .
Of course . It's the best one I have here---and it's only 300 yuan .
Really ? Even for such an excellent one ?
I like the apartment , but I see something wrong with it .
There ’ s a leaking faucet in the sink .
That leak is going to raise my water bill .
You need to fix it .
I won ’ t rent it if the faucet isn ’ t fixed .
I ’ m glad you finally agree .
There are many famous resorts in Egypt . You can have a good time here .
I'm afraid two days isn't enough for you to see all the places of interest .
If I were you , the pyramid would be my first choice . It's so magnificent .
You needn't worry about it . There are many stores at the scenic spots . I'm sure you can get what you want .
Yes , I ’ d like to buy this dress , please .
Great .
I want to use a credit card . Do you take Discover ?
I ’ ll put it on my Visa card , then .
There must be something wrong with the system . Try my MasterCard .
Sure .
Thanks . You have a good one , too .
Sure ... first you're going to have to buy a ticket to ride on the subway . The Wudaokou station is on the lightrail , so you'll have to transfer . Be sure you buy a combination ticket for the regular subway and the lightrail . It should cost you 5 yuan .
You can take the red line train from here , but you'll have to transfer to the blue line at Fuxingmen transfer station . After you transfer , take the blue line that is heading north towards Fuchengmen .
You'll take the blue line until you reach Xizhimen . That's a big station , so there will likely be a lot of people getting off at that stop . You can transfer to the lightrail there , you'll have to exit the subway and present the unused portion of your combination ticket to the Ticketmaster , they'll give you a new ticket to use on the lightrail system .
No , not the really , don't worry about it , like I said there'll be a lot of people there doing the same thing that you are doing , so just follow the crowd , There's only one direction to go , so you won't get on the wrong train . Head north on the Yellow line , and you'll see Wudaokou in just a couple of stops .
Is that true ? I can't believe it . There are always some meetings in this company .
But , my overwork has not done yet . And it is driving me crazy .
What's the meeting for ?
I will be there after 20 minutes .
Let me check . It has a paper jam .
Be careful , the cartridge can be very hot .
When you hired me , you knew you were going to be low on cash , didn't you ?
I know how it works . You don't want to give away any more of your future profits than you have to .
Good afternoon . Lilian . This is Tom Baker over at Beck ’ s Trading company . We need to arrange a banquet for next Wednesday afternoon .
Well . We ’ re expecting about twenty-five people and we ’ d like to spend no more than $ 20 a head .
sure . I ’ d be happy to give you some hints and advice .
it looks good to me . I would suggest that you put the client ’ s logo and our logo on each page . The bosses seem to like that .
why don ’ t you use a different font the headings ? They ’ ll be more distinct .
I think you ’ Ve included all the essential things . You might want to make the conclusion a little longer . Restate your reasons clearly .
definitely ! I would include one or two on each page if possible . Remember that you should make the report as eye-catching as possible .
Yes . I'd like to make a plane reservation to Shanghai , China .
Via Kiang . I'd like to leave on May 5th .
Well , I need an economy ticket .
Single . What's the fare , PLS ?
I see . Is my ticket confirmed then ?
Thank you .
No , I'm afraid we'll have to cancel the order . I'm not sure whether it agrees with me .
I'd prefer swordfish steak .
Oysters , please .
I want to find a book called Gone with the Wind . But I can't find it .
Margaret Mitchell .
Thank you very much . I have been looking for it for a long time . Is this the latest edition ?
How about the price of the hardcover ?
A little bit expensive , but I will buy one . This is $ 25 , here you are .
Thank you . Here is a copy of the Tour Guide Certificate of mine .
Yes , but I am on holidays this week .
I am bilingual , English and Russian .
I ’ d like a half a pound of ground beef , please .
Could I also have half a dozen pork chops and two pounds of boneless chicken breasts ?
No , that won ’ t do . I ’ ll take this smoked ham you have here .
Is this salami and bologna you have here ?
Sounds good . Okay , that ’ s it .
Mmm ... No that ’ s okay , really . I think that ’ s all for today .
It's 800 US dollars per kilo CIF five percent Hamburg .
Why ? This is a fair market price .
Then what leads you to think that we have to reduce our price ? Please tell me candidly .
We give you quotations on the same basis as we quote in the domestic market .
But even with the overhead out , the export overhead must be put in . Finally , it comes to the same thing . Anyway , this is a quality item and should be sold on its value .
Every so often . It is very convenient and the price is lower than in stores .
Books , cosmetics , daily necessities , even large electrical appliance can be ordered from online-stores .
Even you can bargain with the owner of one on-line store , although he or she provides ' But It Now ' prices .
Some provide wrong pictures for the goods , so many buyers are deceived .
That's not fair !
Um yes , I'd like a medium pizza with pepperoni , olives , and extra cheese .
Sure , that sounds good .
No , make the second one with ham , pineappleand green peppers . Oh , and make it thin crust .
Perfect . Thank you . Bye ...
Almost , let me just put my apron on .
Got it .
Do I have to use a whisk or can I use the electric mixer ?
OK , so now we need a baking pan right ?
Done . So how long do we bake it for ?
Wow ! This was a lot easier than I thought !
Thank you . Do I have to pay in advance ?
Here you are .
Yes , where do you want to go ?
Would you please look at the five routes ?
Yes , right now it's the busy season .
Hi . I ’ m calling from Room 209 . I couldn ’ t find the TV Guide . Can you send me one , please ?
Yes . There is one more thing .
The mini bar door was open when I checked in . I didn ’ t use it . Could you send someone to check it out ?
Thanks .
200 bucks .
What do you mean ?
Oh , I guess I really did get ripped off .
I think the gears have seized up
Sure . Here you are .
Sorry , tomato soup is not being served today , but we have egg soup , it's very delicious . Why don't you try it today ?
Would you like to have a drink ?
Anything else ?
OK . I'll be back soon .
That ’ s a secret . I couldn ’ t tell you .
It fits you to a T .
Cash or charge ?
Sign here , please .
Good-bye , and thank you for shopping here .
Where exactly are you coming from ?
Do you have a problem walking a little bit ?
If you walk down Fair Oaks to Altadena Drive , you can catch the 267 .
Make sure to catch it going west .
You get off on Del Mar and Hill .
Don't mention it .
I've always got room for something sweet !
I've never tried traditional Greek yogurt , so I want to try that first .
I believe they add locally produced honey to it .
do you want to try some of my yogurt . It's a favorite everyday dessert in Greece .
what do you think ? How does it taste ?
sure . I'll just have a bite .
it's absolutely delicious ! That is the best tiramisu I've ever had !
ok . I've had one of those before . They're really sweet and crunchy .
I believe they are a local delicacy in the South .
yeah , why not ? We've already pigged out as it is !
I don't have time to talk to her now .
Thank you .
I had a terrific working relationship with my boss , even though we are very different people . Because I've had a number of bosses , I've come to realize that to make things work , you have to understand what's important to your boss . Then you have to do everything you can to support him ( or her ) . It's natural to think about your own agenda first , but if you help your boss , Ifs likely to move your agenda ahead at the same time . My last boss was great in that regard , she appreciated my efforts and rewarded me when I helped her accomplish her goals .
Many are important — intelligence , diligence , information and planning . But the most important , I think , is achieving results .
Certainly , do you have your school schedule ? The books are arranged by course number and instructor .
Of course ! I am very interested to know how my child is doing and also get some insight from you as to how he can improve .
I guess he gets that from me , I never did well in math when I was a kid . What can I do at home to compliment what he is learning in the classroom .
Thanks a lot ! I will definitely do that . Is there anything else ?
Oh yes , I ...
I went to Yale University .
I have a B . A . in Economics .
I'm twenty-seven .
Yes , I have worked in a bank for the last five years .
I got $ 500 a week .
Sure .
I'll have a go .
Yes ?
Certainly . Go along Queen's Road ...
Yes , and turn right at the Hilton Hotel .
Then go up Garden Road , past the Cathedral .
Yes . Then cross the road at the next traffic lights . The Peak Tram is straight ahead . You can't miss it .
Yes . Why ?
I'm leaving for Shanghai tomorrow morning . When do I have to settle my bill ?
That will do . Where shall I go to pay the money ?
Would you please get the bill ready before supper ?
No , he will stay here for two more days . Please keep the room for him .
Two separate bills , please .
Will you give the bill to me at around six o'clock ?
I have had a good stay here . Your service is wonderful . I'm very satisfied with it .
OK , I will .
Not so bad , but Kevin does have problems with his wife .
His wife always complained that Kevin's salary was too low and got no promotion .
Yeah , I agree with you . But you know , it's just one of those things .
On which day ?
Well , let me check for you . Yes , you are booked already . It's a single room with a bath , facing the south .
What kind of cottons are they ? May I see your list ? Ah , machine prints .
I see . And the quantities .
How many rolls altogether ?
Six weeks , did you say ?
We could manage the plain rolls in six weeks . The prints might be put off to eight weeks .
That's the best we can do just now , I'm afraid .
What about taking the prints in two shipments ? Two thousand rolls in seven weeks , and the remained a week later .
Yes , I'll see that you get those delivery . Shipping by ' S . S . American ' as usual , is that all right ?
When can we expect your confirmation of the order ?
All right .
Thirty minutes or 30 seconds , sir , it doesn't matter , I'm ready for you .
There's nothing like getting an early start , sir .
You can leave your baggage in our storage space , with a deposit .
I wish it was , but it isn't . They will still want a credit card .
Don't forget that you have very little time , sir , before you have to check out .
Yeah.And I'm going by bus .
But both my wife and I prefer taking a bus .
to be honest , I don't really care for either one .
I used to play basketball when I was little , and I never scored a goal . Every time I watch a basketball game , I think about how horrible I was at it .
how about you ? What's your favorite sport of all time ?
have you ever seen a live game ?
I've never really understood the game .
thanks , that'd be nice . When's the next ice hockey game on ?
that's a good idea .
Sure . How much do you want ?
OK , here you are . Please sign your name here .
I think you should buy a bottle of moisturizer .
Yes . It will keep your face from getting dry and make your skin soft .
Hi . You called and said I should come in . It's about some documents that have arrived for Nobut Foods .
Oh great ! We've been waiting for those . Is everything alright with them ?
No , everything has to be perfect .
OK . You have to fill out this form and let me see three identification cards or documents .
Let me see them . Yes , they're OK .
You can deposit an initial amount of ten dollars .
What's up ?
It is really good news . How much do you earn a week now ?
Darling , I know you are a good husband . You don't have to work so hard . After all your health is the most important .
I see . You must have more rest .
I set up the Personal Wealth Management Service with you , but I'm going to be travelling overseas . I'm not quite sure what I should do . I mean is it possible to still use the service ?
Really ? In that case , could I have the number of the Service Centre please ?
And they can deal with everything ?
That's good to know . Thanks .
Hello . I have a reservation , under the name Lee , Leo Lee .
It ’ s L-e-e .
You mean I have to pay now ?
I see . I guess you can tell I don ’ t travel much .
I said , " Do you want me to help you ? "
OK . Would you like me to get you a cab ?
Yes , do you have a wine list ?
Do you have mixed drinks in this restaurant ?
I am not sure what I want . Do you have any house specials ?
That sounds good ! Please bring me one of those .
I would like it blended .
I would like my margarita with no salt , thank you .
Airmail or surface mail ?
Oh , anything up to 3 or 4 months for surface mail . It depends on the sailing of the ships . Airmail would only take 1 to 2 weeks .
Just let me weigh it for you . That's 2 lb . and 6 oz . That's be £ 10 .
I would like to check out .
Can I pay by credit card ?
I'm looking for a citizen for my wife's birthday .
Oh , it's beautiful .
Doctor , I have a bad cough and a headache .
I don't know , but I feel terrible .
Do you think I should lie in bed ?
OK.Do you think I can play football tomorrow ?
OK , I'll listen to you .
Pity we didn't catch it .
We have to wait six more minutes !
Certainly.Let ' s to and meet him now .
Yes , hello . Our company used your bank to send some documents to Malaysia last week . Could you check and see if the proceeds have come back yet , please ? It's Sang Hung Enterprises , based in Kula Lump .
That's as it should be . When will it be paid in and credited to our account ?
How about the cinema ?
What would you suggest to see ?
Yes ?
Oh , did you ?
Yes , of course . Will you come with receipt ?
Until 8 o'clock madam . We are looking forward to seeing you .
Let's play some music ! I feel like dancing .
Ahh ! Now that's more like it . Atmosphere !
Oops ! It's the landlord . I guess the tables have turned now . We're the noisy neighbors . Turn it down !
It's nothing . It's not the first time anyway .
I hope so .
Let's go get something to drink .
Do you know what you want to drink ?
You shouldn't drink soda when you're really thirsty .
When you're thirsty , you're not supposed to drink soda .
Water is what's best for you .
It's better for you .
I am doing well . How about you , Mary ?
There is a new movie at the mall that I want to see . Want to go with me ?
I could go to the movies on Friday night instead . Would that be better ?
I thought the movie about a serial killer who rapes and mutilates his victims would be a good choice .
Maybe we can think of something somewhere between a chick flick and a horror movie !
Well , it is still open . Where did you graduate from .
It sounds great . I will arrange an interview tomorrow . Can you come tomorrow ?
Yes , they all stop at this corner .
You can take any bus except the Number 9 .
They run about every five minutes .
About fifteen minutes.It ' s not far.Are you a stranger in New York ?
How do you like New York city ?
You'll soon get accustomed to it.It ' s not difficult.Well , here's the bus.Fortunately , it's not full .
Don't mention it .
Todd , good to hear from you !
Me too , Todd ! Thanks for suggesting that great movie .
I would love to join you on a hike . Could I maybe bring a picnic lunch for us to eat on the trail ?
Fine then , what time are we going to leave ?
Nine would be perfect . I'll see you then !
Dad , it's raining outside .
All right , all right , I will go swimming with Peter this afternoon .
What flight has seats available to Milan on this Sunday ?
Oh.my god . But I have to be there on Sunday . I want to go on stand-by .
Thank you .
No , but you can let them know that yours is the cream of the crop-the purest motor oil in the world . Careful , hold it by the java jacket . This coffee drink has half and half-what do you think ?
That's just the point ! Purity is the essence of good coffee , right ?
He is in his bedroom . He has been in a bad mood after school .
Yeah . He told me that he has passed over in the election of monitor .
Can I help you ?
I'm sorry , sir . Just hold the line , please . Now the line is connected . Go ahead please .
Well , it is like a shop but the things here are quite cheap .
$ 5 .
Sure . Here you are .
I really love this kind of atmosphere .
There are people everywhere.What ' s that girl doing ?
And what about that man there ?
I see you have a coffee bar for a water cooler . The staff here must be comfortable . I think it really helps morale when people feel supported by their employers .
Hello , I'd like to talk to someone about making a withdrawal .
Yes , but the problem is that I have a Savings Account with you , and I need to take some money from that . Do I really have to give 90 days notice if I want my money ?
That's not a problem . I'll pop in later today to make a formal request . Thanks !
Here is the coffee , toast and bacon . Do you like fried eggs or poached ones ?
Of course . They will be ready in a few minutes .
Why ?
Really ? Well . Ok . Get the receipts out .
That's 1,825 dollars .
3,075 . Our paychecks are 3300 combined . That means we don't have any receipts for 225 .
What ’ s your flight number ?
Just for yourself ?
Hold on , please . Yes.you ’ re booked on ZN741 to Atlanta on July 18th . Your seats are in the first class section .
What attracts you most ?
I ’ m worried about my daughter . She can ’ t decide about college .
I don ’ t mind that . But she disagrees with me about everything .
But I just want to give her some tips .
I guess you are right .
I hope so .
Yes . I'd like to try Chinese food . But I don't know anything about it .
Is there any difference between Cantonese food and Sichuan food ?
Really ? I like hot food . Can you make a few suggestions ?
OK . I ’ ll have them . Is there any soup ?
That ’ s fine . I'll have a try .
Martini , please .
I am an Assistant Electronics Engineer .
I've wanted to be involved in engineering ever since I was little . And my study has equipped me with a career as a mechanical engineer .
what ’ s wrong , Jim ?
Twenty minutes just to find out what their business hours are ?
Oh , I hate getting voicemail instead of a person.What did you do ?
Couldn ’ d you choose to be transferred to a real person ?
I am very active and energetic . I approach things enthusiastically and I don't like leaving them half done .
I am quite outgoing , I think . I enjoy mixing and doing things with other people .
I maintain that the most important thing is having good friends . A person can't live all by himself . A friend in need is a friend indeed . So the more really close friends I have , the happier I am .
Yes , I would call three of my former classmates really close friends . We often get together and talk with each other . Whenever I counter difficulties , they are always ready to give me a hand .
People who are honest , dedicated to their work and have integrity .
Slacker and those who violate working principles .
It's loaded ! For example , it's got a 256 color , LCD screen that rotates 360 degrees , and switches to black and white in power save mode . Also , it has a low-light mode for night shooting and touch screen menu controls that are really convenient .
Oh , it's the usual 5600x3200 resolution with 10.0 megapixels . It's got a 5xzoom , so from 28mm to 120mm the pictures look great ! I can change the resolution , too .
It has a built-in hard-wired memory , but I like to use the 64MB media cards that come with it . I can download everything onto the hard drive and then edit and enhance with different software . It takes fantastic pictures that I can either print out or E-mail to my friends .
Yes . I'm a transit passenger for this flight . Can you tell me where to go ?
Really ? I hope it hasn ’ t left without me .
Well , an important part of the duties of a secretary , I think , is to do well the preparation work for the meeting .
First of all , the agenda should be prepared before the meeting . Then you should ensure that those entitled to be present are properly informed .
All the necessary documents and the information relevant to the meeting should be available , preferably printed and distributed before the meeting .
Of course , she should take minutes .
After the meeting she should type the minutes up , and then keep proper records of the business transacted and the resolutions passed and also implement many of the decision reached at the meeting .
This is my first tourism . I don't know what should be declared .
All right . Here you are .
Yes , I have got some special local product , I want to take them for my friends .
Four bottles .
What shall I do with my two more bottles ?
All right , thank you , see you .
Most people think that wealth means success . But from my point of view , the problem should be viewed from two aspects . On the one hand , wealth is a very important thing to measure success . The ability to make money , to some extent , signifies your knowledge , your capability , the value of your labor , etc .. With the development of our economy and industry , more and more people are pursuing money these days . And in toda / s society , If you have money , you seem to have everything . But this is not the case . I think success , on the other hand , also means satisfaction from work . It also means that you can get respect from others .
Ideally , I ’ d like to have a job that will allow me to work from home several days a week . I ’ m the kind of person who can set priorities , work well independently , and set my own pace . I actually successfully worked from home for several months in my current job when a problematic pregnancy forced me to stay in bed . But I realize that many employers do not have experience with employees who work from home , and I have , of course , performed very successfully in a traditional office setting .
Very good . Basically , once our sales plan was put together , I had a great deal of freedom to handle my sales in the way I felt best .
He always says I am a hard worker with consciousness of responsibility , sufficient education , and enough experience .
They would say I am a dependable friend and a capable colleague .
Hi , is Heather there please ?
Is this 617-228-2289 ?
Heather Johnson .
Do you know where she went ?
Yes , would you please tell her Eric Martin called ?
Oh , yes . How are you ?
OK . Thanks .
Here you are .
The special today is fried chicken , and beef is good too .
Well , I'll be back in a minute .
Yeah , that's right , around five nine five ten .
I'm not sure.Medium , I suppose.Maybe a little on the heavy side .
No , I don't think so .
No .
Black or dark brown .
Straight , I think , and about average length .
Well , he had a Jacked or a Plage shirt . You know the kind of number jack wear .
Dark , maybe dark blue maybe black . I'm not sure .
Boots
No , hiking boots . Brown ones .
Hi . I need some help with these documents under L / C .
Yes . My Manager sent me in , there's a problem with the shipping time . It's been delayed quite significantly and my manager is unwilling to accept it .
Thank you . I need to get this done as soon as possible ; my manager is tearing his hair out !
Yes , Jason , right ? Nice to meet you . Welcome to Taiwan .
You had a long flight , you must be tired .
Oh , sorry to hear that . But , don worry ! Taiwan has plenty of great things to eat . First , lets get you to the hotel .
My car is in the parking lot , lets go this way . Let me help you with your bags .
We have a good variety . What decade would you like ?
There are six on this table .
Many people like the dancing figures . Two of our boxes have the figures .
That one will bring you many hours of pleasure .
I'm sorry , but if it breaks down , you're on your own .
When you buy a Model T , you can't expect a warranty .
No , I haven ’ t .
Perhaps you left that at school .
Well . Didn ’ t you go around to the Smith after school ? You might have left it there .
But she can ’ t be home now . She might have gone to the library .
Our silks are known for their quality . They are one of our traditional exports . Silk blouses are brightly colored and beautifully designed . They are greatly favored overseas and are always in great demand .
Your desire coincides with ours .
Thank you for your information . As you know , our corporation is a state-operated one . We always trade with foreign countries on the basis of equality and mutual benefit . I have no doubt that it will bring about benefit between us .
We will make an offer as soon as possible . I hope a lot of business will be put through between us .
I hope everything will be smooth .
I will give you the lowest price in the future .
Knock on wood . But I have a very important date .
The choice of destination is very important . It will too energetic for the old people if you make an excursion or go to climb mountains . But they'll be interested in going to the historical places of interest where they can have fun .
That's a good idea . That will allow both you and your parents to enjoy yourselves .
It's some medicine the doctor recommends . If you leave it at home , you will find it difficult to face up when the old people suffered a seizure .
You'd better have all a light schedule . You can rest up for a few days if your parents find tired 。
Yes , that's right . Having an enjoyable time together is the goal .
Sit down here - don't put any pressure on it . I'd better call the company doctor .
Of course , sir , I'll have a look in the back .
I'm afraid I haven't got one in your size .
There're a lot of chuckholes on this old highway . Driving on it is experience-demanding .
Ok . You drive and do be careful .
Sorry . No . You need to transfer to a connect flight in the middle .
You have to do it . But it takes only about 30 minutes .
It has become more time saving .
Yes , one last thing . How much holiday time do you give your employees every year ?
How about sick days ?
Any other benefits ?
Great . Thanks so much for your time .
I feel my greatest asset is perseverance , that is , the ability to stick to things to get them done .
I feel a sense of accomplishment when I finish a job and it turned out just as I'd planned .
Not really . I like looking on the internet at what ’ s available , but I usually prefer to actually see and touch what I ’ m buying before I pay for it . Sometimes , I ’ ll look at something in a shop , but later buy it online if it ’ s cheaper . You don ’ t like buying things online , do you ?
Not really . I know that it happens , but if you buy from reputable companies with secure websites , you should be ok . Even though I use online shopping facilities , I don ’ t think it ’ s the best way to shop .
I do . I ’ m a big fan of using new technology , but I don ’ t want to sit in front of a computer screen all day . I think people need to get out and interact with other people .
Sure . I ’ d love to join you . Can we stop by the computer store ? I just want to see if they have something .
Ok . I ’ Ve finished online . Let ’ s go . I ’ ll just get some money and my credit card .
Hey , that's not fair . I did as much work as you .
Oh , sure . How are you ? Long time no see . How are things at Lemans ?
No , not at all . Go ahead .
Well , I can't speak for all universities , but my salary is a definitely lower than at Lemans . I just don't think the salaries are comparable when you leave a major corporation .
I'd have to say yes and no on that . I don't get a big end-of-the-year bonus like I did at Lemans but I get to take classes for free if I want to . I've always wanted to get a graduate degree so I'm taking classes now to do that .
Yeah , I guess I am . Working at a university is really suits me .
Tom , the new sales representative ? Nice to meet you ! I'm Melinda .
Now let me show you around . This is our reception area , and our conference room is right over there . Over there is the sales department .
Yeah ... You can make photocopies and send faxes over there .
I tell you what just between you and me , we just mess things up so that it looks like we work hard.Just kidding . Oh , your cubicle is over the . And this way . Those are all private offices--the managers ' offices .
Sure thing .
Yes , it's far quicker and less complicated .
Really ?
Yes , and seven days a week .
Follow me , please .
No , you don't have to .
All right , Mr . Green .
Pretty well . Everyone is working hard .
You mean I'm among the people who have to go ?
Did I do something wrong ?
But you know I've been working very hard . And I have a family to support .
No problem . But how ?
Ok . I am done . You have nothing on the list left behind . But I suggest you take sneakers with you .
It is necessary for you to walk on the street . Otherwise , it will be not good to wear high heeled shoes .
You do need to take some medicines with you . Just in case .
Don't go to too much trouble .
Let me see ... One or two bedrooms ?
Fine , sir . We can accommodate you .
No , sir . We don't allow dogs or cats .
Fine . See you on the 18th .
Yes . How would you like it ?
OK , here you are .
It's OK .
how long is it altogether ?
that sounds OK . So , we start here at the car park and walk along the path to the waterfall .
then we will follow this path down the hill to the old church .
this path leads to the cave . Can we look inside the cave ?
then we turn south and come back to the car park along this path .
how long do you think it will take us to complete the walk ?
that ’ s fine . Are there signposts along the way , in case we get lost ?
Just so-so.You ' re doing all right ?
No thanks .
I need to get a Letter of Credit . Is this the right window ?
Yes , right here in my brief case . Just a moment , please .
That's done . There is more than enough to cover the contract amount in our account .
In three months or so ?
Did I ? Well . Anyway , you'll get your raise when the economy starts picking up .
Yes .
How do you do ? My name is John White .
The pleasure is all mine .
Sure . We've got a lot to do in a short time . We're planning to shut the line at midday on Wednesday and start up again at 6 pm the following day . We might need to extend the shut by about six hours .
Not really . We need to dismantle the conveyor belt and replace the rollers .
Eight o'clock . It's time for you to get up and have breakfast .
You won't go to work today , Steven , It's Sunday . Come and have breakfast now .
You have been too tired recently , darling . That's why I didn't wake you up this morning . After breakfast , you can go to sleep again .
Do you have a reservation ?
Let me see if I can fit you in . What kind of room do you want ?
Smoking or non-smoking ?
You are in luck , we have one free .
That will be 600 RIB . Could I have your credit card please ?
A debit card will be fine .
Are you nuts ? It's the President of the United States in lingerie !
What's next ? Tony Blair in high heels ?
Inspiration can come in the strangest ways ...
Yes , we have several rooms available . Would you like two twin beds or one queen size bed ?
The check in time is 2 p . m . If you get here before that time the room won't be ready .
We offer a complementary breakfast buffet and free parking .
Thank you . Your confirmation number is 611273 .
I ’ m afraid you ’ re going in the opposite direction .
I think a cab is better .
Thanks ! These are beautiful . You shouldn ’ t have !
I forgot what I put up with in that case . I do deserve these flowers .
I helped my boss organize some grand ceremonies and maintained close relations with newspapers , magazines , the radio and the TV .
If I am not in the service center , I will assist others in resolving the consumer complaints . And pass the criticism on to the relevant department .
All right .
What would you suggest ?
I'd like the beef .
No , I'd rather have a glass of juice , please . What kinds do you have ?
I'll have a glass of lemonade . More ice , please .
Could you give me more paper napkins ?
Thanks .
My name is Steven and I live in Beijing . I was born in 1980 . I have graduated from Peking University . I majored in business administration .
I have been a production manager .
I introduced an advanced product line , which increased the output and lessened the cost .
I have experience in computer operation , proficiency in Microsoft Word and Microsoft Excel .
Because the job I am doing in my present company is of no challenge , but I like challenge . Your firm is a young organization with many innovative ideas . It has been very successful in expanding market since its establishment 10 years ago . Working for you would be exactly the sort of challenge I am looking for .
Thank you , Mr . Smith .
Alright and what is your name , please ?
Ah , yes , here you are Ms . Gleason . You reserved a single , right ?
Do you mind being next to the elevator ?
Spacious , bright and clean.And the walls were newly painted .
Not really .
It's great !
Hello . I'm thinking about watching a Chinese traditional opera with a foreign girl . What's on this weekend ?
It's a good thing that I have choices here . Can you tell me about the one on Saturday ?
What about the performance itself ?
Wow , a story about the clever Monkey King . It's a classic and children's favorite .
Wonderful ! How much is the ticket ?
Two for the front . One last thing , are there any English subtitles for the show ?
Terrific . May I stop by to get that two tickets tomorrow afternoon ?
B . S-H-I-R-L-E-Y .
Good morning , Mr . Thomas , it is nice to see you too .
I ’ Ve worked in the field for more than 4 years . Depend on my work qualifications and experience , I would like to have 5000 Yuan to start .
It is a bit lower than I expected . But I can accept that . What are the working hours ?
Do I have to work on weekend ? If so , how do you pay for the overtime ?
Is there probation ?
I've come in to give you the documents under the L / C we opened , the new one . This lot are from Singapore , a new customer .
Yes , with a fine toothed comb , as usual . Everything seems fine , except for one thing . The description of the items we are purchasing is a little different from what we expected .
Not really , perhaps just a translation problem , that's all . Anyway , we've agreed to accept it .
That is very kind of you , Mr Lee . Thank you .
Of course . It ’ s a terrible night , isn ’ t it ?
Thank you .
Of course , Debbie . Let me look at my schedule , - - I have some free time on the 12th . That ’ s this Thursday at 9:00 a . m .
Certainly . I ’ Ve already worked out a general budget for all the departments .
It can ’ t be time to get up yet .
What ’ s the time ?
My watch says ten past .
Are you sure half past seven ?
( And here is the seven o ’ clock news ) It ’ s only seven o ’ clock . Your watch is fast .
I could have stayed in bed for another half hour .
Yes , let me have this roast beef special .
I will have the green peas and make sure the beef is well done .
A cup of coffee , please , with cream and sugar .
Oh , yes .
What comes with the special ?
I think I will have a dish of Vanilla ice cream .
Waiter , may I have my check , please ?
I am sorry , sir , there are still 5 minutes remaining ... OK , it's time . We will take a roll call before starting the fantasy sightseeing .
For about 3 hours . Enjoy your trip .
I was born in London , but I spent most of my childhood in Hongkong .
I had a pretty strict up-bring , and my parents and I were always fighting about it .
Oh , sure . Once they reached middle age , they became a lot less uptight .
My parents wanted me to stay in Hongkong , but I decided to go back to England , I graduated from Oxford University with a degree in English literature .
I ’ m a freelance writer . i write magazine articles and fiction books
No , I didn ’ t . I was an english teacher for about five years , but by the time I was thirty , I decided I want a fresh challenge .
I started writing margin articles for fun , and eventually was asked to write a book , so I was pretty lucky .
Yes , it ’ s about a group of friends living in a foreign country , and all the strange experiences they have
Ah , yes , that's right .
Hello , I was just looking for the guide .
Not bad . But I've made too many flights these days . I could hardly remember how many take-offs and landings I've been through these three days . I think we all feel a bit tired .
Wonderful . I'm eager to take a sauna as soon as possible .
I am sure we will . Actually , we are looking forward to seeing the great wonder .
Fine , let's go .
Why do you say that ?
Thank God , we haven't encountered a burglar . I hope that our house is secure against burglary .
Is the security door useful ?
I totally agree with you . In this way I won't be afraid of the burglar if you are away .
Did you think it wasn't real ? That's my pet lizard .
His name is Grunt . Come closer and I'll properly introduce you .
No , he's perfectly harmless . And he's not afraid of strangers either . Here , hold him .
Stick around and you'll get to know him better . He has a very unusual personality .
Thank you for your instruction . I really need to know the rules before I play the game , so I can know more about our company .
Set your heart at rest . I keep this in my mind .
An outlet carries cheap cashmere sweaters .
I've always had good luck at outlets .
I hope you find a nice sweater .
I like the new shirt .
Oh , I prefer it loose
Yes , I'm rather good at driving .
Yes , but do you have your learner's permit ?
Have you ever driven a car before ?
Are you aware of all the controls in the car ?
When would you like me to start teaching you ?
Call me tomorrow , and we'll get started .
About 50 miles .
No , but we ’ Ve got a hurry . It will be the rush hour soon .
But it ’ s Friday today . This road is always jam packed during the weekend , isn ’ t it ?
We have some fresh red roses .
Twenty dollars per dozen .
Yes , that is today's sale price .
Is there anything else you'd like to get ?
I'm sure your wife will love them .
Don ’ t put me on the spot . You know , I can ’ t do that .
I've got a sore throat and my chest hurts .
Yes , I ache all over .
A little bit .
It's gone completely .
Is that all doctor ?
Thank you , doctor . Goodbye .
Can you recommend some popular tour ?
Two weeks and I would like to go abroad .
Yes , of course . I will book the tour .
Good morning . I'd like to have a haircut .
Please cut the sides shorter , but not so much at the back .
That's a good idea . But leave the front as it is now .
Very good , thanks .
No , thanks .
When would you like to fly ?
I will check , please hold on . Sorry to say that flight is all booked up . Can I book you for the 3rd of September ?
How many people are there in your party ?
What class will you fly ? First class ? Business class ? Or economy class ?
Round trip or one way trip ?
How will you pay , cash or charge ?
I am sorry , we do not accept checks .
Great . What name shall I put the reservation under ?
You are booked , Ms . Green .
It's a pleasure .
Yes , it is a queer drug , a tonic only available in China . Many ancient Chinese medicine journals have recorded that it can cure such ailments as night sweat , pain at loins and knees and anaemia . It has no side effect .
Yes , madam . Fill 3 or 5 pieces of Cordyceps into a cleaned and chopped open duck's head and cook with the whole duck . Or stew Cordyceps with chicken .
Please don't eat turnip and garlic when taking this medicine .
You've come to the right store . We've got a beautiful and wide selection of necklaces for you to choose from .
Do you mean the exquisite golden necklace ?
It costs only two thousand yuan .
Yes , it is , and the lustre will never fade out .
Thank you for your coming .
So long !
Hello . This is Jones . I'd like to speak to Mr . Chen .
I'd like to discuss the new order with you . Would you like to have lunch together at Garden Hotel next Tuesday ?
That's a pity . Does Friday suit you ?
Is 12 o'clock convenient for you ?
Yes . Which one is the brake again ?
I ’ m glad this car is an automatic . I don't like having to change gears .
You should also put yours on . you never know what will happen with me in the driver ’ s seat !
I can ’ t see anything out of the side mirror on your side of the car . Could you move it forward a bit , please ?
That ’ s better . Now what ?
The tank is almost empty . I guess I ’ ll drive to the petrol station to fill it up .
I got it . Don ’ t worry . I ’ ll get you there in one piece .
Why does that cop car behind me have its red lights on ?
OK . Would you like to file them according to dates ?
Yes , I will .
When do you expect it to be finished ?
All right .
I have just left school , but I am well acquainted with office work .
Since leaving school , I have attended typewriting and shorthand classes , and have now attained a speed of fifty and ninety works respectively .
I know how to gather and summarize information from the Intent , which is an essential skill for market analysis .
I am a good accountant and have a thorough knowledge of the English language .
What's the fare , please ?
Is this the right bus to Zizhuyuan Park ?
But somebody told me this was the right bus to take . I want to go to Tian'anmen Square , you see .
Would you please let me know when we get there ?
I am afraid not . I haven't worked in an American company so far .
The first is accounting entity , and the second is going concern . The third is measuring unit . The fourth is accounting period , and the fifth is objectivity .
I am the manager here . You can complain to me . How may I help you ?
I apologize for everything disturbing you . We will give another room to you right now . Please wait a moment .
Yes , I agree . We can see the scenery better . In a bus , all you see are the roads .
I agree . Buses bounce too much . After two or three hours , you feel too tired .
Beautiful .
I don't know if it will turn out good.The window might cause the picture to be blurry .
Can I help you ?
uh ... Yes . Turn right , then take the second turning on your left .
It ’ s about fifteen minutes ’ walk . That ’ s all .
Yes . It ’ s on this street . Keep walking for two blocks and it ’ s on the corner on the right .
You are welcome . Good luck .
I want a job in which I can use English , I would also like to be able to have some responsibility in my work .
Yes , I see . In my previous job , I did typing and filing everyday .
Well , not exactly , but I have shown some of my foreign friends around Beijing .
I think I would like that .
Oh , great ! Let's discuss it together . Now , when am I off then ?
What time exactly ?
Oh , am I seeing Mr . Li ?
I've got a schedule !
maybe that's why some young chaps often spend a whole afternoon in a coffee bar , surfing the net or just typewriting something with laptop . While they are savoring a coffee at a leisured pace , they
then what about tea ? We need to bear in mind in the first place that tea , rather than coffee , has been the most popular drink for the Chinese people .
what a pity that the traditional teahouses , as depicted Lao She , keep fading away so quickly in this metropolis . It is not easy to find an old-fashioned teahouse that suits the ordinary people's spend
How did I do ?
Really ? I thought I was doing well .
Glad to meet you , Mrs.Tina .
That's what I understand .
Exactly my understanding .
Yes , I have .
Just one . I noticed an item about flex-time.Is that a possibility for me ?
That's acceptable .
Well , your insurance covers sufficient money to replace it . So you don ’ t need to worry .
Since you are not the one who caused the accident , your insurance cost should be the same .
If you got a smaller car , the cost should be a little less depending on the model , age , and size . Would you still want full coverage ?
What size do you want it to be ?
Oh , I see , that's the size of 12 x 18cm . How many prints do you want to have ?
Let me see . Eleven yuan .
This is your change .
Yes . Is it easy to get around ?
How about the subway ?
Good morning , sweetie . You finally got up .
Did you stay up late last night ?
No , I haven't .
I have been studying .
Do you know if it costs any money to take it ?
All right . Do you know if the test covers the whole book ?
Did you pass it the first time that you took it ?
Well , I hope that I do well .
I'm going to do some shopping .
What's on TV tonight ? Is there a football match ?
Really ? Who will play ?
That's cool . I'll watch it .
There is no doubt that the Brazilian team will win .
I'm interested in applying for a credit card with you .
Yes , I've had a Current Account with a debit card with you for years . Now , I'm looking at upgrading to a credit card .
When I opened the account with you , I was a student , I graduated a couple of years ago and have a steady salary , so I figured now would be the best time to go ahead .
As you can see from the statements for my Current Account , I have never been overdrawn . I'm always very careful about that .
Can you describe your health concern ?
Are you in pain ?
Would Tuesday or Wednesday be best for you ?
I will write you in for that day at 4
I will write you in on that doctor ’ s schedule . See you then .
Yes , I worked as a doctor at Beijing People's Hospital .
A little over 3 years .
I worked in the Infection Medicine Division .
Here ’ s an ad . about a big sale of washing machine . Do you want to see it ?
Why not ? What about us doing it right now ?
So let's head there . We'd better hurry up .
Yes . Can I help you ?
Yes , you could if it's kept intact . But don't you want to get a bigger size ?
Are they ? In that case , I'll be glad to give your money back .
Never mind . It ’ s just my duty .
I would like to rent a car with a good stereo .
Good . I am here visiting my girlfriend . I want her to have a good time .
This is a Porsche !
But I probably can't afford it . It must be really expensive .
But how can you do that ?
Yes , it almost looks new .
Nothing . What's going on with you ?
I had no idea .
I didn't hear anything about it .
What time ?
I'll go .
No doubt .
Ha , I am flattered . Actually , when it comes to negotiate , you don ’ t need to like it . You just need to understand how it works .
Well , generally speaking , if you want to change someone ’ s mind or understand his position , you have to put yourself in his shoes . Understand his need and the cost for his need . And then you work together to find a solution .
Ok , as John after Kennedy put it , let us never negotiate out of fear , but let us never fear to negotiate .
It's no problem . I was really missing you anyway .
Why haven't you tried to come see me then ?
Doing what ?
I would've come to see you sooner , but I've been busy too .
I've been working too .
I am too .
I want to change my hairstyle . What would you suggest ?
Do you think it will suit me ?
Ok , I'll have it for a change .
I ’ Ve been really busy . How is everything ?
Yeah , why not ? I ’ Ve got a little free time on my hands . Where do you want to eat ?
I am afraid there isn ’ t .
There is a desk and two chairs .
They are behind the door .
Yes , I would like to check in .
Yes , my name is Steven Smith . I have a reservation from October 2nd to October 6th . I called last week .
Yes , that's right .
OK . By the way , where is the restaurant ?
Thank you .
OK , but I think you should keep an eye on your plan if you see what I mean .
No buts . The thing is to cut down your expense , Judie .
That would be WebTracker . We're heard they're almost ready . That's why we have to finish first .
Right . And that would be a total giga-bummer .
It's me . What can I do for you ?
Are you Mr . Wu ?
Nice to meet you , too . Did you have any difficulty finding our company ?
I have a really bad toothache ! My cheek is swollen and I can ’ t eat anything .
When you pull my tooth will you also have to extract the nerve and the root ?
I guess that ’ s what I get for not flossing or brushing my teeth three times a day .
Yes . I'm looking for some perfume . Do you have perfumes with a light scent ?
It does smell good , How much is it ?
OK . I'll take this one .
what did you argue about ?
well , he should pay you back . It ’ s only fair .
did you lend him a lot of money ?
well , talk to him about it next time you see him . He probably feels as bad about it as you do . Close friends sometimes have disagreements . It ’ s nothing unusual . Neither of you said anything r
of course you should . You wouldn ’ t want a silly argument to ruin a long friendship , would you ?
I need to make an appointment to see the doctor .
Good , but can you tell me how to get to your office ?
Very well . We have some fresh red roses .
$ 20 per dozen .
Yes , they're on sale today .
Splendid . Will there be anything else ?
I'm sure your wife will love them .
Yes . I ’ Ve get a small room .
35.00 dollars a week , but I don ’ t allow smoking .
Would you mind waiting ? I ’ m on the telephone .
I am sorry , miss , it's not allowed unless you want to buy it .
OK , here you are . The fitting room is behind the curtain .
Of course . Here you are . Can I take your order now ?
All right . Can I serve you anything else ?
You've got it , sir .
Four weeks .
I'm here on business .
I import canned food .
I have not given it much thought . Do you have any good suggestions ?
I have been there . It is in the middle of the mountains . It is not noisy there and you have to be a vegetarian .
Does it have enough lodging ?
There are many ancient pine trees there . It is especially quiet at night . It is wonderful to listen to the monks chanting while listening to the soothing sound of the winds in the pine trees .
Take some thick clothes with you . It is rather cold there at night . If you wear the T-shirt you're wearing now , you will become a ' popsicle ' .
If you like taking pictures , you may bring a camera with you .
Hello , Kristy . Could I speak to the department that deals with credit card applications , please ?
The personal card , please . Is it possible to take care of this over the phone ?
OK ... and what deposit do I need ? I mean , is there a minimum deposit ?
That's no problem . How long will the whole thing take ? A week ? 10 days ?
Right , I'll contact my guarantor now and we'll come in within the next couple of days . Thanks very much for your help . Goodbye .
I'll have to look . What do you want it for ?
I can give you quarters , if that'll help .
I can ’ t believe it .
I plan on going back to school .
I ’ m not sure yet , but I plan to do good things .
I have no plans on being back .
That ’ s true .
I ’ m going to be fine .
Everyone has his own habits , but these habits are not very good . The noise often spoils other people ’ s appetite .
The westerners use knives and forks to eat so it is complicated . The Chinese use a pair of chopsticks and eat out of the same plate . I assume it is less complicated , right ?
It seems that people share the same basic sense of etiquette regardless of their background . Apart from the different tools used for eating we seem to follow the same principles . We do not let inappropriate manners spoil other people ’ s appetite.Westerners like to say , “ bon appetite ” before meals which is one way to suggest “ mind your table manners . ” Is there such an expression in Chinese ?
No , thanks . I'm just looking .
No , madam . May I help you ?
No problem.Step in , please .
Does that include some kind of " Love , Amy Card " ?
Mmmm ... I'll have to think about it .
How do you do ?
Oh , no . It was easy . Your office sent me a map .
That ’ s OK . Thank you for seeing me .
Thank you .
OK .
Actually , it could have been better .
It is a new restaurant . I don't think they have their act together yet .
I felt that the food was pretty mediocre .
I agree . The service was not good .
No , I think that I've had enough of this restaurant .
I like the style but it is a little tight in the waist .
This one fits me well but it is too expensive , can you make it a little cheaper ?
Yes , I've watched the finale for the ' Super Girl ' . The producer is very smart to copy the program from the US , which is quite fresh and eye-catching for mainland audiences .
That ' s why the program has attracted so many star-wanna-bes .
Yeah , these programs are gradually losing their appeal .
And they lack originality . Talent shows like ' Super Girl ' and ' Super Boy ' are largely clones of ' The American Idol ' .
I think producers are underestimating the audience . They should think of better ways to entertain the general public .
I noticed there ’ s a jam a few blocks away .
I ’ m afraid I ’ ll be late .
Buy more and get more special discount coupons .
Of course You get a coupon for every 3 bags of sugar .
10 pence off if you use this coupon .
Yeah , you need to take advantage of it within its expiry date .
The coupon can be used at least one year .
All right . I will get them for you .
Here , Ma ’ am please get on the stretcher .
Calm down , sir . We ’ ll call her to make sure she ’ s on the way .
How long has she been in labor ?
O . K . Are you planning on being in the delivery room , sir ?
Please follow the nurse . She ’ ll get you ready .
Oh , yeah ! He can sit down , roll over , and even play dead .
Yup.Hey , do you want to see a picture ? See , he's eating lunch .
See , he's wagging his tail .
Good morning , I'd like a haircut .
Just a trim will do .
Hello . I'm sorry to tell you that I've lost my credit card this morning . I want to report the loss and replace a card .
Done !
Thank goodness .
OK ! Thank you very much . See you a week later .
It ’ s very nice meeting you , too .
What would you like to ask me ?
I feel that people can love who they want .
Of course !
I can ’ t help that .
I hope so .
I'd like to have a sightseeing tour in South Africa . Do you provide a package tour ?
What interesting places shall we visit ?
How many days shall we spend on the trip ?
Sounds good .
Certainly . What can I do for you ?
Do you know what size he wears ?
And what color would you like ?
Okay . Let's see . . . a size 36 dark brown leather belt . Oh , yes . Her e we are . Do you think your husband will like this one ?
Will this be cash or charge ?
No , I'm afraid not . We only accept our own store credit card .
I don't think dieting is good for you . It's much better to eat a balanced diet and to never get overweight to begin with !
They need to eat healthy foods , but they also have to increase the amount of physical exercise every day . They don't have to cut out fattening foods altogether , though .
Sure , they can eat some chocolate . As long as they are exercising and eating mostly healthy foods , there's nothing wrong with having a small dessert .
Many people gain weight by drinking far too much soda . Soda should be treated seriously ; there's simply no nutritional value in it whatsoever .
I used to take vitamins every day , but I don't take them anymore . Vitamins are good as a supplement , but they don't do much good if you don't have a well-balanced diet to start .
You might not believe this , but I used to be twice the size that I am now !
He is a dishonest man and always tells a cock and bull story .
Yes , speaking .
Oh , I'm sorry , but I've just accepted another offer that I feel is more suitable to my needs .
Yes , I liked it the first moment I pulled up to it .
If you like the outside , you are going to really love the inside .
You ’ ll notice that the window treatments , carpeting , and drapes are all new .
Follow me into the kitchen . You will love it .
The best part is the bedroom and attached bathroom .
Let ’ s take a few pictures so that we can remember what we like about this home .
Yes , I'd like to withdraw some money .
OK . Here's my bank book , is that all right ?
In 50 Yuan or 100 Yuan would be fine .
Thanks .
Yes , we have insurance against old age , medical problems , unemployment , work injury and childbirth .
Insurance against old age , medical problems , unemployment will be paid by both the company and you , and the others by the company .
Well , you are behind in your rent ; it ’ s a 30 - day notice to vacate .
You have been late with your rent several times now . I am filing suit for back rent to protect myself .
This notice is to let you know that you will be evicted by a sheriff if you don ’ t make good on your rent .
You can stay if you catch up and stay caught up . Otherwise , I will find another renter .
Thank you . Please make sure that you pay with cash or a cashier ’ s check .
It runs every 15 minutes . You must have missed it .
Yes , I do . You can buy a bus schedule in a news stand .
Yes , it is .
No . The Museum is the terminal of this bus .
You are welcome .
Actually it was the most interesting day I ’ Ve had so far .
I did ! I found this lovely teapot . It was the best one I saw in the shops .
I took a taxi . It seemed the easiest thing to do .
I did actually but I think I met some of the friendliest people in China . They soon showed me the way !
Yes ?
Certainly.Go along Queen's Road ...
Yes , and turn right at the Hilton Hotel .
Then go up Garden Road , past the Cathedral .
Yes.Then cross the road at the next traffic lights.The Peak Tram is straight ahead.You can't miss it .
Yes.Why ?
Yes .
Do you know where Dawanglu is ?
You can take me there ?
That's good .
Let's go .
One bottle of perfume and a watch .
In Boston .
Oh ... I go to see my sister twice a year or so .
Nearly ten years .
I can't remember , but I've got the receipt somewhere . Would you like to see it ?
Yes . Does that mean I'll have to pay duty on it ?
Ok . Here you are . Is that all right now ?
Yes , I did . I had a fine time .
Fine , just get it ! We have been shopping for furniture for five hours ! I ’ m so tired !
Fine ! I am going to go home and drop off this nightstand , coffee table and love seat while you look for the rest of the things .
While you are at it can you pick out a nice recliner ? I really want one so I can watch TV .
How about this floor lamp ?
We still need to find an armoire and a dresser .
Great ! Pick me up in about an hour because I think I ’ ll also get a bean bag and a dining set .
Recliner ? In my beautifully decorated living room ? I don ’ t think so !
I'm glad you like them . They are all made of silk . Here on display are all the most popular and favorite products . What items are you particularly interested in ?
Yes . It is the latest product and is highly recommended because of its fine design and quality . You certainly have an eye for good things .
Here is the catalogue and the price list . You can take a look .
No problem .
Is there anything special they would like to do ?
That can easily be arranged . I will arrange a comfortable meeting room for them . Anything else ?
I will set it up .
Yes . I'll be with you in a second . Yes , sir ? What is the problem ?
What did you order ?
There must be a mistake . Those are fried oysters . Would you like to keep it or change ?
Just a moment and I'll get your order right away . Sorry to cause the inconvenience .
I'm sorry but we are fully booked .
That's fine , but we have only a single room , is that OK ?
I need the number for John Reese ’ s office .
Tell me where you need to get on at .
If you don't mind walking , I know a bus you can take .
Walk all the way down Fair Oaks , and catch the 267 on Altadena Drive .
You have to catch it going west .
You need to get off on the corner of Del Mar and Hill .
It was my pleasure .
It's my pleasure . How many copies would you want ?
Yes , sir . Will there be anything else ?
Your document will be ready in about ten minutes .
What do you want ?
What kind of food do you want to get ?
Do you know where you're going to get it ?
I go to Panda Express for my Chinese food .
I really like the food .
I think you'll enjoy the food .
I'm the manager . How can I help you ?
Why , yes , it is . Would you like to get a look inside the apartment ?
How about today at 6 o'clock ?
Sounds good . I'll see you at 6 . Do you want directions ?
If you like the place , you can fill out an application form . I'll bring one with me .
No . I won't need to see anything except your driver's license .
We can inform the department in charge and ask for revocation of passport .
We need a detention warrant .
How do you want your egg cooked ?
Okay , it'll be ready in two minutes .
Good evening . May I help you ?
Oh , no , never . What's the exact time you'd like us to call you tomorrow morning ?
It won't take long . 20 minutes is enough . Is that OK if I call you at 6:30 a . m . ?
It's a pleasure . Good night . Have a good sleep .
It's a one-year lease .
No , all the leases are for one year . We don't have month-to-month leases .
You're welcome .
Is this the accounting department ?
Thanks . I appreciate that .
Then it wasn't meant to be . Some people have put up a hard fight for some items I bid on . But I was the sole bidder for this bag and got it dirt-cheap .
Sure . I've even e-mailed some people who had bought from the person who sold this bag .
They said he was an honest and professional businessman . But that's the exciting part . It's kind of like gambling ...
Good morning . How can I help you ?
Very well .
About five years .
There is my wife who does the accounts and my brother who helps with the sales .
Yes , we are a small family business .
That depends on the day . We sell from here and on the Internet . I would say about twenty to thirty per week .
That's correct .
Thank you and goodbye .
Yes , I do it a lot.but I don't like doing dishes.what about you , do you like cooking and then cleaning up afterwards ?
Suppose you have to do one of the two , which do you prefer ?
I prefer the absent.the way I see it , to do the dishes is boring .
What ?
Will you do the dishes after the meal ?
Good morning.Mr.Green.My name is Helen.What can I do for you ?
Yes.Are you interested in the job ?
Have you eve worked with tape recorders before ?
Good.There are many different kind of language labs , but ours is a small one.If you decide to take the job , I'll explain how to operate the system , Are you sure ?
Ten hours a week.From Monday to Friday , from 4 to 6 P . m . , and $ 150 a week .
Fine.Please fill out the application form .
Let's see . It says that you were charged Monday at 9:00 p . m . for the movie ' Titanic . '
Okay , let me see what I can do for you .
I can take the $ 10 off your bill , but I need to charge you $ 2 for the service .
Unfortunately , sir , it's how the computer is programmed .
I'm sorry , sir . Perhaps you'd like to write a letter to headquarters .
We've been looking forward to your visit . It is a great pleasure for us to have you as our guest . It is always more convenient to discuss things face to face .
We've received some similar comments from other Australian firms too .
We appreciate your good intention and your effort in pushing the sale of our slippers . As you know , the demand for this item in your market is quite substantial . However , according to our records , the total amount of your order last year was moderate , which does not warrant an agency appointment . Unless you increase the turnover we can hardly appoint you our sole agent .
As far as I remember , we sold about 40,000 pairs last year to you alone . Don't you think this annual turnover is rather conserve - time for a sole agent ?
Let's put it this way . I propose a sole agency agreement for Ladies and gents plastic slippers ( excluding children's ) for a duration of 3 years ; 60,000 pairs to be sold in the first year , 70,000 pairs in the second year , and 80,000 pairs in the third year , the area is to be within the continent of Australia ( excluding any neighboring island ) , commission 5 % .
On the contrary , Mr . London , we value your friendship more than anything else . We both understand our slippers are very popular in your market on account of their superior quality and compete - time price . And with the sole agency in your hand , there will be no competition and you can easily control the market , which would naturally result in bigger sales . I'm sure you can fulfill the agreement without much difficulty .
Tomorrow afternoon .
Well , we've got some great mangoes on sale .
Well , it's a fruit with a big seed in it .
No . Peel the skin with a sharp knife , and throw out the seed .
Well , they're on sale today for only $ 1 each .
They usually taste sweet , but they remind me of an orange .
You can buy them either ripe or unripe . Unripe ones are hard .
The ones that are on sale are from Central America .
Yes , what's in the package , madam ?
How would you like to send it ?
Do you want to insure it ?
3 dollars .
Sorry , I'm not really that interested in those things .
Really ?
Oh . I don't care about that .
Are they ?
I'm afraid I'm not interested in fashion . There are so many other really important things in the world .
Just a second . I'll have to check that . Anything else I can do for you ?
There you go .
But they are closed today .
Have you already forgotten ? What's the date today ?
You forgot all about it , didn't you ?
What's that ?
Better not forget that , so kill you if you don't get her something .
I don't think drinking requires any special purposes . For us people in the West , the purpose is generally quite simple-to savor the wine .
And to make matters worse , you're urged to drink " one more cup time and again.There is too much etiquette to observe . You'II be set free at a Western banquet It seems we are keen to make it convenient as possible to savor the wine , its color , its aroma and its delicate taste .
Yes . For me , who can't hold much liquor , it's particularly agreeable . If only I had thechance to enjoy Chinese Matai at a leisured pace while sitting at a Western banquet !
It's called ' Endless Love ' . It was a gift from a sister city in Australia for the 100th anniversary of the city .
Just two months ago . There were very big celebrations and there was a spectacular fireworks display . I took part in the great parade myself .
Yes . We all loved the celebration of our city's birthday . It made the people feel so proud of our city .
Yes , very . I thought the last speaker was especially good .
How do you do ? I'm Mary Green .
Green , G-R-E-E-N , but just call me Mary .
Glad to meet you .
Yes . There's one on the corner of 23th street .
Just walk north for 3 blocks . It's next to the Mexico restaurant .
Oh , very close . Maybe 5 minutes walk .
Yes , ma'am . Here we are .
30 dollars , ma'am .
Yes , but we need some extra charge and some tip , too .
OK , ma'am . Calm down , 15 dollars will do .
Yes , Mr . Michael ?
I ’ m sorry , Mr . Michael . Could you tell me where the problems are exactly ? Maybe I misunderstood the client ’ s intentions .
Here you are.That comes to 120 yuan .
Certainly , sir.Would you sign here , please ? ... Thank you .
I think you will get a big bonus , because you always have high sales .
Yes , I am expecting to get the bonus . I hope we will both get the salary and bonus .
To visit our supplier ?
Well , I guess you will meet many people in this field . So don ’ t forget to pack enough business cards in your suitcase .
By the way , do you know that our company just made some changes in the business trip policy ?
Ok , there is no cash advance anymore for short trips . You have to pay out of your own pocket , so save all the receipts from your business trip . And then attach them to your expense account . When you get back , our company will reimburse everything .
I am not sure . You can check with the finance department .
You ’ re welcome . Have a nice trip .
What ’ s to get ready ?
Nope .
Nope .
I'd like to have Chinese food .
Right here , please .
Oh , thank you . So nice you are .
I want a cup of bean milk . Do you have any ?
Thanks a lot . Oh , excuse me . Can I take two value meals ? And I want some chili paste .
Oh , sorry to bother you . I want to know what kind of meat it is .
That's OK . Thanks very much .
OK .
Yes . Do you have a pharmacy here , please ?
Which floor are we on now ?
And where's the elevator ?
OK . Where should we go ?
Fine . I'll be ready in a minute .
No , I don't , do you ?
But , I don't believe in taking pills to get enough vitamins .
Because it's better , easier and cheaper to get them from the food we eat .
Not yet , Mr . Wang . But I'm working on it .
I just keep getting a busy signal .
All right , I'll let you know when I get through .
Oh , that's easy . Go to www.onxiu.cn . Now , click on the link with the picture of an envelope .
That one , the one that says Mail .
Don't worry . See where it says , New User ?
Click on that .
Yeah , just fill out this form and choose a password . The computer will do the rest .
About 6 in the morning . I like to walk to the office .
About 20 minutes . Do you live alone ?
How old is she ?
I think so .
sure , what would you like to discuss ?
well , I have to tell you that I'm quite surprised . Is there any possible way to change your mind ?
can I ask why ? Were you unhappy working for us ?
are you planning on studying abroad ?
have you been given a better offer ?
well , what's the problem then ?
I'm sorry to hear that , but you don't need to quit over that . Why don't you just take a leave of absence ? We can hold your job for you until your mother gets better .
sure , we'd be carry to lose a good worker like you .
Nice meeting you , too .
You can ask me questions , if you ’ d like .
Everyone should be able to love who they want .
I sure would .
That ’ s not my problem .
I ’ m glad to hear that .
You bet , Emily . Pull up a chair .
OK , let's start from the top of your pay stub . This number here represents your gross pay .
All right , I see . So the Medicare isn't actually a health insurance I can use now .
Yeah , I don't mind giving them a dollar fifty for that . So there are two separate income taxes — one at a state level and one at a federal level ?
I see . All right , well I think everything else I can figure out on my own . The deductions for health insurance and my 401 ( K ) are pretty self-explanatory . Thanks for your help , Susan .
Yeah , I guess it's the same in the UK , I just never paid much attention . See you later !
I'm here to see about a Fixed Asset Loan .
Yes , I am . But I'm not sure if I'm eligible .
For my credit worthiness ?
Yes , I need this prescription please .
Capsules are fine .
Yes , I know . It ’ s not the first time I ’ m taking this ! Don ’ t worry , I won ’ t overdose !
Oh , yes , I almost forgot ! Can I also get some eye drops and um , some condoms ?
Oh , well that ’ s okay , I ’ ll get some later , thanks ... Really it ’ s no problem .
We want to order 3,000 cases and hope to deliver the goods in two equal lots .
We'd like you to execute the first delivery by June 30 and the second delivery by August 15 .
I can agree to that .
Right .
Let's hope it's the beginning of a long and prosperous relationship .
Yes , you have to work overtime a lot due to the editing job .
No , but we ’ ll provide you with good businesses at the end of the year .
Where did you see it ?
You found an apartment in the ads ?
Tell me about the apartment .
How much is the rent for the apartment ?
That ’ s pretty cheap for out here .
Congratulations on the new apartment .
Yes , we do . That one comes in green blue and red .
Oh , that's 39 dollars and 95 cents . It's on the sale at the moment .
I'll just go and check for you .
Do you have stocks or a title deed of a house to pledge as security ?
We do not allow any request for a loan against personal security . This is a common regulation . But we may consider it if you can provide a reliable guarantor .
Good . He is a man of high standing . I think we can grant the loan you need after some further discussion . But I suggest you borrow on overdraft instead of on loan .
Sure . What kind of apartment are you looking for ?
OK . Would you like to live in a studio ?
Certainly . It's right over there .
What exactly is wrong with the plumbing ?
Are there any problems with the plumbing in the kitchen ?
How long have you had these problems ?
I will send someone out to take a look at the problem . Will you be home this afternoon ?
Fine . I will be there around two . If someone is not there , I will use my key to get in .
No , not yet . Is it good ?
Oh , she's good . She must be getting on a bit now .
So what's the movie about ?
Huh ?
I see . Batwoman married the boss ?
Wait a minute , I'm lost . The cop killed the boss ?
And Sharon Stone is Batwoman ?
I need a phone card for this new cell phone .
It's for my daughter who is still a senior high school student .
What's special with the service ?
That's nice . And I need a pre-paid phone card .
Oh , good . Then what is it ?
May I have two of them ?
Okay , then a third one for my husband too .
Hello . I'd like to make a call to Australia .
Oh , can I ?
Could you please tell me the international prefix and the country code for Australia ?
What time do the special rates apply ?
I wonder if I can charge this call to my hotel room .
This is Mr . Ma in room 215 .
Thanks very much for your help .
Bye .
I am looking for cologne , small bottle . Can I see that one in the glass shelf ?
It's too expensive .
What's the difference between the two ?
Let me see .
Is this line for non-residents ?
Ok . Here's my passport .
I think it's soon , maybe in a few months . It was renewed in Beijing , so the new expiry date is on the last page .
I won't .
No , I don't have anything to declare .
I'll be here for about a year .
I'll be studying . I'm doing an MBA at Nottingham University .
I have a housing contract with the university . I'll be in a dorm room on campus .
My father has already paid for that in advance . Here are the receipts .
Thank you very much .
Easy for you to say . My bottom still stings .
Can't we go to McDonald's first ?
No , thanks .
Blah ... What's that ?
Let's get the table wares we need first , And then stand in the line .
Let's stand in the line now .
Me too .
Tell the waiter what you want when it's your turn .
I don't like them . I think they are too icky .
Certainly , Mr . Emory . Is there a problem , sir ?
Fine , Mr . Emory . Let me just grab a pad and pen .
Thanks for coming over to help . I really appreciate it . First , could you peel the vegetables ? I ’ Ve put them all in the skin and there ’ s a peeler .
After you ’ Ve chopped the vegetables , could you fry the meat in a little oil ? Just use a very small amount of oil . Fry the meat until it is cooked , then we ’ ll add some spices to flavor it .
These ones here . The one on the left is very spicy , so we must be careful about how much we add .
Cook it over a high flame , so that it will be ready quickly . Keep stirring the meat around the frying pan . Don ’ t let the meat stick to the bottom of the pan .
I ’ m mixing the sauce . It ’ s my specialty . I make it according to my own secret recipe !
Don't worry about the cost . Our insurance policy covers us against situations like this . We need those parts urgently . Could you please try to get them here tomorrow ?
Yes , I'd like to know if there would be any future opportunities for specific training .
When will I know your decision ?
I can be reached at my office during work hours and at home in the evening . My office phone number and home phone number are in my resume .
Thank you , sir . I expect to hear from you as soon as possible .
All right . Goodbye .
I need to buy a new refrigerator today .
I like that Kenmore refrigerator .
Tell me about it .
What are the appliances ?
I'd like to see it for myself .
I like what I see .
Yes . I'd like to send this parcel to Changchun .
I guess I'll send it by airmail .
No , there are only some vases .
Have you got boxes for sale ?
Is it all right this time ?
OK .
Yes , I have .
Yes , it's definitely a growing business .
Mainly plastics . Plastics aren ’ t bio degradable - they don ’ t break down easily in the environment - so they shouldn't be thrown away .
Well , there are basically two methods . One is to break down the chemicals in the plastic into smaller chemical particles . These can then be used in the production of new chemicals .
No , we don't do that here . We recycle polyethylene and we make it into other products .
By melting it down and then reforming it . Our main products are bin liners for kitchen bins and carrier bags for supermarkets .
It is a significant document for traveling abroad and visiting .
There are passport processing center in many places . Visa is dealt with in embassies . You need to complete several forms and provide certain certificate .
Not too long . 14 working days for a visa .
Your passport and ID card .
Well , I've never heard of a little girl that didn't love Barbie dolls .
Here you go — Digital Barbie .
Barbie is our best seller . She's only $ 29.95 .
Your niece will love this . Anything else ?
With the tax , your total is $ 32.42 . Would you like to charge it ?
Thank you for shopping here .
Please take 2 tablets each time , 4 times a day .
Please put one under your tongue , do not swallow it .
Please dissolve one pill in water before taking it .
You're welcome .
No , I shouldn ’ t think so . But you must take your passport of course .
Yes , you need the traveler ’ s check but you needn ’ t get any foreign currency . You can have my US Dollars , I don ’ t need them .
You needn ’ t buy one . You can have mine .
Don ’ t be silly , John . I ’ m going with you . It ’ s necessary for me to have a holiday too .
I ’ Ve been busy with a first aid course that I started about a week ago at the Red Cross .
For sure ! I mean we ’ Ve learned how to apply pressure to stop bleeding , how to check for a pulse , and even how to apply CPR !
Well , they took us along with some paramedics . There was this guy who fell off his motorcycle and suffered a concussion as well as a couple of compound fractures . His wounds were pretty serious so they had to rush him to the hospital . It was intense !
I'll be with you in a second . Uh ... Yes , ma'am ?
Oh , I'm so sorry . May I ask what you ordered again ?
You have not fulfilled your lease agreement yet .
There ’ s a problem with that .
I won ’ t be able to give you back your deposit .
This was stated in our agreement .
I can ’ t do that .
That ’ s not my fault .
Well , let me have a look . Will you sit down in this chair and open your mouth wide ?
Yes . This big one is badly decayed . I'm afraid it must be taken out .
No need to worry . You won't feel anything at all . I'll give you an injection to stop the pain . Just wash your mouth out with this water , will you ?
No , it'll be over soon . Nurse , get some X-rays of our patient's molars . Then we'll start . Open your mouth wide . Don't be so nervous . Now open wider ... now stay , that's over ...
Not yet , but it soon will be . Now open again please ... It's out ! Look !
Sure . What kind of toast do you like ?
We have white toast , whole wheat toast and rye toast .
Anything to drink ?
We are thinking of a two days ' tour to Vienna .
It looks fine . Is this an inclusive tour ?
No , madam.May I help you ?
No problem.Step in , please .
Well , I would say that I ’ m just drifting - - - here , in the pool .
Well , it ’ s very comfortable just to drift here .
No .
You got me .
Right , here it is .
I'll take 4,500 RIB , please .
OK ... there we go . Thanks very much .
I am sorry to hear that , but face the music .
Here . Do you have a registration card ?
Please register your information here and pay for it . And I ’ ll make a medical record for you .
Please pay ten yuan for the registration .
This is your registration card . Please don ’ t lose it and bring it whenever you come .
Go down this way until you come to the drugstore . Make a left turn and it's just there .
I would like to cancel one of my accounts .
I only need one .
Could you please transfer that money to my remaining account ?
I appreciate it .
That ’ s all for today .
I greatly appreciate your help .
I'm not feeling well , doctor . I have a sore throat .
Yes , my back aches .
It began the night before last .
Lots of people are ill at the moment .
Yes .
So can I expect to hear from you to set up an appointment for an interview sometime next week ?
Thank you very much . Bye-bye .
Yes , I am .
It's a quarter to eight . I'm going to work .
I'm working on Saturday mornings this month.Are you getting up ?
OK . See you at noon .
This is the property manager . What seems to be the problem ?
Could you tell me what room had the leak ?
Could you please remind me which floor you are on ?
I will be sending the assistant manager to check it out . May we look at it this morning ?
If you aren ’ t there , we will use our master key to get in and check things out .
I just went to bed !
I know , but that movie was just too good to leave . I guess I'll just have to pay the price and be sleepy .
No , Why don't we just grad a bite at the coffee shop next door ?
You mean this month ?
Over 2 million .
No problem . Who is it ? Anyone I know ?
That name doesn't ring a bell . But tell me more .
Well , I'll have to personally thank him by making him my famous chocolate cake .
Absolutely ! Bob and his whole family are welcome here any time !
I'm sorry , but there's no one here by that name .
Yes , this is . What number are you calling ?
Sure it is . This is 6666777 .
It doesn't matter . Bye-bye !
Have you checked your connection settings ?
Yes , there have been a few problems recently . Why don't you call the IT department ?
What's the weather going to be like ? I may want to go too .
Will it be good beach weather ?
It wouldn't be good if it got cold this weekend .
This California weather is so uncertain , it's impossible to know what'll happen .
I would love it if it wasn't always so unpredictable .
I know . Things are easier when you know what the weather's going to be like .
Hello , this is Miao Eng calling from Lincoln Bank .
No , not at all . I was just calling to tell you that everything has been checked and double checked , and there is no problem with the documents you brought in this morning .
Shall I go ahead and process them for you ?
Yes , of course .
I'd be very pleased .
I think he should be an expert of everything .
Because English is nothing but a tool which is used when people may negotiate in international conferences , probe into physics , release some information in a press conferrence , and do anything we can do with language . Therefore , an interpreter has to know some expertise in the field he / she serves as an interpreter . Otherwise he / she can not carry out his / her work smoothly .
It's my honor , Mr . Mike . By the way , how can I know whether I am accepted or not ?
Yes . Thank you very much . I am looking forward to hearing from you .
Good-bye .
Yes , it is better than last year . They have done a very good job this time .
If someone wants to find us , they can look at this floor plan.It shows where all the companies have their booths .
Really ? They didn't give you one with your ticket ?
That's strange .
Are you hungry ?
I went across the street . There is a good Chinese restaurant next to the hotel .
They must . Let me look at that.Here it is . Cortex . It's on the second floor , next to the Roll booth .
For whom ? Cortex ?
I've never met Darren.But you're right . That would probably be uncomfortable .
Yes , maybe . If you're Darren McDowell , you should probably check .
No , I'll stay here at the booth . I ate earlier . Are you going to the Chinese restaurant ?
Welcome to ABC Company . We have been expecting you , please have a seat . I will call him .
Mr . Thomas will be here very soon . In the meantime , may I ask all of you to sign in so that I can issue your passes ?
Yes , please . Please print your name and company name , and the person you are going to see .
Good afternoon . I would like my hair done .
I'd like to try a new hair-style . Could you show me some pictures of hair styles ?
Thanks . Please give me the style in this picture here but make the wave longer . I would like hair spray , please .
Beautifully done .
No , thanks . How much should I pay ?
Here you are .
I'm not sure if we've got any now . Books of that kind are on this shelf . Well , I'm afraid we've sold out .
Come some time next week if you like . I think we'll have got some by then .
No . I think I've known enough . Thank you .
Alright , see you .
You already finished off everything , sir ?
Would you like anything in particular ?
Beam and Perrier . Anything else , sir ?
Sure thing . Might there by anything else ?
Perrier , Jim Beam , apples , and grape juice . It will all be there shortly , sir .
Yes . In fact , the recommendation is a way of indirect self-recommendation . The university and the business have a long-term relationship . If you are recommended by your university , you can be approved more easily .
More and more people have the same discoveries since most of the universities do that in order to save effort .
Hello , may I make an appointment for sometime early this afternoon ?
Oh , what a pity . I'd like to see the doctor as soon as possible . I have a sharp pain in my chest .
Five thirty ? I have a dinner appointment at six .
No . I can't wait . I feel awful . The dinner appointment has to be canceled .
You are right . Did you say 5:30 ? I'll make a note of it . Fine .
How kind of you ! Good-bye .
I want to have a suit made to measure .
One Made in 100 % black Barathea wool , with 5 Celtic buttons .
No , I haven ’ t .
Perhaps you left that at school .
Well . Didn ’ t you go around to the Smith after school ? You might have left it there .
But she can ’ t be home now . She might have gone to the library .
Really ? What can I do ?
Umm , OK . Whatever you think will help .
Can you use the thinning shears on top , too ? My hair is really thick .
Hi , I'm back ! Hmm ... your hair is pretty damaged , and you've got split ends .
Well , the trim should fix the split ends , but you might need a deep conditioning treatment .
I'm also going to add some layers to frame your face .
No problem !
Are you telling me you ’ re not going to meet with me ?
Well , I don ’ t like it , but I guess I don ’ t have any choice .
Very well , do you know any shorthand ?
Can you use the computer or other office machines ?
Yes , I see , this is a permanent position .
Oh , no , I ’ m student at a university , and I have to study most of the time . I can only work part time .
I'm not an expert , but that's the impression I have .
Needless to say , as a Westerner , it's bread .
OK , sir . How do you like your meal ?
I'm glad you like it . It's $ 60 in all .
Yes , do you know the nine to five timetable ?
Yes , you are right .
Bad . My nose keeps running . And my forehead is burning .
I will get better soon .
Yeah , I love that , no class , no homework , and no exams .
Haha , I just got the Ultraman costume . My Dad bought it .
Come on , I got numerous shots for that . You have no idea what I've been through with the needles .
May told you ? Oh , May , she's such a tattletale .
Tom , promise me to keep this a secret , will you ?
Deal .
It was okay .
No thanks , I'm not thirsty .
Not really .
Yes I did .
Yes . I'll be back at the same time as usual .
I see . Will you walk this way , please ? What experience have you had ?
Have you got any selling experience at all ?
Now tell me about your educational background .
What courses have you completed ?
What subjects did you like most at university ?
Why would you like to work with us ?
What are your future plans and what kind of expectations do you have of the company ?
Good . Do you know anything about this company ?
Have you got anything to ask me ?
Yes .
Three times a year at most . How do you feel about this ?
Yeah , Please do . Now let me show you the house .
You bet . This is the nicest room in the district . You know what , I just had all the walls repainted last month .
It's a well furnished eat-in kitchen . The stove and the ice-box are in good order , and the plumbing is OK , too .
Terrific ! When are you moving in ?
I'm just browsing , thanks .
Well , how about fifty percent discount ? If so , I'll buy that fur coat .
So won ’ t you come down any more ?
Marketing has us set up with product launches in five major cities , as well as some sponsoring events throughout the year . All together , there will be 15 events .
It's not what you're thinking . These events will give us a wider exposure than most . Take the tri-city marathon for starters . This is a highly publicized event . The television exposure alone will nearly double our customer awareness .
We've got a spot in Olympic Stadium sponsoring one of a team's equipment , then a rally for cancer research , and a connection to the inner-city education program .
It might seem that way , but this events were all carefully chosen based on marketing research . These are the events that our customers and potential customers care about .
Whenever you're ready to check out , I'll be ready , sir .
You're right . It's only 9
Sir , our storage facility is merely $ 5 an hour . You also need to leave a deposit .
Unfortunately , it isn't . VISA or MasterCard will suffice , though .
Better hurry , sir . Remember you have to check out in less than half an hour .
How about this set ?
I worked in a foreign representative office for one year . However , I leave there two years ago because the work they gave me was rather dull . I found another job that was more interesting .
I have learned a lot about business know-how and basic office skills . In addition , I learned at my previous jobs how to cooperate with my colleagues .
But it's still early .
But Day . I'm not sleepy .
What ?
Oh . Why did she do that ?
You just don't get it . Looking for bargains can be really interesting .
Bargaining is a game , or even a battle . You feel like a winner when you get a good price .
That's true . But I just love it . Come here !
You do have great taste . That's the most expensive stuff here .
Are you kidding me ? I bought a same one last week . It's surprising that there is something we both like . Well , what do you think of these ceramic cups ?
What about this picture ? I think Benjamin would like it .
Don't be so sure . He loves the vase I bought here last week .
Absolutely . That's why I can always get a good price .
Great idea ! I like authentic Chinese food .
Pork steamed with rice flour , jelly fish and egg soup .
No thanks . I like to run in the morning . I ran a couple of miles when I woke up today .
I couldn ’ t either at first , but you get used to it .
Well , why don ’ t you come tomorrow ? I ’ ll stop by your house on my way out .
I ’ ll give you a call around 6:00 and stop by around 6:30 .
Great , I ’ ll see you then .
Sure , what is it ?
I'm sorry . I've been having some problems .
See you !
Yes , please have a seat , and we ’ ll discuss this right now .
The counter-offer was acceptable to them , but they want you to pay for the home inspection .
It can cost as little as five hundred dollars and as much as one thousand dollars .
Yes , it is your choice as you are paying for it . Make a wise investment and choose the best inspector you can find .
Let ’ s call them right now . I am sure that they will be happy to hear that you have agreed to pay for the inspection .
No , I haven't .
No , I don't drink .
I've got some cigars .
Two small boxes .
The organizational structure is the company's framework of communication and authority .
Yes , you are right .
Hi , this is Susan Smith . I ’ m calling about my appointment with Doctor Brown today at 3
I got the flu . I have a fever and a headache . Can I cancel my appointment ?
Oh , there ’ s a charge ? Why ?
I see . That ’ s ok . I ’ ll pay .
No . Not right now . When I feel better I ’ ll call you again .
Thank you .
The toner has run out and there's none in the stationery cupboard .
If I hear Love Me Tender one more time , I think I'll go crazy !
Can we adjust the pitch a little ? Maybe he'll sound better in a higher key .
Hey ! Where are you going ... ?
Turn right at the third light and then go straight for two blocks .
No . It's only a ten-minute walk .
You're welcome .
I enjoyed everything , as long as I was learning .
Yes , I did like Spanish and Music . But I don't remember much Spanish .
If you hire me , I'll start studying Spanish again .
No , this is just my appetizer ... this is my lunch !
This is good food , it has milk , fruit , grains , nuts ...
At least I enjoy my lunch ! What's in your bag ?
There's the difference , your wife made it ! I have to make my own lunch !
Thank you .
Only as a clerk in a store .
I'm a quick learner , Mr.Jenkins .
Yes , and I'm a very good driver .
Do I have to travel a lot ?
But how will I get to know the products ?
How much is the salary ?
How much commission do your consultants get ?
Well , I'm very interested in the job .
Thank you .
Thank you . I'm from America . Here is my business card .
Great ! This is my first visit to the Fair . Everything is new to me . Would you please give me some information ?
What about your company ?
My firm has high standing in my country . My bank is the City Bank , New York . You may refer to it for my status .
Yes , I would like to use the ATM to make a payment . But I need to pay 3 parties at once .
They are , yes . How should I do this ?
Yes , I've got that here ...
I always approach things very enthusiastically . When I begin something , I don ’ t like to leave it half-done . I can ’ t concentrate on something new until the first thing is finished .
Dishonesty . It ’ s unacceptable .
Of course not .
Yes . I gave her my resignation a few days ago .
Yes , I think she will .
Well , there are several reasons . I don't think my present job is suitable for me . That's the first reason . Secondly , your company has a good reputation . I think it can offer me more challenging opportunities . Last , frankly speaking , I wish to get higher pay .
Yes . It's a Korea company and it was built in Beijing five years ago .
Yes , I am sorry . I missed the bus .
Well , I missed several buses .
I , ah ... , I got have late .
Well , I ... I lost my wallet , and I ...
Yes , I found it again .
This morning . I mean ...
Hello , may I speak to Mr . Richard ?
Mr . Richard , this is Henry . I was interviewed by you last Tuesday .
I ’ m just calling to follow up on the situation of the salesman position .
Wonderful . Thank you very much . I have been dreaming to work with your company and I am finally granted the great opportunity . I won ’ t let you down and I hope you will contact me when you have any questions .
It's a small .
It has never been worn . It was too small for me so I'm selling it .
I got it as a gift so I couldn't take it back . Good luck ! I hope it will fit you !
I guess there is some kind of virus seeking into my computer , I can ’ t send out this e-mail . Do you have the number of the text port ?
Of course not , I appreciate that .
I see . What can I do now ?
I'm OK .
Well , I can teach you how I make them , which is the same way my father and grandmother make them , which is a little special .
First you take some eggs and crack them in a bowl , and whisk them up , quite , so they're quite high and fluffy , and in a hot pan , and you need a pan that's that's kind of small , that the sides go up at an angle . You put some oil and heat it up , so it's quite hot , and then you take your whipped up eggs , or whisked up eggs , and pour them into the pan , and as it's cooking , if you take a spatula , and push the bottom layer of the egg , to the side , to the sides , and then to the middle , so the uncooked egg gets to the bottom of the pan .
OK . And keep doing that until most of the egg is cooked so you should have a nice thick omelet and then flip it over , you'll only have to cook that side lightly . Put your fillings on the top and fold it over and let it sit just long enough to melt the cheese .
Take bus 12 and get off at the terminal station .
You are welcome .
The railway station ? Just go down this street and turn left at the second corner.The station is at the end of that street .
It's about a ten-minute walk .
Not at all .
Certainly , sir . Double or single breasted ?
I see , sir . For a gentleman of your size I would recommend a single-breasted jacket as it does tend to make one look a little slimmer . Just let me take your measurements , Let's see , neck 41cm , chest 110cm , wait 120cm and inside leg 70cm . You do have short legs , sir .
Can you come back in three days for a fitting ?
Good that way . I can have the suit ready for you two days after that fitting .
We usually eat chicken , pork and beef.you eat these meat a lot in your country too , don't you ?
I've heard that people in your country like mutton chops .
Yes , I have , I tried once when I visited your country last year , I think they were very tasty.Can you cook them ?
That sounds great . I'll bring a bottle of wine then .
Oh , no , surely . Your ideas were very interesting as well .
Oh , that would be lovely . Thank you .
Oh , yes . Marvelous !
Can I ask what the position pays ?
My current salary is in the range of fifty thousand yuan .
Yes , but not including overtime pay . I'm looking for a salary slightly higher than my present one , with opportunities for raises if I work well .
I have to support my parents who are advanced in age , so I'd like to commence at HAD 2,500 a month .
Generally speaking , there are the company , the job title , job description , requirement , and so on .
There are many sources , such as newspaper , Internet and direct visit .
Ah , yes , hello . I'm calling to get some info about your PIN services . You see , my friend also has an account with you and also enjoys shopping on the Internet . She recommended I sign up for this service too .
I will probably just use it for online shopping . At the moment , I have to meet the seller in person and pay cash , if it's a local seller .
I would like to look at some watch .
Pure gold ones , please .
What is the price for this one ?
That's quite steep . Can you come down a little bit ?
It's rather more than I was thinking of paying .
OK . I'll take it .
I would love the help ! Would you prefer helping with the writing part or is programming more your thing ?
Perfect ! You'll be working alone on that portion . Do you like to work alone ?
Our first meeting is next Monday . Could you meet with us at that time ?
Please send me your background information before the meeting so I can look at it .
OK . I look forward to working with you . Enjoy your week !
What a large building . Can we visit by ourselves ?
Thank you . When and where shall we meet ?
I see .
Okay . Come with me .
Sorry , you can only pay cash .
Here's your change .
Of course , I'll get right on it .
I'm wondering if anyone has turned in a train ticket . I just lost my ticket for Beijing tonight .
Yes . If I don ' t make it to Beijing tomorrow morning . my wife would kill me . How much does it cost ?
Fine .
Where is my wallet ? Someone has stolen my wallet !
Yes . I needed a large one . Before , I had a separate refrigerator and freezer , but this has both combined into one .
Yes . You know I ’ Ve been cooking more kind of food recently and I needed some extra space for spices and ingredients .
No , I didn ’ t . I gave them a really good clean , so they just look new . The worktop was in poor condition , so I had a new one added .
Yes , I have . I need them to help me with these new dished I ’ m trying to make . I need a little more practice before I invite guests over .
Yes . I ’ Ve always likes Indian and thai food , so I ’ Ve been trying to make dishes from those countries . I ’ m pretty good at making curries now , but I still need practice at making thai food .
I hope you can stay for dinner . I need a guinea pig !
What time do you want the call ?
We can certainly do that . Expect a call from us at 7 o'colock and then again at 7 fifteen .
I can certainly do that . Is there anything else ?
Okay . Good night , sir .
Maybe I should go home .
Are you sure ?
Sounds like a good idea .
Thanks for reminding me .
All the fruit are pretty fresh here .
They're four yuan per kilo .
Yes , we do . They are eight yuan per kilo .
Take much and you can have them six yuan per kilo .
OK . It's 22 yuan
Yes , I am .
How do you do , Mr . Zhang ? I'm glad to meet you .
Thank you very much .
On the whole , not too bad .
Yes , I am , rather . But I'll be all right by tomorrow and ready for business .
Thank you .
I'd like to . Let's go .
How sweet ... if you make me some more toast , I'll let you use my new retro toaster ...
Isn't the shape cool ?
Hey ! What's that smell ? Are you burning the toast ?
Me ? You're the one who pulled out in front of me !
Hey , listen . I had every right to stay in the lane I was in.You were supposed to wait until I passed to pull out.And anyhow , you didn't give me any time to change lanes.All of a sudden--BANG--there you are right in front of me .
Sorry about your arm , but it serves you right . You need to learn how to drive . You're lucky you didn't get killed . And I'm lucky to be alive too .
Fine with me . I know the laws of the road . I'm not worried .
Alright .
Oh , yeah ? It's better if we make a police report first . Then you can go to the hospital .
Well , you'll just have to wait . I'm not going to move my car until the police arrive . I'll go into one of those houses over there and use their phone . Don't worry . You'll get to the hospital in time .
Yes , maybe it does.But if you're going to drive like you did just now , you will have to get used to a little physical pain . You know what I mean ?
I'm afraid it wasn't . And when the police get here , you will also see that it wasn't . But enough of this bickering . I'm going to go find a phone.Don ' t move that arm while I'm gone . Alright ?
Yes we do . Check the meat department . There is a fish counter there too .
Let me show you .
See , it's right over there .
That's all right .
Oh , I thought I could make a right turn on red here .
Oh , I guess I didn't see it .
Here they are .
Thank you , Ma'am .
Yes , I'm going to the cinema , dad .
Oh , I won't be back so early . The film will be over at nine . Can I have the key to the bicycle ?
Oh , dad , I'm not a child . I'm 17 already . I'll come back as soon as the film is over .
I will . Thank you , dad .
It would be good if you could get them to me by Thursday afternoon , Ms.Barkley .
7880 Crofton Avenue , Building 40A , Room 304 .
A one-way ticket to Chicago , please .
One adult , please .
Good . And because this is our initial order , and your products is so new , we would like to make a deal with you .
We want to make this a trial order . If we can sell all the products in two months , we will pay for them ; if not , we will send them back to you .
We promise that if the products are sold out in two months , we will place a repeat order right away , at the same quality .
Alright , sir . You are making a good choice . Honda has made a lot of design improvements in the new Accord .
On all our new cars , the standards include
Why not , sir ?
Well , sir , I know some of our customers are concerned about cruise control . But Honda has never had a single cruise control malfunction that led to an accident .
You know , sir , you don't have to use it . You can turn it on or off . If you don't want to use it , you just never turn it on .
No , the sunroof is optional , sir .
Yes , I ’ d like to activate my voice mail service please .
Sure that sounds great ! Are there any other fees ?
Perfect . I also wanted to know if there is any call forwarding service ? I am usually out of town and would like my calls to be forwarded to a local number .
My wife and I want to go to Beijing for a tour . Can you arrange it ?
I'd like to know what kind of tour your travel agency has .
Excellent .
September 28th .
We would like to visit the Great Wall , the Ming Tombs and the Imperial Palace .
I never thought about that , but you're right . What do you think we should do ?
I was thinking about taking tennis lessons . I always have an hour to spare in the afternoon . What do you think about that ?
I heard it is only about one hundred twenty dollars a month for 8 lessons .
Here you are .
Yes , I am .
Fujisan Province .
It's not surprising . Our school year just ended , and a lot of Chinese are on vacation .
About half a month .
Thank you .
It's me , Ali . There's this strange guy who keeps coming around . He's been here three times this week .
He makes me nervous . He looks at me funny . And he never buys anything !
No , I'll have the fish please .
No , I want the fish .
Thank you , but I prefer the fish
No , I like the fish .
Okay . Is all going well ?
Really ? That's great . You really did a good job . Anything else to tell me ?
OK . If he wants to make any changes , minor alternations can be accepted . Let me know what happens .
If I were a manager , I would have a private talk with this employ to figure out the reasons . It is very important to have this one-to-one discussion in an unthreatening situation without any distraction .
Well , I guess the employee would feel more embarrassed and probably angry . Anyway , it is not wise at all to give a harsh time to your employee in front of others , especially strangers .
I'm not sure , but probably about 75 years . How about in your country ?
I heard that the government might need to increase the retirement age , because otherwise there will not be enough workers to support the young and the elderly .
Did she ? That's great . However , if we have too many children , that will have a bad effect on the environment .
Oh , he's fine . Kids seem to grow up very quickly nowadays .
I had mine when I was 24 . That's a little young . I'd suggest you wait until you are in your late twenties , or even in your early thirties if you have a good career .
Is there a big generation gap between parents and their children in your country ?
Parents usually give their children more freedom in my country . Sometimes they give them too much freedom .
Good evening . Is the kitchen open now ?
It ’ s ok , good night .
Just take your clothes off from the waist up and put this gown on , with the opening in the back .
You need to come over here and face this plate .
I will need your arms raised to shoulder height .
Everything you are doing is perfect .
I am just getting behind this screen . You need to take a deep breath , hold it , and then breathe normally .
You can get dressed as soon as the film is processed . We will be all done here .
Yes , it has great curb appeal .
Yes , it is nice , but wait until you see the interior .
The carpeting and paint are all new , as well as the window treatments .
Come and see the kitchen .
Let ’ s go check out the bedroom and bathroom .
I am happy that you like the house . We should write down what we like so that we can remember it .
Yes , I don't feel well today .
Since the day before yesterday .
It began with a shiver then I perspired a great deal .
Thank you . Doctor .
Yes , dad ?
Well , no . It just seemed like another bill we ’ d have to pay .
That ’ s true . Well , how much do you think I should get ?
Really ? Why ?
I'm surprised . He does't look like a guy who'd ever cheat on his wife , does he ?
Well , I'm really surprised . You are not doing anything behind my back , are you ?
Haha ... You are not very funny . I guess that means - - except me to tell my lover we have stoped seeing each other too .
Sure , what's the matter ?
What do you think we can do about this ?
Well , sir , I am busy in market development . So I am worried whether I can do this .
OK ! I will try this .
There's no power .
Yes , the fuse had blown and I've changed it but now the motor keeps cutting out .
OK , it's my pleasure . How many tickets ?
But I am only half a person as you and they charge both of us the same price tickets .
Dad , it makes no sense .
Yeah , I make certain . A half-price ticket cuts us one point five Yuan .
There is so much information and I advise to read newspaper .
Yes , of course . If you like the room , call the landlord and confirm the information of the room .
Yes , I want to a room for tomorrow .
A single one with a private bath .
It doesn't matter .
You're right . I think it ’ s time to seek professional help .
I know you don ’ t want to pay for a job , but I think it ’ s time we consulted a headhunter .
Ha , ha , ha ! I agree . That ’ s not much fun .
Actually I do .
Cooke & Co . does a lot of placements in your field .
Not at the moment , but I ’ ll let you know .
What's the matter , sir ?
No , I haven't sir .
But , sir , I didn't drink at all .
OK . I'll blow .
But I ...
He's a member of the National Basketball Association .
Some people say he's from New York .
Yes , I'd like to get some gas .
Unleaded . My car is new .
Fill it up . I will have a tour tomorrow .
Yes , please .
Give me a quart of light oil .
Everything looks so good . Is there anything in particular that you recommend ?
So you're saying I can't go wrong with anything I order ? In that case ...
That sounds really good ! Does it come with a soup ?
I see what you mean !
What happened ?
Well , I remember walking pass the baker shop .
I'm afraid so . I don't remember you telling me about it .
What would you let me do now ?
Really ? You are so kind .
No . That's not enough . I've got some cereal .
Just a minute .
By subway .
Yes . There ’ s one on the other side of the building .
I ’ m afraid you can ’ t . you ’ Ve to go out there and walk around .
I'm Mr.Stephen ' s secretary . He has an appointment with Mr.Green today .
I'm afraid we have to reschedule it .
I'm very sorry . But Mr.stephen must leave for Hong Kong right away .
That'll be fine .
Really ? How can he be so sure about the timing ?
Well . This must save lots of employees from worrying about how to write a salary increase letter . You know how tough it is . Do all the employees receive the same pay increase annually ?
I like this system . It will encourage the best employees and motivate those who want to make a change at work .
Yes . We just had a basketball match with Class Two .
They did .
Seventy to sixty-seven .
Really ? I have a weakness for coffee .
No , I assure you .
Ok .
Of course .
I'll see . I will if I can but I won't promise .
Yes . But only if you ask me nicely .
Ok . I'll keep my promise .
Yes . I'm looking for a green dress .
I wear size 32 . This one looks nice . Where may I try it on ?
How does it look ?
How much is it ?
I'll take it .
Here is the copy . Do you need anything else ?
Do you mean all the sales letters from them ?
I ’ ll get them for you at once . And could I file the report for you ?
No problem .
Yes . The porter will go and help you .
OK , sir .
I listen to various types of music .
I enjoy listening to both Rock and R & B .
I enjoy the different types of instruments that they use .
That's exactly what I think too .
Dude , what are you talking about ? Only girls do that .
True . So what do they do to you at your beauty spa ?
That doesn't really sound like something I would be interested in . In any case , I just wash my face every night and use sunscreen during the day .
Uh ... no .
You mean the large one or the small one ?
They're on special this week . They've been reduced to five dollars .
No . We have some that are different in style but not in color . They're over there . Do you see the sign ?
Very well . Just take your time .
Barbie dolls are quite popular , you know .
Take a look at the newest Barbie — Digital Barbie .
Our regular price for Digital Barbie is $ 29.95 plus tax .
Another one sold . Do you see anything else you would like ?
Tax brings your total to $ 32.42 . How would you like to pay ?
Here's your change . Thank you .
What's your last name ?
Yes , I do show your reservation . How could you like to pay for the room ?
Fine . Here is your room key , here is also a map of our hotel . The swimming pool , gym and sauna are all located on first floor .
Yes . If you want to order room service , just press 0 on your phone , and that will connect you with the front desk .
Don't forger to come straight home after school .
Have you got everything ?
For sure ! I didn ’ t really understand some of the technical jargon they used in the film when they talked about social security in the US .
Well , they mentioned how people put away money in something called a 401K ?
That ’ s interesting and logical I guess . In my country , we also have to contribute to a government-run retirement fund , but most people don ’ t really trust it so they just invest in properties or things like that .
Yeah , but corrupt governments in the past have created distrust among banks and financial institutions , so now people prefer to have money hidden in a jar or a piggy bank .
Well , we won't be able to guarantee you a room for February 22 , but we can book you on February 23.Is that OK ?
Excellent . How many would you like ?
You need to fill out this form , please .
That will be no problem , sir .
Very good , sir . Your order will be ready in one week .
No problem , sir . But it will cost you extra .
I've never really thought about it before . I guess it doesn't bother me .
I guess so . I usually buy name-brand clothing , shoes , and electronic goods . How about you ?
What kind do you need ?
The ground beef is $ 2.48 a pound .
What else would you like ?
The chicken breasts are $ 4.05 a pound .
Altogether , it's going to be $ 12.15 .
All right , let me get your meat for you .
What range of salary do you have for this position ?
It sounds amazing to me .
Do you have any idea how many you'd like ?
Would you fill out this form , please ?
If you detect any difference , I'll take you out to dinner .
Thank you . Your order will be ready seven days from now .
We can certainly give you faster turn around , but it will cost you extra .
First , as far as I know , your company has had an impressive growth record.Second , I want to get into the foreign trade business .
I'm in charge of marketing activities in South-East Asia , for example , organizing trade conferences and arranging exhibitions .
Yes . Are the chances for employees to be transferred to overseas branches of the company ?
That would be good .
Ah , yes , that's right .
Hello , I was just looking for the guide 。
Not bad . But I've made too many flights these days . I could hardly remember how many take offs and landings I've been through these three days . I think we all feel a bit tired .
Wonderful . I'm eager to take a sauna as soon as possible .
I'm sure we will . Actually , we are looking forward to seeing the great wonder .
Sorry to say it , but neither of those . I'm here to close our account with you . The market around here has been dropping for a while now , and it's just not sensible for us to stay .
I guess I should just withdraw everything .
Here you go . That's everything , then . Thanks very much for your service over the years .
sure , here you are .
yeah , I think the food is alright , it's not too spicy though it's a little salty for me . But you are Chinese , you should have known better .
Oh , I see how this food can be really hard for you . I can sympathize with that . I stayed in Sichuan for a year . The food was difficult at the beginning . Every dish was so spicy . After a while , I got u
I completely understand . I didn't intend on liking spicy food at first either , but when you have no other choicest , you've got to adapt .
exactly .
I really would rather just listen.Isn ' t there anyone else who wants to sing ?
I know , but ... Hey , Stanley's here ! I've been wanting to hear him sing all night .
I'll put the song at the front of the list .
You got it ! In a sense , it has become a byword for Chinese sport .
I think its critical advantage lies in its low cost . All you need is a racket , a table and a light celluloid ball . Tables are usually available in public recreation areas , like finest rooms , and outdoor playgrounds ...
Put it there ! In senior high schools , we used to play on desks in the classroom , when no vacant tables were available . Likewise , the racket may take a variety of forms , too.Anything that resembles a racket , from a plank to cardboard or even a hardcover book , may be used as a racket .
Yeah , the sport is affordable and accessible to every Tom , Dick and Jane in this developing country . No wonder even the state leaders are known to be keen on it .
Actually , he excels in it . Chairman Mao , too , encouraged the whole nation to play ping-pong as a part of the nationwide body building campaign .
Great . Where is it ?
What about the surrounding area ?
That's good . Is the location easily accessible ?
Hmm ... well , maybe we can buy this one then .
By credit card .
Do you take American Express ?
Ok , I'll use my Visa . Here you are .
Look at this one . It has a radio and cassette player and built in speakers .
Yes , but we shouldn't get any thing too big . Remember it has to fit in with our living room furniture .
Let's have the salesmen for a demonstration .
I think the file is too big . You'll need to expand your memory . First , close down all the files you have open , and then ...
Let's eat the kind that has both spicy and mild broth in one pot .
Yep . That way I can satisfy my craving for spicy food and you can eat hot pot without burning into flames .
Let's go !
No problem .
Oh , Never mind , I finished my paper . So you can use it tonight .
It's on the arm rest .
You can suck a candy or pinch your nose gently while breathing out . That shall help .
I beg your pardon .
Oh , I see , since I'm a heavy smoker . May I change my seat ?
Oh , did you ? Thanks a lot .
Yes , Sir , the specialty of our restaurant is the seafood .
Perhaps you would like some sole . Many guests like it very much .
Any drinks ?
Yes . I should have gone to buy the ticket in advance . But now ...
Right . Let's go and find some fun .
Yes , there are three stops left .
Well , you will get there in about a quarter of an hour if the traffic isn ’ t too heavy .
Sure , madam . I ’ ll remind you .
Let me see your form . You mentioned that you want five days to go back home for New Year , right ?
Do you still remember we already have a New Year celebration on January 1st ?
Well , I understand that . Your request is approved . Remember to give my best regards to your parents .
I'm quite active and energetic . I approach things enthusiastically and I don't like to leave things half-done .
I'm quite outgoing i think . I enjoy mixing and doing things with others .
I maintain that the most important thing is having good friends . A person can't live all by himself I think . A friend in need is a friend in deed.The more really close friends I have , the better .
People who are honest , dedicated to their work and having integrity .
Many of our business friends in England , France , Switzerland , Italy and Germany are paying for our exports in Japan currency . It is quite easy to do so .
Many banks in Europe now carry accounts in yen . They are in a position to open letters of credit and effect payment in yen . Consult your banks and you'll see that they are ready to offer you this service .
Sure you can . Several of the banks in London , such as the National Westminster Bank and Barclays Bank are in a position to open letters of credit in yen . They'll do so against our sales confirmation or contract .
I'd like to buy a ticket for New York .
Round trip .
When does the next plane leave ?
I'd like a ticket for that flight please .
Coach .
How about the one after that ?
Yes , please .
OK .
I have some shirts that need laundering , and I ’ d like my suit pressed .
How long will it take to get my clothes back ?
That ’ s all right . Pls send someone to pick it up .
Hello , Tina . An acquaintance of mine has just told me that your bank has started a new Personal Wealth Management Service . Is that right ?
How would I go about applying for this service ?
That's so simple . I'll come by my local branch later this afternoon and get it set up . Thank you very much , Tina .
Sure , sir . How many of you are there ?
No problem , sir . When are you coming to dinner ?
Working conditions are very relaxed . You may work whatever hours you want , provided you get your job done properly .
Would you mind changing the position or working place you've applied for ?
Oh it was really good . Do you know , he ’ s the nicest boss I ’ Ve had here .
What ’ s more , he said I was the hardest working person in the office !
I hope so . Then I ’ ll be the happiest person in our office too !
Hello , I would like a room please .
A double room sounds great .
A few nights , I'm not quite sure of my schedule yet .
Here you are .
Since it is low season , we are running a special rate right now of 150 yuan per night .
Our rooms include television set , air-conditioning and a bathroom .
Yes , sir .
You're welcome .
Is he ? Yes , he looks pale . Is there anything I can do for him ?
Certainly .
Well , yes . I'll give him the medicine , too .
Hi , this is Monica . I was wondering when we can work on this financial report .
Shall I see you on Friday morning ?
We must find some time to read report .
That ’ s all right . Then see you on Friday afternoon .
I want to go to Lid Hotel .
Which bus should I take then ?
Thank you so much !
No problem .
Oh , Never mind , I finished my paper.So you can use it tonight .
Many children are learning drawing , dancing , swimming and so on in their spare time . You can follow suit .
Well , you should talk with your son and let him make his own decision .
Excellent ! Let ’ s set off .
Hold on , please .
Sorry , but she's out .
I'd be glad to .
Someone has stolen my gold necklace .
Of course not .
Yes , I've looked everywhere in my room and I can ’ t find it .
Last night on the dresser . I took it off before I went to the shower , and forgot to put it back on after the shower . And this morning I left the hotel in a hurry without wearing it .
Yes , I am positive .
Yes , I think I did . It has to be one of your maids who took it . I want my necklace back .
That just isn't good enough . Cet me your general manager . I want to speak to him now .
I can ’ t believe that Obama won .
I know ! He just made history !
I did . Did you ?
I am so happy that he is our new President !
I hope that he brings change to America .
I have faith in our new President .
Why not ? It's the very reason why I've applied for this job . It's really exciting for me to experience business in an international environment .
They don't mind .
What time is check-in ?
OK .
Thank you .
Certainly , sir .
I'm sorry , sir . What seems to be the trouble ?
I'll just go and check it for you , sir .
Do you know what kind of beef you want ?
How many pounds do you need ?
What kind of ground beef do you need ?
Let me go and get that for you .
No problem . I'll wrap it up for you now .
Hello , nice to meet you . I ’ m Mr . Gotcha . Have any trouble finding the place ?
So why don ’ t you tell me why you are interested in changing positions ?
What would you consider your strengths ?
What is your biggest weakness ?
We have a position where that could work out well .
The current owners will be moving out on Tuesday , so technically you could pick up the keys and move in on Wednesday .
You need to contact the utility company and make arrangements to transfer the utilities to your name .
If I were you , I would take a few days to take care of those things before you move in .
That would be perfect . That way , someone will be there , but you will have them right away .
I think that I have something else really important to do on that day . I just can ’ t remember what it is .
You are right . My mum must be crazy .
Wow . You are a real snake .
I know , I know . Kill , or die , right ?
I really feel sorry for that rhumba boy if he ever identifies himself .
Well , they consider some distinct but related problems , such as seeking for a target market or locating the promising customer . An exporter needs to know about the social characteristics of people he is dealing with .
Ok . You need to know what they like or dislike , what religions they follow . Especially you need to know how they behave , their habits and their way of life , the things that they are used to . Sometimes , people in different countries , have varying outlooks for cultural , political , religious .
It was a pleasure , Mrs . Robinson .
I helped break ... I mean WASH ... all the dishes !
Yeah , uh , it's outside . Listen , I really have to be going now .
Do you offer a safety deposit box rental service here ?
I'd like to put some valuables inside , you know , documents and jewellery , things like that .
What rental do you offer ?
I'll have to ask my wife how long she'll need it for as it is mainly for her belongings . I'll come back after we have discussed it . Thanks for your help .
He's with someone right now , would you hold ?
It really is.You ' Ve changed so much .
Yes . I've been through them and there's a problem , a rather major discrepancy actually . You see ? It should be KN509 .
Exactly , if we accept these it could cause a lot of problems in our record and our accounts system because the numbers don't match .
Yes . This is room 207 . There isn't any hot water in my bath room . Can you send somebody here , and do something about it ?
I am glad you are here ! See if you can find the problem .
Thank you for repairing it .
The significance of understanding the nuance and distinctions of foreign customs and business practices are a continual challenge for global entrepreneurs and trader . Despite many countries accession to TO membership , trade and investment frictions are still predominant among existing membership . However , these frictions will be better managed under the TO trade rules and the organization's dispute settlement mechanism .
Problem and disputes occur mainly due to difference in the laws of countries involved . For this very reason , it is imperative to establish from the outset which law governs when disputes arise . The most fundamental principle of all international contracts is the applicable laws and regulations . Make sure that the arbitration clause in your business contract be all-inclusive .
Yes , it will be your utmost interest to protect your intellectual property such as your innovations , idea , designs and copyrights in your target country .
The lack of regulatory transparency was a problem and still is to some extent . However , the countries are moving forward to deepen their reforms , new changes will involve the establisher of legal structures to sustain high levels of foreign as well a domestic private investments . This will surely strengthen the law and regulations in the countries , especially , areas related to trade issues .
Precisely , the actions the countries have committed to take are consistent with TO agreement .
Don't worry about it . It's just a drop in the bucket . That car has more scratches on it than I can count .
Very well , thank you . And you ?
That's right . How nice to see you again .
they are doing well .
Of course . They will be happy you asked about them .
Thank you for your invitation . I'm free tonight .
I prefer seafood .
That's fine . I'll be waiting for you .
Bye .
Do you have any other symptoms ?
Just a little . Has your toothache gone now ?
How about your tongue ? Does it still hurt ?
How did you get that burn again ?
You haven't had much luck lately , have you ?
When's the last time you took your tablets ?
I think it's time you took another dose of each . What would you like to drink with them ?
Sure , I'll just go and get it now . what would you like to eat ? Some soup ?
soup always makes me feel better when I'm sick . I hope it makes you feel better , too .
Yes , everything is fine .
Didn't they announce that our flight was delayed ?
We boarded the plane on time , but then we were held up for almost an hour due to a maintenance problem .
We finally took off , but about 30 minutes later , the captain came on to the loudspeaker to warn us that there would be some bad turbulence for most of the flight .
Yes , but this was the worst turbulence I'd ever experienced in my life ! Everyone started getting sick . The flight attendants had to stay in their seats . The captain decided to land early .
We landed in Southampton and waited an hour for the storms to pass and then took off again .
It wasn't too bad . At lease I'm alive .
I managed to get a sandwich from a flight attendant . How about you ?
No , sir .
Good-bye , sir
What about ?
Is there a problem ?
In three years your lease will be up .
If you do , I will keep your deductible .
I would keep it because you would be breaking our contract .
I hope that I cleared things up for you .
An all-day pass is 30 dollars for adults and 20 for children .
That'll be 60 dollars .
Here you are . Seventy-five cents , please .
Is there anything valuable in it ?
Shall I make out a receipt ?
That will be ninety-five cents in all .
Go ahead . Waste your money .
Well , I don't ... anymore .
I didn't say I was going to deprive myself .
Oh , hi , Leo . Sure , what ’ s up ?
I ’ m not in there very often . It ’ s so noisy that I can ’ t work .
Has anybody spoken to him about it ?
We can ’ t really ask him to stop having students come in for help , can we ?
How about recommending him to use the storage room down the hall ?
With the cabinets taken out , it might be bigger than it looks .
Let ’ s rock n ’ roll .
Yes , could you please put me in the non-smoking section ?
Yes , if any one is available . But not over the wing .
It doesn't matter , I will take an aisle seat .
Do you mean the contract for equipment rental or the one for training ?
Yes and no . Let me see if I can clarify that . The terms are the same except that the contract for training has a clause that allows for the cancellation after the first six months .
Sure . What I mean is that either side could cancel the training contract after the six months as long as it's in writing .
Yes , that's right .
Have you got any identification ( ID ) with you ?
What currency will you have ?
All right , and how will you have it ?
Here you are .
You should first write your name and contact information .
Such as your land line phone number , mobile phone number and e-mail box .
Then you should write your objectives , such as seeking a position in foreign trade .
Yes . After that you should emphasize your skills , educational background and related experience .
Don't worry . It will take time to accumulate experience . You need to be confident for yourself .
Generally from the college
Hello , madam . Where to ?
No problem.Get in now .
All right.Got it .
Thank you . It's very kind of you to invite me to such a beautiful place .
Thank you very much .
Thank you . Oh , it tastes nice .
I ’ m fine . I ’ Ve been out of town . I just got back .
I was in New York for a wedding .
I cannot , Mum . Nobody can help me !
You are going to have a huge bill .
Don't you wanna get it fixed now ?
Well , if you need anything , just let me know .
You sure have bad luck these days .
Yes . Where would you like to go ?
Of course .
Well . That depends on traffic , you know . It's pretty heavy this afternoon .
I'll try . Where exactly is your friend waiting ?
You've got it .
Here we are , Central Park !
Well , it's $ 12 .
Thank you .
I think it's my ankle .
One of my snowshoes got caught on a rock .
I don't think so.It ' s kind of sore .
Is that really necessary ?
About the same .
Should we be here , Alice ? I don't think it's that serious .
I hope not.It isn't that busy .
Is there any difference ?
I think I would like the former one .
Cartons . Is that okay ?
Well , what I can tell you is this . We've got an excellent record on making deliveries to our customers . Besides , all our cartons are lined with shockproof cardboards and are wrapped up with polyethylene sheets . So they're not only shockproof but also dampproof .
Well , I guess you can say that . The safety of packing is something we always pay a lot of attention to . Especially for those fragile commodities , we've got to be extra careful . Otherwise , if the things we don't want to see happened , we would be responsible and that'll cause you a lot of inconvenience , too .
We sure can if you want us to , but the charge will be much higher .
Sure , no problem . As I said , cartons are good enough for goods like this . You don't have to worry about it .
Hello . Is my laundry ready ? My room number is 210 .
Can you take the stain off ?
That's right . Can I get it back in the afternoon ? I really need them tonight .
OK . By the way , please get them pressed .
We'd like to have break fast in our room tomorrow ; Would you please arrange it for us ?
Shall I make an order now ?
That's really convenient .
Boy , you are lost . It's across town .
You can take a No . 12 bus here and then transfer to a No . 23 bus to get there .
Yeah , it'll take us there .
I always catch this bus .
It only takes about half an hour .
We can get off the bus right behind Macy's .
Yeah , it's right in the parking lot .
Yeah , I know .
Sorry , I can ’ t . I ’ m busy .
I always do volunteer work on the first Saturday of every month .
I help out at the children ’ s hospital . I help plan activities .
Yeah . It ’ s exciting . This month we ’ re doing crossword puzzles .
Yes . This is room 804 . I can't find my coat . I was wondering if it's in the lost and found .
It's a light blue coat . It's got a hood and a big silver zipper .
Last night . I think I may have left it in the lobby bar .
Thanks . I appreciate that .
Yes . Do you have any seats available on a flight for Beijing leaving at 15
One economy , please .
Yes , I want a pair of sport shoes , Jordan .
Size 41 .
They fit me . Can you make it a little cheaper ?
In response to your offer , the sellers have decided to counter-offer three hundred and thirty-five thousand dollars .
You can accept this offer or decline it and come up with another offer .
Personally , I would consider making one more offer , but it is up to you to decide what to do .
I will contact the sellers with your current offer .
Usually the response to the second offer moves along a bit more quickly than the first one .
Yes , your wife and your dentist called .
You're welcome !
Creativity , the ability to organize , the entrepreneur's spirit , comprehensive knowledge of human studies , ability of gathering information , expert competence of communication and deep professional skills .
If I'm in the service center . I'll listen to the client patiently , and accept the criticism objectively . Then I will have the claim reasonably settled .
What is it ?
Let me see . Wanted , manager for up-and-coming firm . Must have good organizational skills . Experience a plus . Please contact Susan Lee . Oh , I don't know ...
What about my resume ?
Thanks , Mary . You are real pal . I'll call now to set up an interview .
Though he's not the one who can get the highest score , yet , on the whole , he is comparable to the best .
I mean he's a student developing all round .
We offer various types of transportation . Perhaps you'd like to upgrade to a private vehicle ?
In that case , how about a limo ? Then you can travel in style .
Got it , sir . Where would you like the taxi to take you ?
What time do you want to leave the hotel ?
I'll call the taxi immediately , sir .
A brand new taxi is pulling up now .
Sure , I planted them . They're organic .
Well , it's a secret .
Well , honey , I can teach you how to plant them if you want to learn .
That ’ s great .
I want to go back to school .
I haven ’ t decided yet .
I ’ m never coming back .
I realize that .
Thanks . Things are going to be different now .
I need to fight this ticket that I got .
Yes , he is , Your Honor .
I was told by the officer that I ran a red light . That information isn't true .
I'm not sure , but the signal had a camera on it .
No , my picture wasn't taken .
Thank you very much , Your Honor .
I am very happy to know my work could be recognized by you and our company .
I really appreciate it . Thank you .
Don't worry about it . Just leave it to the insurance companies .
Yeah , more and more cars . People should try to take public transportation .
Yeah , sometimes I really feel like writing a letter to the mayor .
Have you taken this to the property management , yet ?
Where ? On the road ?
Is the car owner a lady with deafening voice ?
That's my wife !
Of course .
I have a plan for handling WebTracker . Step one is the Stars.com contract .
Don't worry about that , Dave . Look , I have to see Vince now . Think about what I said .
Huh ?
Okay , mom .
It will be hard at first , but I think I can do it .
I will do my best .
No Let's go to an ice cream parlor ! They have way more flavors to choose from there . I feel like having something special like Neapolitan ice cream .
It's three different flavors mixed together . Chocolate , strawberry and something green with candied fruit .
Absolutely ! They also have real Italian Galatian and French sorbets . They do a great baked Alaska .
Well ... l like the traditional flavors like rum raisin , butter pecan . maple walnut , strawberry , chocolate and vanilla . But now there are some new flavors from Asia like green tea and durian .
That's OK . We can go jogging , after we eat !
I think I ’ m tough not only physically but mentally .
I have been playing football since high school . At present , I ’ m a member of a community football club .
Yes . I practice every weekend with my teammates .
I never get tired . I think this comes from practicing football .
Frankly speaking , I ’ m a typical Chinese workaholic . I don ’ t mind working late at night . Due to that , I tend to leave the office late .
So far I haven ’ t met any particular kind . However , I may rule out those who prefer chatting to working .
It depends on the type of work . Usually I prefer to work alone , because I ’ m self-motivated . But I can work either way . If necessary , I don ’ t hesitate to join the team .
Your job includes paper filing a lot . Anc you will have to check and fill the stationer cabinet regularly . Besides , you have to reserve the meeting room in advance if the are any important visitors .
Of course to me .
Is that right ? I didn't know it .
Will you forgive me ? Could you return my camera ?
Oh , I see.Then can I buy slides and picture postcards somewhere ?
Yes.But Mary is no match for Susan in painting .
I could go for that . But I'm afraid our budget is a little tight this year .
We should probably think about going somewhere that isn't too far away . How about the countryside ? There must be many interesting places , and we could enjoy the fresh air .
Tomorrow I have an appointment with my dentist . What about next Monday ?
No need . I think it's still plenty full . Even so , I'd rather travel by bus or train . It would cost much less than driving . Oil prices are soaring nowadays , you know .
Great ! Oh , one more thing , don't forget to check the weather before we go . I'd hate to get caught in the rain .
Me , too . Now let's make a list for what we need to with us .
Haven't seen you for ages.Where have you been ?
In Thailand . I taught English there .
It depends what it is . Once we have disconnected the unit , we do as many jobs as we can . If there is something that isn't broken but might cause a problem before the next service then of course we repair it or replace that part . But if it's not urgent , we make a note in the service record to carry out that repair next time .
There is a supermarket in Kensington High Street . I'll come and give you a hand .
Here , take one of these trolleys . What do you want exactly ?
The fruit and vegetables are over there .
Over there .
Just fine , Mr . Emory . Could you please sign this memo ? I want to get it out to everybody this afternoon .
Yes . That ’ s for today . Thank you .
I want a leather jacket .
Size 40 .
Let me see . Do you think a brown one will do ?
Really ? Please get it for me .
Is this dress made of pure silk ?
Is it washable ?
How much , please ?
All right . Will you wrap it for me ?
I am a little bit shy and I blush every time I speak in public . I think I should open myself more and be more outward with people .
I am self-indulgent sometimes .
Yeah ? What does he want ?
I haven ’ t got two minutes at the moment . Can ’ t you go over things without me ?
Let's see ... You are importing fifty containers of textiles from China . They should be able to place your order before the end of next week . It will take 2 days for shipping to the port city of Ningpo . The freight will take 3 weeks on the open ocean , and will arrive in Los Angeles approximately a month from today . Domestic shipping will be your responsibility , you can make arrangements with the pier in Los Angeles .
No , the Chinese company has that all worked out . With the paperwork you receive with the shipment , you should be good to go .
Non-tariff barrier is another mean to restrict imports .
For example , some countries restrict imports by quantitative restriction .
This is used to protect local industries or to achieve certain political objectives .
Technical barriers are set for imported goods .
Yes , some countries may use some of the unnecessary health rules to exclude foreign food .
This is the interview class . Welcome to our class .
We are all learning things that will help us in our interview . What do you think are some important considerations going into your interview ?
Yes . Second , as you can imagine , attitude and friendliness go a long way .
Believe it or not , the interviewers are as interested in your questions as they are in your answers .
Always be honest with your answers . The interviewers really do want to know if you will be a good fit for them .
I see , we have explanation leaflet on the table.If you follow the directions it is quite simple .
Oh , certainly .
Oh really what ’ s happening ?
Ok but you must stay calm . Do you want me to give you a lift ?
Ok , wait one minute . I must remember where I left the keys .
Speaking .
0K . Well , I suppose I have no choice . What do you want me to do ?
I'm going out in about half an hour .
Oh , around seven o'clock , I suppose .
OK . I'll do that .
I have a really bad toothache ! My cheek is swollen and I can ’ t eat anything .
When you pull my tooth will you also have to extract the nerve and the root ?
I guess that ’ s what I get for not flossing or brushing my teeth three times a day .
Sure . Wait for a moment . Here you are .
Here is the menu .
I'm feeling a bit airsick .
Thank you . oh , can you get me some orange juice as well ?
What's your flight number ?
Are you a transfer passenger , sir ?
Then the north line is the right track for you to take .
We should make it , if there isn't too much traffic .
Yes , but don't worry . We'll make it .
Oh , do you really like it ?
Well , it's kind of you to say so .
Sure . It's really very easy . First , mix together an egg , two teaspoons of salt , and two pounds of ground beef . Then , add two ounces of milk . Are you with me ?
OK . Next , put the mixture into a baking pan and bake it forty-five minutes at 360 degrees .
Sure . Bake it forty-five minutes at 360 degrees .
Well I had several tests and an oral presentation this week so I didn ’ t get a chance to memorize the second page , but I think I mastered the tricky section .
Charles ? Before I start I was wondering if it was ok if I put a small crescendo in here and then decrescendo back to pianissimo again over here ?
It was horrible ! I played play it much better at home !
Is that better ?
Sorry ! The stretch for that octave is always hard to make .
Thank you , Bob ! This past week has been the beginning of Armageddon for many , a series of unprecedented meteorological events occurred around the world . In Switzerland , a major avalanche was reported in the Alps . Fortunately , no one was injured . Due to to the extreme cold this winter , a blizzard has struck the US Midwest , causing classes in schools and universities to be temporarily canceled .
Not a great week for the world ! Any good news ?
Yes , I would , as long as it's good quality .
OK .
Yes , are you ?
You don ’ t know what day the elections are ?
They ’ re this coming Tuesday .
Yes , I ’ m serious .
I can ’ t believe you didn ’ t know when the elections were .
You should watch the news more often .
What are you going to buy ?
I'm probably going to buy something too .
I want some sort of candy .
I want some chocolate .
I'm going to get a Snickers or a Kit Kat .
I'll just get a Snickers then .
You ’ re crazy ! You haven ’ t been here long enough .
What makes you say that ?
I disagree with you . They don ’ t all wear the same clothes ; they ’ re definitely not all blond ; they don ’ t all own Parker fountain pens ; they don ’ t all drink Coca Cola , and they don ’ t all chew gum . I do think they all drive cars though ! But that doesn ’ t have anything to do with how they look !
Is everything OK ?
So , since when is your house a bank ?
I mean , what ’ s up with the locks and iron bars on your windows .
What ’ s the matter with you ? Why are you acting all paranoid ?
OK , well , what did you want to see me about ?
Get used to it , Mary . I'm off hamburgers for good health . Most fast food is loaded with sodium .
My doctor says I should cut back on sodium-rich foods to lower my blood pressure .
Actually , my blood pressure isn't that high yet , but they say it increases with age .
I want to lower my risk of heart attack and stroke , too .
I've noticed you've been munching away on lots of fruits and vegetables recently .
How long have your headaches been going on ?
Any unusual amounts of stress in your life going on right now ?
Have you been able to sleep regular hours ?
Has anything hit you in the head lately ?
Let ’ s have you come back in a few days and see how you feel .
Yes , but it's quite a ways .
This bus doesn't take you directly there.You ' d have to change buses twice . I suggest you walk . It'll take you less than 20 minutes .
Go straight ahead through the intersection .
Keep walking till ou pass the square , then turn right . Walk past two lights and turn left at the third .
Keep walking and look for a tall building .
The right side . ICCC should be on the first floor .
You're welcome .
Yes . I believe you have a luncheon meeting this coming Wednesday . Could you give me some more information about that ?
Mmm , that sounds very interesting .
How much is it ? Is three hundred dollars enough ?
Oh , you've already grown up , son .
What is it ? It's eight in the morning .
No . I'm not a religious person .
Maybe next weekend . I went to bed too late last night .
Alright .
It is my honor to have this chance for this interview . Well , my major is commercial English . You know , and I am not only familiar with useful English expressions in business , but also learn some theories on this field . Besides , during my college learning period , I also attended some commercial activities to strive for the opportunity of practicing what I learned .
Well , I was a diligent student when I stayed in my college . I dislike meeting the deadline , when I am working on a project . I am always willing to complete it well ahead of the schedule .
Well , I lost my grandpa when I was only ten . I often recall the period when he fed me .
I will start my work at the beginning of next month .
I want to have a look at the microwave ovens .
Not really . What are these toys over there ?
I don't like its color . A bit too bright . Do you have a grey one ?
Really ? How so ?
Okay .
How about its quality ?
What about the price ?
Yes , sir . It's the specialty of our restaurant .
OK , sir . Don't you want to have some drinks ?
Are you looking for a small , medium , or large pan ?
Does this one look big enough ?
Well , what do you think of the aluminum pan ?
Here's the same pan , but it has a space-age , heat-resistant plastic handle .
I'm so happy that you found what you wanted . Do you want to use a credit card ?
Oh , I'm sorry . Here's the lid . Yes , it comes with the pan .
Thank you . I try to keep in shape .
Yes , as long as I can find the time . I like swimming best .
I like the back best . I am good at freestyle stroke , but I usually use breast stroke as it keeps me from getting tired .
I agree . I'm not good at it , either . Can you swim ? How about going for a swim this Saturday ?
Yes , I made a reservation for 3 days for April 3rd to 6th , and my name is Sara .
Well , I want to extend it for 2 more nights .
Yes .
Thank you .
Let me see . Would it be all right on Wednesday morning ?
Then I will see you in my office at ten Wednesday morning .
It should go to Altadena .
I'm not completely sure if it really does .
I'm almost positive that this is the right one .
We have been riding this bus for a long time .
I think it says Temple City .
I'm sorry . But at least we know which bus to catch to get back where we started .
Oh , thank you . Yes , please . What I need is to handle some domestic affairs .
Well , I need a Deposit Certification to handle this .
Yes , yes . Here it is . By the way , is there a handling fee ?
What's that supposed to mean — that it's weak ?
Mmm ! Beer , tequila , and ... lime !
Fresh tomatoes , green and white onions ...
I have a typical nine to five job . Actually , I work a little longer than nine to five most days .
No , I don't . I get a bonus each month , depending on the value of the contracts I sign with clients .
We have an hour-long lunch break from twelve to one . We can take coffee breaks during the day . My boss doesn't mind , as long as we get our work done on time .
There's some paperwork , but most of the time we put the information into our computers . Then we can send information to each other by email or across the network . Do you work in a cubicle ?
I work in a cubicle too , but I don't mind it .
Everything in that minibar has been consumed , sir ?
Is there anything special you'd like ?
Okay , sir . Three of each . Would you like anything else ?
Perrier , Jim Beam , and apples . Is that it for now ?
Your order will be brought to you momentarily , sir .
That depends . What does she look like ?
How tall is she ?
Is she chubby ?
It sounds like she's pretty good-looking . Does she wear glasses ?
How's her skin ?
Does she have any piercings or tattoos ?
What's the tattoo on her foot like ?
Even her mom ?
What's her personality like ?
So there is something wrong with her ! It was beginning to sound like she was too good to be true !
I'm not sure if I can , but I'll try .
I've prepared some L / C documents , all in accordance with the conditions . There shouldn't be any problems ; I've done about a million of these things recently .
Thanks very much . I'm sure I'll be back , so see you again soon . Bye !
Well , I've always used the Bank Book , but now I have this card . I don't know how to use it in the machine .
Yes , I sure can . I feel like a dinosaur with all of these youngsters and their electronics . This machine is working , then ?
Oh , it wants me to put in my PIN number . OK , I can do that ...
There are so many to choose from . I didn't know you could do all of this using a card .
Yes.Which kind of salad dressing would you prefer ?
I'll do that then .
OK . This way , please .
Let me see . 100 dollars .
Sorry . You can only pay in cash .
Thank you . Do you need the invoice ?
Sure . I'll get right on it .
It's nice , but still too expensive . Can you give me a 20 % discount ?
Come on . Let's split the difference , 15 % .
Show me your card , please .
That's right , sir . Here are your tickets . Have a nice day .
What's the matter , sir ?
No , I haven't sir .
But , sir , I didn't drink at all .
OK . I'll blow .
But I ...
I'm afraid I won't be free next week .
That's OK .
I'd like two kilos of eggs .
Do you have the eggs with the red yolk ?
Why ?
Oh , My God ! That's terrible .
Then give me the ordinary ones .
Next week there will be a meeting with the manager of USE Company ; this is an important opportunity for our company to have a new relationship with a new partner . So , I want you to prepare an instruction book with detailed introduction of our products . This introduction will be presented in the meeting .
Remember to add an agenda for this meeting and show our warm welcome to them .
Good idea ! The pictures will illustrate the performance of our products vividly .
A , do your best , it's very important .
Well , we could probably get started with a strategy meeting tomorrow morning at 8: 00 .
That's fine with me . How much time are we going to have to work on this ?
What for ? Oh , I see , you mean next year our company will expand business to the South Korea market .
Well , sounds promising . But I think our company will provide us with the language training courses if it is necessary . We need not bother signing for the language by ourselves .
Yes , you're right . We have to equip our company with a network of workstations at every office as soon as possible .
Good . We can contact the Tiana Office Furniture Store , and ask them to install computers in our company , deliver new tables and other furniture to match the function of the computers , and to improve our work atmosphere simultaneously .
Thank you , but I'm just looking around . How much does this skirt cost ?
May I try it on ?
Can you give me a better deal ?
Well , I'll give one hundred and eighty yuan for it .
No , this is my final offer .
Yes . There are several data documents about this contract . Please advise me which one I should give up .
I see . Thanks for your instruction .
OK . I am coming .
I have checked the weather report . It says it will be cloudy , but no rain .
Daniel , don't forget to take enough water and food .
Me , too , haha .
All right . Oh , I nearly forgotten , I left my sneakers at my office .
OK , after we finish our preparation , we'll go to the supermarket .
I don't feel well . I need an airsickness bag .
Thank you .
Yes , please .
What kind of jewellery do you like to have ?
May I show you gold ones or jade ones ?
OK , here they are .
Eight hundred yuan .
I'm sorry , we only sell at fixed prices .
It was nice talking to you too .
That would be fun .
I think we should go out to eat .
All right , so I'll see you then .
Okay , I'll talk to you later then .
Bye .
Yes , I'd like to change Australian dollars for RIB .
I am not sure . What's the rate today ?
What was the rate yesterday ?
Oh , the rate goes down .
Let me think ... Will the rate still go down tomorrow ?
Well , I want to change 1000 Australian dollars for RIB .
OK .
Thank you very much .
But then it'll be too warm .
Thanks so much . Miss , I believe I ordered my eggs scrambled , and these are fried .
Oh yeah . Here , I will just trade with him .
But I ordered waffles !
That's OK . I will eat my eggs and bacon , and you can take my pancakes back .
Thank you so much !
I have some I can bring from our place , and there ’ s some more out at my parents ’ .
Yeah . I have one from college at my parents ' house .
Sure , but I don ’ t have hot water , yet .
No , they ’ re coming tomorrow morning to turn the gas on . My phone should be working then , too .
Yeah , I can ’ t cook anything until tomorrow , anyway .
Take my VISA .
What ’ s going on ?
That can ’ t be right !
I don ’ t have another one .
I didn ’ t bring cash with me today .
I ’ ll come back for them tomorrow .
Well , I can say that the new models will be here in August . If you order one now , we will have it for you in August .
We have this new model in red , white , black , or silver . These are the standard colors . Of course you could specially order from various other colors too .
I know the color you mean . Is this it , sir ?
Yes , you can . That color is very popular with Honda buyers . So we've kept it available .
You have made a good choice , sir . I drive an Accord myself . They are very solidly built machines , very reliable .
Alright , sir . I will get the paperwork ready for you . Just a moment .
Well , your job is to compile and analyze financial information to prepare entries to accounts . You ’ re also responsible for preparing profit and loss statements and monthly closing and cost accounting reports .
Our company just concluded a business transaction . You can help with documenting varies financial sheets involved in this transaction .
You ’ re welcome . Feel free to ask me any time you need help .
Thanks , Monica . Without support from you and other colleagues , I would not have made it .
Well , just saying that you wanted to get promoted is not enough , you need to write down your desirable position and an available plan for achieving that adjective . Don ’ t be afraid of taking challenging . They might be opportunities and failing is not fatal . You learn more from that actually . Sometimes , you need to fail to be successful .
I think it is a smart idea . Our boss always likes it when employees take initiatives .
Three .
I am in charge of the trading department . I'm handling invoices , shipping bills and computing freight costs , that's most of the documentation .
I must be there no later than 9:00 .
I quit work whenever I get finished , usually about six o'clock .
No , the secretary does this . It's not part of my job .
I am working in a small company where further promotion is impossible , so I decided to change my job . I'd like to find a job which is more challenging .
It's July 5th .
I'm leaving on Sunday . We're going to Canada .
Yeah I know .
About 2 weeks .
I'm coming back on the 17th .
Ten more minutes , mom . Please !
I bet she will hang around with her mates after school .
Sure . Let me get it for you .
No problem . This one is made of pure gold .
You ’ re right . This one costs less , but is more beautiful .
No , we guarantee the quality .
Certainly , the mirror is right here .
Hello . I'd like to send 600 RIB in cash to my daughter . How long will it take for her to receive the money ?
Are there any extra charges , like commission ?
It's Cindy , you know that . Hey , Cindy , say hello to Maria .
She is also very naughty . By the way , do you have a dog , Maria ?
Oh , a cat ? Come on .
But I think they're dull , aren't they ?
Well , cats are certainly more independent .
oh , really ? so you just took home a stray cat ?
Poor cat .
Hello . My name is Jessica Smith . I ’ d like to cancel the newspaper .
8902365 .
845 lincoln Avenue .
Beginning the first day of next month .
Wang Yongmei .
I want to immigrate to the States because my daughter works and lives there .
About nine years
She is a teacher in a highschool , She teaches Chinese .
All right .
I'm fine , dad .
No , dad . Can I go there to play ball ?
Which bank ? There are two , the Allied Irish Bank and the Bank of Ireland .
You need to go to the Allied Irish Bank which is near the local shopping centre , Dunned Stores .
Cross the road and turn left at the other side . Walk along the footpath until you reach the traffic lights . You will see a shopping centre on the right hand side . Walk across the road and turn right after the shopping centre . Keep going straight for about 100m and the bank is to your left .
It's not so complicated . It's about five minutes walk from here . I can draw a map for you if you wish .
You will be going northwards . You are now in the the Western part of the city and the Allied Irish Bank is situated in the North East . Here's a rough sketch of the area .
Not too good , I'm sorry .
It was close.To be honest , you had the lowest price by three cents per hint , but they didn't like your delivery date.Acme promised them almost a full month sooner .
Yes , they loved the price , the delivery date was the problem . They just didn't want to cut the delivery date that close.If something went wrong and you didn't deliver , we might not be able to get stock in time for Christmas.If you could have been two or three weeks faster on delivery , they might have gone with you .
No.It was very close and they argued over the bid for a long time . Better luck next time .
That's possible , Bill.But the price would have to have been a lot lower , like around fifty cents per unit .
We've got several kinds . All are made of different materials .
Well , here is one made of duralumin . That's cheap and durable . Over there we've also got some made of stainless steel , and those over there are enamel ones .
Yes , sir . Stainless steel products are always popular .
Almost ready . Could you set the table ?
We'll have fruit salad to start and then the roast beef .
I didn't prepare it , but if you want , I can cook some . What soup would you like to have ?
You remember me ! Yes , I'm with Li Wang Enterprises ; I'm the Accountant Peters .
Well , we've just acquired a new business so we need to set up a lot of services with you . We are particularly interested in Agent Services .
Yes , I'm calling from Mexico . I will be in town next week and would like to know if you have availability .
Yes , July ninth . I will be there for seven nights .
What's the difference ?
OK , I would like to reserve the superior suite . Is breakfast included ?
Sure , my credit card number is ...
Here you are . You look younger in yellow .
$ 100 .
Sure . What ’ s up ?
Are you going fishing ?
Well , don't worry . I ’ ll take care of the business for you . Have fun !
Yes , may I have some water , please ?
May I get an order of barbeque wings ?
No , thank you , that'll be all for now .
I'm ready .
May I have the fettuccini Alfredo ?
Yes , that's it .
Yes , I think so . I ’ d like to have one medium steak , and a bottle of wine .
Ok .
What can I do for you , sir ?
OK . But which size should I use ?
I see . Should I have it bound ?
That is all right .
Oh , yes.Thank you . I'd be glad to .
I'm sure the output of your production will increase a lot .
Oh , thank you .
That will be best . I'd like to have a good rest first .
Ok . Shall we discuss the schedule in the lobby ?
Well , I ’ ll be glad to help you out . We can deliver what you need to your office .
Fine , I ’ ll bring both our office furniture and equipment catalogs on Thursday .
Yes ? Who ’ s calling ?
No , that ’ s no problem . I ’ m sorry to hear you ’ re not feeling well . Get some rest . If you need to see a doctor , let me know .
The Chinatown in Vancouver is the second largest Chinatown in the North America .
Yes , I am , thank you . I'll have three scrambled eggs with country ham , toast and jam , please .
I'll have a tomato juice and some iced tea .
Could I have a slice of pumpkin pie ?
That's true . I got the news yesterday .
You're flattering me .
Not bad . I'm confident . And I like challenges .
Thank you .
OK , I'll get it . It's for you , Jeff .
You could try shopping at a flea market .
A flea market is an outdoor place where people sell all kinds of used stuff .
Well , you can check the local paper or search ‘ flea market ' online .
Some friends of mine are going to visit me this evening . Would you please buy some fruit for me ?
That's a good idea . Can you help me to get some ?
A basket of lilies .
Right . Here is five hundred yuan in advance . Is it enough ?
Great ! Thank you very much .
To speak frankly , it doesn't depend on me .
I really want to obtain a permanent job . I won't leave as long as I have opportunity to apply my knowledge and get on well with my superiors and colleagues .
I know that generally it is possible to move from this position to a management position with two years experience in the company
Sorry . You've got the wrong number .
We have a variety of transportation services . Would you prefer a private vehicle to a taxi ?
Perhaps you'd prefer a limousine . That's such a stylish way to travel .
And what is your destination ?
I see . What time do you want to depart from the hotel ?
Okay , a taxi will arrive in seconds , sir .
It won't be but a few seconds , sir .
Yes , it really needs redecorating .
I don ’ t suppose you could .
I ’ ll be glad if you would .
150 pounds .
I can't bear eating less .
Yes , I'm now working in a company .
Right . I enjoy what I'm doing .
I seem to have lost my train ticket .
I ’ m supposed to be going to shanghai .
It ’ s supposed to leave in 30 minutes .
S M I T H .
Z3264356 .
Is there anything you can do for me ? If I don ’ t make it to shanghai in time , my wife is going go kill me .
How much is that going to cost me ?
I can ’ t possibly travel on a hard seat for 10 hours !
Yes , fine . Let me see how much money I have in my wallet .
Where ’ s my wallet ? Someone has stolen my wallet !
You ’ re right . It is . Let me have a look . I have 419.6 RIB . is that enough ?
Thanks , ma ’ am . You ’ re a lifesaver !
Yes . This is Mrs.Davinson . I'd like to reserve a two-room suite for tonight .
Mrs.Davinson . Mary Davison . M-A-R-Y , mary . D-A-V-I-N-S-O-N . Davison .
Thank you . Good-bye .
I've got a sore throat and my chest hurts .
Yes , I ache all over .
A little bit .
It's gone completely .
Is that all doctor ?
Thank you , doctor . Goodbye .
I really didn't mean to .
It looks okay to me .
What's wrong with it ?
I didn't do that .
If you'd just give me your number and insurance , then I'll handle it .
Don't worry .
I'm afraid you can ’ t .
Just a moment . Let me find out . Our manager Wil be here in a minute . So will you speak to him ?
What are you planning on making ?
The only way you're eating tonight is if you cook .
I don't know . What do you want to eat ?
That sounds delicious .
I already told you that I'm not cooking tonight .
I already know . Start cooking .
Yes . I want to rent a formal suit for an interview . Can you give me some advice ?
May I try this on ?
No , I haven't .
No , I don't drink .
I've got some cigars .
Two small boxes .
I am the manager.Can I help you ?
All right.Take a seat , please.Would you like to be a shop assistant or a cashier ?
So now do you want a full-time job or part-time job ?
Now we really need some part-time workers.You see , our full-time staff knocks off at five pm , but now we hope to extend the hours to eight pm.We need some part-time shop assistants to work 3 hours a day from five pm to eight pm.But I am not sure if you are qualified for the job.Since most of our customers are foreign , competence of good communication in English is necessary here .
That is fine . I think you have the qualifications needed for the job , so I will let you have the job.Does the work schedule suit you ?
Good.There is only thing to be settled.Ten RIB an hour is the maximum we can pay you.Is the rate of pay acceptable to you ?
Sure.You will get more if you can invite more customers with your good service .
That is good of you to say so.When can you start working ?
Ok.Let ' s make is next Monday . I n the end , you need to fill out the application form .
There are various kinds of tea in China . It depends on the taste and effect .
This is green tea , you can drink it in summer . It can relieve summer-heat and it is good for maintaining your lungs .
It is black tea , it has a strong taste and promotes digestion .
It is jasmine tea of high quality . It is fragrant and has a pleasant taste .
No problem . Wait for a moment .
He is in his office , but you'd better choose your words carefully while talking to him .
Nothing . But he is in a bad mood today .
That's all right .
Here you are . Have a nice stay here .
We will find you one . Wait a moment .
Yes , I think so .
Ok , under this contract , we ’ ll supply you with 600 dozen T-shirts , S , M and L equally assorted , at USD 100 per dozen , CFR London . Shipment in July . Payment by irrevocable sight LC .
You may rest assured that shipment will be effected within the time limits stipulated in the contract . But there is also one point I ’ d like to stress .
Your LC must be opened at least onemonth before the time shipment , otherwise we won't be able to catch the ship .
The goods will be inspected by the China Import & Export Commodity Inspection Bureau . It will then issue certificate of quality and a certificate of weight . These will be taken as final and biding .
Naturally . Each of us keeps one original and two copies .
Good .
Why do you need running shoes ? You aren't a runner .
That's not the same.Maybe you want to buy running-shoe-style shoes , but not real running shoes .
There isn't much difference . But there is some difference.For one thing , real running shoes are much more expensive.They have very lightweight materials.They ' re designed for serious runner
They look like running shoes.They have the same shape . And you can use them for running too.But they're not so serious . They aren't designed for serious runners.You can use them for exerce
That's right.If you want a really lightweight shoe , you should buy a high-quality running shoe .
But it's a waste of money . You won't really run in them ! You don't need such a shoe to use exercise machines . It's just a waste of money .
Well , do what you like.There are different kinds of New Balance shoes though.You don't have to buy the most expensive .
Your sister is a fitness expert , huh ?
I really think you are stubborn about some things.But here . Let's look at the New Balance shoes .
Yes , that's it . That's their top model .
Well , we can wait for the assistant to help us , or we can look through the boxes down here . What is your size ?
Well , here you are . Size six . Woman's . 137 dollars.Wow , what a waste of money !
Well , I am not sure . Lets me check my agenda
I am free on Tuesday afternoon from 2 PM to 4 PM , is it convenient for you ?
Yes , there is . See you then .
Thank you .
Certainly . ( He brings her the sauce . ) Here you are . Can I get you anything else ?
Yes . My eyes are small so I want to buy false eyelashes .
Can you recommend me one ?
I'd like to pay some money in using my card , please .
Here it is . I usually use the machine , but there seems to be such a long queue at the moment .
I'll look forward to that , I can't stand queuing .
1,000 RIB , it should all be there .
OK , done . When will it show in my account ? Not for withdrawal , I mean just registered .
That's fine . OK . Thanks .
What's wrong with it ?
Oh ...
Sorry , love .
My cigarettes .
In the dustbin ! Why didn't you tell me before ?
But yesterday you said you would rent it .
Why is that ?
Maybe you ’ re right .
Say it .
That's right . And in my opinion , to push the sale of the new products is not an easy task .
Could you put it in detail ?
I think the idea is very good . In the promotion campaign , two or more media are used together , so as to draw customers ' attention and keep hold their attention to larger extent .
I think TV is also an effective media , as long as our company is willing to spend more money on it .
I also think good advertising is essential to call attention to a product and introduce our L-series products . Meanwhile , ads are also the representation of the company's image .
You are not going to believe this . Do you remember the dress we saw at Mayors that was so beautiful and expensive ? I got it today at half price .
How can you stay so calm ? Aren't you going to take a look to see if there is anything for you ?
But there won't be anything good left .
Thank you , Mary . We have been looking forward to trying out this restaurant .
Sure , that sounds great . Where are your appetizers listed ?
The chicken and cheese quesadilla looks good . Is that pretty good ?
OK , I'll take one order of that .
Perfect ! Please add on an order of onion rings .
Oh , how annoying !
What a nuisance !
I saw a lot of teenagers when Alan and I were there yesterday .
Speaking of that trip , Alan bought a shirt at a department store , but the sleeves are too long . Do you know a seamstress or tailor who can shorten them ?
Isn't that complicated ?
We ? Do you want to go with me ?
What do you do there ... hang around , like the kids ?
Yes , I'm looking for a new winter coat .
I don't know really.What ' s the fashional color this year ?
Good.Red suits me very well.It ' s a cheerful color , isn't it ?
Well , I used to be size fourteen , but I've put on a bit of weight recently , so may be sixteen .
I quite like this one.How much is it ?
Oh , that's too expensive.Aren ' t there any cheaper ones ?
Yes , I see . I'll take it.Here ' s $ 200 .
Thank you .
I can't , I have to go to the gym .
Actually I will ! I am working out with a personal trainer that gets on my case if I don't go . I like it , because it makes me feel more obligated to go and get healthy .
Yeah . He makes a work put plan depending on the areas I want to work on , or the muscles I want to build . Like for example in order to get better muscle tone in my abs , pecs and biceps , he makes me work out with free weights . Then for my quads , calves and hamstrings , I do leg lifts or squats .
Take the A train south to the Liberty Ave . stop . You should be able to find it from there .
The southbound A trains say Brooklyn .
Yeah . Hey ? What are you doing ? Let the people off the train before you get on .
Jeez . Tourists .
What's the problem ?
Really ? That's something unexpected . You see , all our exports were strictly inspected before shipment . The goods were in perfect condition when they left .
That could have happened in the course of transit or unloading , due to rough handling .
But there is nothing wrong with our packing . Our cartons are standard export ones and we also enforced them with straps .
I don't think the stevedores could have handled them with great care .
Sure . The exhibits on display were really fascinating .
Good idea . Let's ask the officer for help .
I've got a headache and a cough .
What should I do , doctor ?
Yes .
Thank you .
Oh , is it ? Let me check .
I'm sorry to say this room charge is yours .
Do you have any evidences ?
I ’ m a firefighter .
I ’ m really lucky to do something I really love .
I work downtown at station 24.It can get a little crazy sometimes but that ’ s what makes it challenging .
Here it is .
For one week .
For sightseeing .
At the Hilton hotel .
No , nothing .
Why ? What's the problem ?
Okay , I'll get Bob to cover you .
It ’ s my job . What can I help you with ?
In what room is this pipe ?
When did the pipe start leaking ?
I will need to tear down that wall to fix that pipe .
You ’ re fine with that ?
Okay . I will begin working on it now , if you ’ d like .
Go ahead , please .
You ’ ll have 10 days paid vacation every year .
We will provide you wit life insurance , health insurance , accident insurance , housing benefits , heating allowance and transportation allowance .
You ’ ll be paid a bonus at the end of every year .
We provide our employees with training opportunities at home and abroad .
Sure . I will ask Lucy to call you in two days .
You ’ re welcome .
It's in aisle A .
I don't know . Check the flyer or check with the produce person .
Where is your wine list ?
Do you have any mixed drinks available here ?
I heard that you are famous for your drinks . What are your specials ?
I would love a margarita right now ! That is what I am going to order .
I prefer my margarita on the rocks , please .
No salt , please .
Oh , I ’ m sorry . I forgot about those completely . I ’ ll bring them by your office .
You bet . I ’ ll swing by after lunch , okay ?
I think so , ‘ cause I remember the policeman told me this is the very way .
Just head straight up the street about two blocks and then turn left .
Yes , would you keep our bags until 6pm .
Yes we checked on just now .
Is this all right .
Thanks a lot .
No , there ’ s no need . We can change it within two days if it ’ s not damaged .
I know . I will pay attention to such a thing next time .
I'm going to Disneyland .
This first one , I have a question ... This graph is marking the sales performance for our line of hair products , right ? Can this line be right ? It looks like our sales plummeted . I can't believe we did that poorly ... If I remember correctly , sales went down slightly , but not as dramatically as the graph shows .
Well , the good news is the new industrial cleaning products really took off . Look how the sales have shot up over the last two weeks .
At lease they stayed the same . That's better than dropping .
I may get some fruit .
I tend to only eat grapes and apples .
I've always liked green apples .
Why do you say that ?
You'd rather eat a red apple ?
They're okay , I guess .
No , Mum , I'd rather stay inside .
I prefer staying at home and watching TV .
Yes , but a football game is next .
I just enjoy watching games .
Can you tell me where your wine list is ?
Can we order a mixed drink in this restaurant ?
Do you have any house specials that you could recommend ?
That sounds like a good choice for me . May I have one , please ?
Please bring it to me on the rocks .
I would like it with no salt , please .
Something awful happened . We went to the Portobello Road , and someone stole my handbag .
No . Only a few pounds . But my passport was in the bag . That ’ what I ’ m really worried about .
Sure . Here you go .
Okay , Bob , What is it ?
All right .
Yes , here you are .
Well , it's straight , but it's upside down I'm afraid .
Come over and chew the fat . We can enjoy to our hearts'content .
Do you have an appointment , Mr . Liu ?
Mr . Thomas is quite busy , I ’ m afraid he won ’ t be able to see you today .
Have a seat please while I call .
I ’ m sorry , Ms . Fairbanks . I won ’ t let it happen again .
I understand , Ms . Fairbanks .
Well , it depends on what you have .
It takes only one day and you could experience almost all the famous spots in the city , I don't think you would like to miss it .
50 dollars per person .
Of course . Please take it easy .
Why not ?
Yes . I urgently need a room for tomorrow night , and do you have any vacancies ?
I'd like a suite with an ocean view , please .
What is the price of the suite ?
It is a little high . I'm told that your hotel is offering discount now .
Oh , I see . Then do you have anything less expensive ?
OK , I will take it . By the way , does the price include breakfast ?
My name is David White .
That is D-A-V-I-D , W-H-I-T-E .
About three days .
Thank you . See you .
I want to work in the banking industry . I ’ Ve always been interesting in working for an international invest bank . I ’ d like to help people invest their money .
Yes . I ’ Ve sent letters to several banks . A few have invited me for interviews after we take our examinations .
Which field would you like to work in ? have you decide yet ?
Perhaps you should apply to banks as well . They need people to market their service . As you said , the banking industry pays well .
What did you need to talk about ?
Like what ?
Your lease will be up in three years .
If you move out before then , you will not get your deductible .
Because our contract says that you will live here for three years .
I ’ m glad you understand .
No , the steak was recommended , but it is not very fresh .
So what ? It is not fresh and I'm not happy about it .
No , thank you .
No problem , if possible I always combine business with pleasure . Now , let ’ s hear more about these chocolates you ’ re offering .
Mmmm , sounds interesting ... gourmet chocolates , where are they produced ? Belgium ?
Really ? I didn ’ t think they were known for their luxury chocolate production ...
Oh , thanks . Mmm , hmm , creamy texture , very smooth ...
Yes , very interesting flavors ... Slightly spicy , very unique , that ’ s for sure . Exactly what ARE the ingredients ?
Haggis ? What ’ s Haggis ?
Which man ?
Oh , he's the coach of the football team .
Hi . I would like to get an internet plan for my house .
I have no idea what kbps means . I just want to be able to get online , play games and chat with my friends . Oh , and watch movies online as well .
Do I have to pay an installation fee ?
Awesome !
Certainly . I'll do it for you right away . Sorry the drugs on this order are out of stock .
Would you prefer to take similar medicine of other brands ?
Certainly . I recommend this medicine . It's the same medicine , same quality , at a much lower cost . And it helps just as much . In fact , you'll feel better just by saving the money , I promise .
This is for internal use . Two tablets , four times a day .
You're welcome .
Of course , pick up the receiver , hit a button and listen for a tone . Are you hearing it ?
Well , after you dial 9 on the keypad , you should hear the tone change .
When you dial 9 and hear the tone change it means you have an outside line . Who are you trying to call ?
For an outside call you now just dial the number . For a company number you need to know the extension . Do you have a list of extensions ?
You can always look an extension up on the company website .
What's that ? I thought our negotiation went very well .
$ 1500 is almost the lowest price we can offer .
You get what you pay for , considering the high quality , our price is very reasonable .
Sorry , I can't give you an immediate answer for this problem , let me talk to our general manager first .
Take it easy , madam . And speak slowly . May I have your name first ?
What's your son's name ?
Can you describe his appearance to me ?
OK , I see . Dear Daniel , please come to the broadcasting station when you've heard this , your mother is waiting for you . If other tourists see a boy in a blue sportswear and a pair of white sportsshoes , 1.4 meters , please ask him to go to the broadcasting station . Thank you !
There's a copy machine on the first floor in our computer lab , sir .
It's ten cents a copy , sir .
A dime is still a bargain , sir .
What are you thinking of getting ?
You can get a burger , or some Chinese food . Or maybe you can get some Mexican food .
Where are you going to get your Chinese food from ?
When I want Chinese food , I go to Panda Express .
The food isn't bad there .
yes , I experienced one when I was in Tokyo once . The tremors only lasted a few seconds though and then it was over .
I don't remember , but it wasn't very serious . Have you ever been in an earthquake ?
where are you from ?
did your house ever get damaged from the winds ?
wow , that must have really been scary .
have you ever experiences a flood ?
that sure didn't last long !
I'm a great driver .
Have you gotten your learner's permit ?
Have you ever been behind the wheel ?
You do know all the controls in the car , don't you ?
Tell me when you want me to teach you .
I'm not busy tomorrow . Call me then .
You finished everything in there , sir ?
What would you like to order ?
Uh-huh . What else do you want ?
No problem . Is there anything else I can get for you ?
I'll get all of that for you right away . Someone should be up shortly
Could you tell me the advantages of it ?
There is something in what you said , but what is the rent ?
In my opinion , the rent is far more expensive than that in other areas .
Your intention is good , but I still can't agree with you . If no one would like to share it with you , you have to pay it all by yourself .
I agree with you in this way . But how often do you go to work or shopping per week ?
In my opinion , you have to go to the university every day , and the fare would cost you most of your living expenses if you live here far away from the university .
Yes , do you have an appointment ?
Well . The doctor doesn't see nobody without an appointment .
Oh , I see . Maybe we can fit you in at 3 .
Oh , why didn't you say it's an emergency ? Here , fill out this form and take a seat . I'll send you in next.You don't have insurance ?
How about traveler's insurance ?
Can you pay cash , then ?
All right , all right , relax . I am only trying to do my job .
Is Diana in ?
Yes , please ask her to call John Smith .
Yes , I can .
About 100 words a minute .
Yes , I can speak Spanish , and I can also speak Chinese .
No , I can ’ t speak French . But I can speak Italian , not very well though .
Next week ?
You mean I have the job ?
Yes.May I help you ?
We're very sorry to cause you a lot of inconvenience .
We're rather busy right now.It will take another 15 minutes .
I'm afraid it would take 15 minutes at most .
What ? You don ’ t know the first thing about gardening !
Oh yeah ? Tell me then , smarty pants , how will you go about setting up your garden ?
What type of tools ?
Right . Well it seems like you have all your bases covered . What ’ s next ?
Well , good luck with your garden , especially considering we are in the dry season and it won ’ t rain for the next three months !
What ?
Huh ? Oh , my name is Laura .
Huh ? I can't hear you , the music's too loud .
Hold on , my ears are still ringing from the music ... what was it you asked me ?
Sometimes , usually once every few weeks . Do you ?
I usually come with a group of friends . We dance a little , have a few drinks , and just have a good time .
That's good . It's good to hit the books , but you need to get out once in a while .
Who's calling ?
No , I haven ’ t , but I thought about joining the green party .
Yes . I was . But I didn ’ t have enough time to devote to it .
You ’ re right . But smaller political and pressure groups can often influence large political parties . Any member of parliament can propose legislation and parties and pressure groups can raise awareness
That ’ s true . But it ’ s a little strange because the media often reports on political events . You can read about them in newspaper or hear them on tv .
Yes ?
Pardon ?
Yes , it is . Thank you very much .
I see . It's on top of the hills .
I know . It's a major symbol of China .
Do we have any choices ?
Ah ... let's just climb . It's more fun , I think .
Well , that was tough .
This looks great . When was it built ?
That's remarkable .
Not a bad idea !
Well , let's see . I'd like to go to the Summer Palace .
Really ? How much is it ? Oh , it's 42 yuan ! How expensive !
How come ? I have never seen such a popular book before .
You are right . Let's buy the cheaper one .
Hello , could I speak to the export manager , please ?
This is Joey from Mary trading company . I learned that you are the leading export of cloth by Hummed company .
We are interested in cloth made in China . The clothes are sold very well here . We are a big location supplier for the northeast market here . I'm thinking that we'll have some business opportunities .
Yes , I'd like to see that . What does it clean exactly ?
What does the unit consist of ?
I'm doing it for fun and fitness .
At the age of 64 ? You're kidding !
Pete ! Nice to see you Well , on top the norm , you know , wife and kids and work , I ’ Ve actually gotten into doing some trading .
Currencies .
It ’ s called Forex . Foreign Exchange . The great thing about it is that I don ’ t have to invest a huge amount . I put in a margin deposit and then I can buy and sell up to 100 times that much !
You got it ! Just last night I made USD 150 !
Yeah ! It ’ s a 24 hour market ! I had bought some RIB earlier at a low asking price but last night it appreciated drastically so I made a split second decision and sold all my RIB at an amazing bid ! I ’
I can help you . What location are you looking for ?
Have you thought about what your needs are in terms of size ?
Is living in a particular school district important to you ?
Are you interested in purchasing on the lake , or would you like a home with a view ?
Now that I have an idea of what you want , I can begin my search .
I want to see you play . Be quick !
Fine . Shanghai and Beijing are thousands of miles away . How about bullet train ? Faster and relatively cheap , I think .
Oh , what a shame . Only sleeping cars have tickets . Others are all out of stock . The price of the sleeping car is almost the same as the airplane.You see , the discount plane tickets are no more than 500 yuan . A good deal , isn't it ?
Hello ? Can you help me ? My computer ! Oh man ...
I turned on my laptop and it broke ! I mean , the monitor went black !
I don ’ t feel sick , ... let me check ... Nope ! No fever , I ’ m fine .
Phew ! . . . Wait a minute , CRASH ? ? ! ! Spyware ? Trojans ! What ? where ? when ? !
It's about time .
Okay , let me take a look .
Sounds pretty good . I see the equalizer has a good selection of settings .
Hmm . This system seems to have everything I'm looking for . It's a bit pricey , though . I'll have to think about it . Thanks for your help .
I have four years study in the Department of Mechanical Engineering and it has given me a solid theory foundation . Moreover , I have worked at CAB Company for 4 years and got a lot of practical experience .
I am a senior mechanical design engineer .
Yes . Here it is .
Of course , I designed a more powerful gasoline engine , which greatly increased the speed of limousines .
You see this is the first time for me to use the swimming pool . I've got no idea about the water temperature of the pool . I'm afraid it might be a little cold .
I see . But I'm not a good swimmer . Can you tell me how deep the pool is ?
That's great ! Can you give me the key to the locker ? I can't wait to have a try .
Today is my wife's birthday , so I want to buy a bouquet for her .
I have no idea .
But rose is too common .
It looks good . Pack me a bouquet of violet , please .
My watch says half past five .
Oh yeah . It loses only a few seconds in the whole month .
Hi . What ’ s up ?
Okay , I ’ ll ask my plumber to come by and fix it today . What else ?
What ’ s the matter with it ?
I ’ ll get an electrician to repair it as soon as possible . Is that everything ?
I ’ m sorry . There ’ s nothing I can do about that . You ’ Ve got to call the phone company .
You ’ re welcome .
Happy to see you-too-Mike.How ' s your family ?
I would like to have my coat washed .
That's it.By the way when can I get it back ?
Well , but I need it tomorrow morning .
That's fine . Please send it to my room tomorrow morning .
What's the matter ? Please tell me . Maybe I can help you .
Don't worry . I know about this .
First you should have a salutation , which can be the company's or a person's name .
Then you can write about his performance in college , including his academic achievements and his competence .
You can also state his personality traits , hobbies and relationships with schoolmates and so on .
You can write all his strengths in the recommendation letter .
You should also state that you are his class president , so you are qualified to write this recommendation letter
Yes , thank you . I just want to have a smoke . Can I smoke in the aisle ?
OK . That's fine .
I feel itchy ! I can ’ t stand it anymore ! I think I may be coming down with something . I feel lightheaded and weak .
What ’ s wrong ?
Maybe it ’ s just a rash or an allergy ! We can ’ t be sure until I see a doctor .
Are you serious ? You always blow things out of proportion . In any case , I think I ’ ll go take an oatmeal bath .
I'll see if she is in .
I'm afraid she's out .
Yes , of course .
Sure .
It's my pleasure .
I am . Are you ?
Is that right ?
Voting isn ’ t difficult .
They tell you everything on the ballot .
You ’ ll be okay .
You should be excited about your first vote .
The keys will be turned in on Tuesday night . The house will be yours at that time .
You can tell the utility company what day you are moving in , and they will transfer the utilities to your name .
Take advantage of the house being empty to clean and paint . It will be harder to do after the furniture and appliances have arrived .
That will be good . You are going to want your stove and refrigerator right away .
I think I am getting a fever and will be too sick to help you . Here , feel how hot my head is !
OK , but do you want to talk to your wife if she calls ?
All right .
Yes , please . I'd like to buy a gift for my younger brother . He's going to take a trip to South America .
By air . So my gift should be quite light . What can you suggest ?
My sister already gave him one . I like something unusual .
Oh , a nice handkerchief . That's a great idea . I'll take it .
Let me see . Your plane leaves from Gate 12 . You should go to Gate 12 to board your plane
Take the escalator over there and turn left , you'll see the sign .
I love it . I really enjoy creating a meal from various ingredients and watching my friends enjoy it . It gives me a real sense of satisfaction . Do you enjoy cooking ?
You can ask the guests to help . My guests usually insist on doing the washing up . I just have to remind them where everything goes .
Italian , Indian , and Chinese . I ’ Ve only recently started cooking Chinese meals and I need some more practice .
Not at all . You can find most of them at supermarket . The ingredients are usually the same as in western food . The way that the food is prepared is the big difference , not the ingredients .
Obviously , it depends on what I'm cooking , but I'd say it generally takes about one and a half hours .
Uh , yes . I'm going to the States and I need some traveler's checks .
One thousand U . S . dollars .
Oh , no . I want to withdraw from my U . S . dollars savings account .
Right . Here it is .
Mm . In hundreds , please .
Yes.If you don't mind sharing room with someone else , there's one available .
800 yuan a month .
Sorry , but I'm on my way out now.Could you come back in an hour ?
Good morning , sir .
Right here , how can i help you today , sir ?
Do you have an account this bank , sir ?
May i please see ID ?
Today's rate is 2.57 Singapore dollars for 1 US dollar , here is your money , sir.Please count it and sign your name here .
You can cash them here , how much do you want to cash ?
How would you like it ?
Ok , here you are .
Thank you , have a good day .
He's cute ! He looks like Tiger Woods ! But , I can't dance ...
Nice to meet you . I'm Wen , and this is Nikki .
She doesn't mind if you don't mind getting your feet stepped on .
You should send him to the boarding school . He need a strict teacher .
Hmm , they look interesting . Can I have a copy of your brochure ?
OK . Go ahead .
How amazing ! I have never seen it before . Is it expensive ?
OK , I will take one .
Oh , I'm sorry , Nigel . I'm rushing to a meet right now .
Sure , but this week is crazy for me . Can we make it next Monday ?
That's fine . See you then .
What are you planning on cooking ?
If you plan on eating , you are .
What do you feel like having ?
That sounds really good .
I have no plans on cooking tonight .
I knew that already .
Who do you know there ?
I see .
Yeah , but it isn't more expensive than international calls .
Easy . Dial the area code for Connecticut ; then dial your friend's number .
Check the local time before you call . You don't want to wake your friend up by accident .
Just a moment , sir . Let me check the reservation list . Sorry , I'm afraid we're fully booked tonight . Would you like to make a reservation some other time ?
Yes , the same service and food as in the evening .
OK . Your name , please ?
Good . Thank you very much .
I see .
I graduated from Peking University .
I studied economics , I am especially interested in the economic development of China .
I like Business Management , and i think it's very useful for the present work .
I've taken courses on office administration , reports and correspondence writing . I think all these are closely related to the job of assistant manager , because it requires the ability to perform general office work and to assist the manager in handling all paperwork .
You should pay close attention to your manner of speaking . Speech is a reflection of personality , you know . You should reflect confidence by speaking in a low voice , loud enough to be heard without being aggressive or overpowering .
Your speech should not call attention to itself , but should reveal your individuality and ability .
You ’ d better overcome your nervousness . it is considered an indication that you lack self-confidence .
In China , it is impolite to look into the senior speakers eyes while speaking . But in Western countries it is the opposite . Eye contact gives a strong feeling of sincerity . Looking downwards or sideways shows that you are either insincere or absent-minded .
Yes . Don ’ t eat onions or garlic before you come . If you do you ’ ll have bad breath .
You should never chew gum or smoke during an interview , even if you are allowed to do so .
I would like to speak to Mr . Miles .
Yes . Can you tell him Bob White called ?
He knows who I am .
I can be reached at 544-879-9087 until 5 p . m . today .
Thank you .
Oh , my God . It ’ s beautiful . But it looks expensive .
I want to have a car like that . But I am not rich . And I don ’ t have a rich daddy .
Thank you very much .
I am looking for a more challenging position . I can ’ t grow anymore in my current job .
I have studied carefully the information about your company on the internet and I have checked your company ’ s homepage . I am impressed by the company . And I like the products a lot . Since you ’ re growing steadily , I would be very eager to help you to improve your accounting system .
I work quite well with a team . I ’ m a good team player . I respect people , cooperate well with member ’ s team . And I will do my best to help team members .
I ’ d like to bring to ABC Company not only my technical skills , ambition , enthusiasm , but also my loyalty , a sensor desire to become an administrative assistant . It is the hardest of my career plans .
I want a shirt .
Well , do you have the same in black ?
It looks delicious . Can you tell me how to enjoy it ? It's my first time to eat it .
Thanks a lot .
Yes , they all stop at this corner .
You can take any bus except the Number 9 .
They run about every five minutes .
About fifteen minutes . It's not far . Are you a stranger in New York ?
How do you like New York city ?
You'll soon get accustomed to it . It's not difficult . Well , here's the bus . Fortunately , it's not full .
Don't mention it .
Well , frankly speaking , I am running a little behind . It's 40 % done .
I have little chance to communicate with colleagues when I have problems . They are always too busy to help a green hand like me .
I did . But I am so depressed because there is nobody that will help me .
I see your point , but I seem to be on bad terms with them .
Thank you so much .
That's a good idea . I can learn many useful things from books .
Well , I will do it better .
Thanks very much . I promise I will work harder .
Would you like some coffee or tea ?
How would you like your coffee ?
Coffee will be right with you .
Good afternoon . I need some stamps and envelopes .
A dozen 30 - cent stamps and 6 envelopes .
That ’ s all . How much altogether ?
Thank you very much .
Yes , I do .
No , by train . I think it's much safer than bus .
yes . Which one is the brake again ?
I ’ m glad this car is an automatic . I don't like having to change gears .
you should also put yours on . you never know what will happen with me in the driver ’ s seat !
I can ’ t see anything out of the side mirror on your side of the car . Could you move it forward a bit , please ?
that ’ s better . Now what ?
the tank is almost empty . I guess I ’ ll drive to the petrol station to fill it up .
I got it . Don ’ t worry . I ’ ll get you there in one piece .
why does that cop car behind me have its red lights on ?
I go to the gym every day to keep fit .
I've been doing yoga for a long time .
Yoga is used to promote people's physical , intellectual and mental harmony and healthy .
Oh , I feel really tired and sweat a lot .
Sure . But more importantly , I can have peace of mind .
Yes , I think so . I have just checked out . But I left my book in the room . Can I get it back ?
Yes , thank you very much .
I booked a room here .
Brown , Jason Brown .
That's right
Yes .
OK . Is this all right ?
Here you are .
In cash .
Thanks .
Thank you . It looks very attractive .
Tasty and tender ! It must be one of the famous local dishes .
And it must be very particular in cooking .
I see .
It is called Energy Collector .
Maybe . Oh . I see the Jungle Flying Train . I once rode it.It was very exciting .
Me , too . Daniel , look at your left side . Can you see the Air Force Ants ?
Good , you can make your dream come true here .
So you can prove you are a man .
It's just you !
Oh , really ? Nice to meet you . I thought they were going to leave me here on my own ! How long have you been with the company ?
Does it ever ! Well , let ’ s get started . If you could begin typing this letter now , I ’ ll see what else needs to be done .
Hello , I ordered a dining table last week . The order arrived today , but there are several scratches on the surface of the table . I would like to exchange it .
Well , I'm hosting a dinner party this weekend . Couldn ’ t you make it any sooner ?
OK , thank you .
No so good . I broke traffic regulations yesterday and I got a ticket .
Certainly , as long as you don't tell my wife .
What happened ?
Where ? my car ?
Thank goodness !
That's terrible .
I apologize for that . But the space is too small .
Can we solve this later ? I am calling the insurance company .
Is this a temporary job or something more permanent ?
When you get your next Continued Claim Form , you should just write down where you worked and note that you no longer need unemployment .
Just because you work for a week doesn ’ t mean that you will be losing your benefits .
Yes , where do you want to go ?
This is the right bus .
Certainly . Four more stops after this . I ’ ll call out the stops .
My washing machine isn't working .
The water will not drain .
No , that's it .
When will you be able to fix it ?
That would be perfect .
See you then .
I am kind of busy right now , but maybe later next week I could stop by .
What problems did you find ?
I don ’ t really consider any of that to be my responsibility . You can fix those things yourself .
I am maintaining the building . You are way too picky !
You wouldn ’ t dare do that !
She is now in a private school .
It's idea of my husband . He is always banging the drum for better schools .
So it seems . And what are you going to do about that ?
Yes , I hear about it every time she comes here .
I think she misses that job and wants to take it out on us .
I think she just likes to make us miserable .
Oh , really ? Nice to meet you . I thought they were going to leave me here on my own ! How long have you been with the company ?
Does it ever ! Well , let's get started . If you could begin typing this letter now , I'll see what else needs to be done .
Good idea . How about a cup of coffee ?
Yes , can we help you ?
What sort of problem ?
Is the wet patch just in one place ?
Did you look in the attic ?
Is there easy access to the attic ? We'd better look since there may be some flooding there as well .
OK , we can come early this afternoon . Is anyone going to be at home ?
Right , we have an urgent job this morning but we should finish around lunch time . We will then come straight over to your house .
I'll throw out the garbage .
and what if it doesn't work out , right ?
You need to quit thinking like a loser . invoking is going to kick butt . You know how I know ?
Because I won't let it fail .
I think so , but how should we write it ?
Yes , it should be so . Then we should write the body and in the body we should mention the place where we saw the job advertisement .
We should write our skills and let the company know we are competent for the job .
Oh , you have recommended yourself very well . I should think about how to recommend myself as well .
Yes . At the end , we should conclude the letter with greetings .
Yes . You could use five or six units.But five or six wouldn't be very efficient . I recommend seven .
Let me calculate the price for you . I can give you a 15 % discount if you buy the seven units.Let ' s see here . Your total would be 5929 dollars .
As I said , it is possible , but it would be much more expensive . I think it would be at least 12000 dollars to do a complete system .
It's more practical , and the new units really are very quiet.Your customers won't even notice them .
Yes , that's for the units.Installation would probably be another 700 to 1000 dollars.But it depends on the time spent , of course .
No , Ma'am . Installation isn't included.The price I quoted was just for the units .
I know that , Ma'am . But they would just raise the price of the units to cover their costs.Here in L . A . , installation is charged separately .
I understand , Ma'am .
It's a question of quality , Ma'am . At that price , you would not get good equipment . I've been in this business for almost twenty years . I know what happens.If you don't get quality air conditioning now , you will just have to replace the system after two years .
Well .
Well , we don't usually do it , but ... I believe we can accommodate you on this.We will do the installation for free . Because we appreciate your business .
You are welcome . I am very impressed by your capability .
No , nothing . It's thoughtful of you to call me again .
OK , I will .
Our school has a link on its website for apartments .
Some of the ads in the paper are from people looking for roommates .
Do you need a single apartment , or is this for two people ?
You can get that type of apartment for around fifteen hundred dollars a month .
I love apartment hunting . I ’ ll be happy to go with you .
I would like to go but I have to finish a very important presentation . Our boss needs it for tomorrow ’ s morning meeting and I was given the complete information only late this afternoon .
Oh , that will be great . Thank you so much . Please help me to double-check the name list . I have to make sure they are all correct .
Not for me . It is already late . I can not fall asleep after drinking coffee this late .
Hello . I'd like to have my nails manicured .
I don't need the full service .
No , thanks . All I need is painting and polishing .
Thanks very much .
I would like to book a table for seven thirty o'clock , please .
For four people . We'd like a quiet table with a fine view of the river .
This is Peter Kaufman .
Peter Kaufman , P-E-T-E-R ( Peter ) , K-A-U-F-M-A-N ( Kaufman ) .
Bye-bye .
I have been washing clothes here since a few years ago .
It doesn't cost me as much to wash here .
Why are you washing your clothes here now ?
You should just pay someone to fix it .
So you're just going to wash here ?
It costs less to wash here .
Since summer is coming , I think swimming is a good way for you to do .
Of course ! Swimming can help you stay in shape by targeting all parts of your body .
It could also help you increase vital capacity .
You will make it if you persist in it .
What ’ s wrong with the fax machine ? Is it urgent ?
Either call this extension number 0085 or ask them to send the fax to you as e-mail , you print it out .
Really ? OK , I will try my best to be relaxed .
What words ? Can you tell me ?
Honey , I don ’ t know what to tell you . Of course Tony is a young child . But do not underestimate his ability to learn and reason .
I suggest you treat him with patience , affection , and respect . If he needs to do something , like go to bed , or be washed , etc . , please guide or help him to get it done , but lead him with gentleness .
Motivate Tony to cooperate by rewarding his good behavior . Do not emphasize punishment for bad moods , etc . Do not threaten him with punishment if he resists the actions you desire .
I need to have some money transferred from the UK , from my company . It's kind of an emergency .
That would be wonderful . The problem is I don't have an account with you . That is a problem , isn't it ?
T / T ? What on earth is that ! ? Sorry , but I've never heard of it . T / T ?
Yes , I would like to book a table for six for the next Monday .
At 6:30 on next Monday evening .
Chinese food .
Please book it under the name of Mr . Peter .
That's right .
Thirty bucks a record . Or five for one hundred and twenty bucks .
Absolutely . I bought them from the King's estate myself ! Tell you what-I'll let you have five for one hundred bucks .
OK . Five for eighty-five bucks . That's my final offer .
That's funny . My watch always loses ten minutes a day .
I am serious . Every morning I set my watch by the radio , but it still loses ten minutes .
Throw it away and buy a new one .
So you put your watch back ten minutes every day ?
Why bother ? Just buy a new watch . It doesn't cost much . Besides , I just can ’ t put up with this thing any more .
I ’ Ve been getting really short of breath , and my coach wanted to have a doctor check me out .
No , I have been pretty healthy . I just have trouble taking a really deep breath .
Peaches make me break out , but I don ’ t have any other allergies .
I ’ Ve noticed that it is worse when I am under stress , like during finals week .
I appreciate the referral , doctor .
They ’ re all doing fine . Let me show you some of their pictures .
That ’ s Charles .
All my children are large .
That ’ s James .
All my children are agile .
That ’ s Joanna . Joanna hopes to go to college .
Not bad . There ’ s a new English teacher .
She is beautiful .
She is quite young and her hair is blond .
Not really . Her eyes are blue .
Not much . She is very tall and slim .
Good afternoon . I have a reservation under the name of Hilton .
Sure . It's H-I-L-T-O-N .
Yes , that's right .
Yes , here you are . And here's my credit card , too .
Thank you , goodbye .
Sure . Our company is in Ericsson Tower , No . 12 Like East Street , Chaoyang District .
You can make it by the No . 913 bus , or by subway Line 13 .
Yes , but he should bush it off as if it were not a big deal to him .
Are you looking for a small , medium , or large pan ?
Does this one look big enough ?
Well , what do you think of the aluminum pan ?
Here's the same pan , but it has a space-age , heat-resistant plastic handle .
I'm so happy that you found what you wanted . Do you want to use a credit card ?
Oh , I'm sorry . Here's the lid . Yes , it comes with the pan .
Here you are .
I want to check these three pieces and I'll carry this overnight bag by myself .
Well , then , how much do I owe you ?
No , I'm good . All we need now is our check .
I have never had bad service at this restaurant , but this time was really exceptional .
Let's take a look at our bill . The total price for our dinner is $ 36.00 .
I know that 15 % is a normal tip , but I really thought that this waitress went out of her way for us . What do you think about tipping her 20 % ?
So we can add her tip of $ 7.20 to the bill of $ 36.00 and the total will be $ 43.20 .
It absolutely was a great meal . We'll have to return here for lunch sometime .
Yes . I ’ m looking for something to wear to a formal party .
Medium , a woman ’ s size 10 or 12 .
Yes .
That ’ s a great idea . I ’ ll try it on .
It feels very good .
Okay . I ’ ll take it . Thank you very much .
I think that looks like a very nice house . Is it on our Internet listing for Open Houses ?
I love the beautiful lawn . What a great front entryway !
That works for me . We can check out the kitchen next .
Check out the flyer with all of the home ’ s information on it .
They have changed the asking price since it first went on the market . It is now two hundred and twenty-five thousand .
No , thank you . I'm on a diet .
I'm considering entering for the beauty contest this summer , so I must have a slender figure .
I'm afraid the judges do not think so . All the beauty contests are for slim girls only .
How much do they weigh ?
But I'm not fat enough to enter that contest .
Almost ready . I am making a double check .
Of course . And I have also packed two umbrellas just in case of raining .
Of course . I just bought it last year .
Yes , I did . Don't worry .
Yes . You think a lot , too .
What would you like to have ?
In that case , what about having some noodles ?
All right . I'll cook for you .
Sir , you can come downstairs right now to the computer lab .
Sir , each copy is ten cents or one dime , whichever you prefer .
Those were the good old days , sir , indeed .
As a rule , we use cardboard boxes for outer packing . Besides , I would like to make it clear that each piece of computer will be dismantled into several parts before shipment .
Yes . As you know , that's the common practice for exporting computer . This can avoid some damages on computers in the process of transportation .
If you prefer wooden cases , we will provide them . But cardboard boxes are light , less expensive , and more convenient to handle in the course of packing and unpacking .
Perhaps . That will be more complicated , if we use wooden boxes .
That is guaranteed . Each box is lined with foam plastic in order to prevent damage by air , water or stress . Besides , cardboard boxes will be secured together on wood pallets by overall metal strapping .
Yes . Is this your new product this year ?
When is the product going to be on the market ?
So soon ? It seems to be in the early stages .
Well , it's sounding good ! I'm looking forward to that .
Yes . Let me get you a pair .
The dress was on sale yesterday .
I'm so sorry , but rules are rules .
I'm sorry I couldn't help you .
Yes . Please send one " Fried Rice , Hangzhou Style " and one " Fruit Salad " to my room .
Yes , two bottles of beer .
Carlsborg .
No , thanks .
Yes , two of us .
Yes , Bill Smith in Room 713 .
Hi , could I speak to Nancy please ?
Yeah , it ’ s me . Can you give me a lift after work ?
Wait a minute ! Just hold your horses ! What's your hurry , anyway ?
That won't take long .
Well , I'm not quite ready .
You wouldn't do a thing like that !
Mrs . Smith has not checked in yet .
Yes , I'll see that she get the message when she checks in .
We can take a bus there .
I think so .
No , it's too crowded .
Fine . Let's get on . Oh , no , Judy ! Get off the bus quickly !
We got on the wrong bus .
I've got a terrible pain in my stomach , Doctor .
It started yesterday . I didn't eat any supper .
I think so . I feel very hot .
I've got an awful headache , too , and my throat hurts .
Is it serious ?
How often must I take it ?
Thank you , Doctor . Goodbye .
I'm sorry we don't ship overseas . It's too much trouble .
Maybe we could make an exception for you if you win the bid .
Yes . You'll get a picture of Serena playing with the racket and a document from her .
Yes , sir . How would you like to pay the bill , sir ?
Yes , sir . But we only accept American Express , Master card and Visa . What kind do you have ?
Wait a moment , please .
Good morning . I want to buy a lipstick for my wife because it is her birthday today .
Light pink .
I'd like her to have a change .
It is nice . Is it water proof ?
Okay , I'll take it . Could you help me gift wrap it ?
You should wear a tie to go with your suit .
It doesn't matter . Just do your best to sell yourself .
Yes ?
What position ?
How much does it pay ?
I'm sorry but my bottom figure is $ 36,000 .
It must come from the bakery on the corner.They are baking cookies . Their cookies are very popular in town .
I think so . The bakery invited a famous baker from the USA . He is good at making cookies .
Look at the swiss roll over there , they look delicious , too , I am thinking about buying one .
I am starting loving this bakery now .
You should have told me earlier . I am a cookie lover .
Daddy , what seasonings are you going to cook the meat with ?
What ? Are you kidding ?
I remember Mom going with a lot of pepper for the meat .
I want to take out some money , but there's a massive queue for the ATM so I thought I'd do it over the counter .
Oh , I see . I thought maybe it was just the time of the day , although it isn't usually busy at 2:30 in the afternoon .
I did that already , while I was waiting . Also , here's my card .
800 RIB , please .
OK ...
Yes , that's great . Thanks .
Well , I'm looking for some winter clothes . And I notice you have pre-season sale on all your winter apparel .
Do you have any skirt that will go with this sweater ?
I don't think that shade of green will go with my complexion . Do you have any of those skirts in black or tan ?
Oh , yes . Just show me where the fitting rooms are now . I can't wait to try this on .
Roast pork chops with a bottle of red wine , please . Is soup served here ?
Clear soup . I think tomato soup is fine .
Yes.Do you have football stockings here ?
OK , I'll buy two pairs of each color.And do you have sports socks ?
OK , give me two pairs in white .
No.That ' s all .
Thanks . I can wait here .
I see . All right , then . Thanks .
Yes , go straight along Beijing Road and turn right .
No , it's just a couple of minutes .
You're welcome .
I think so too , and you have a general understanding of the company now .
What else do you want to know ?
Then , how much do you wish to be paid each month ?
We will give you more than what you hope .
You will have a six-month internship after you enter our company . During this period you can get 2,500 yuan a month , and after that you can get 3,500 yuan per month .
You can also get a bonus at the end of the year , and if you can keep working in the company , your salary will get a raise every year .
Five days every week , but if it is necessary , you need to work overtime once in a while
What about it ?
The cable is down right now . I am very sorry .
It should be back on in the next couple of days .
We're going to give you a credit while the cable is down .
No , not until your cable comes back on .
You're welcome , and I apologize for the inconvenience .
high ceilings , a tile bath and a big drawing room .
What about the one on the Yellow River Road ?
It's a bit small but looks nice .
Here you are .
Just this one .
Aisle , please .
What's the gate number ?
Let's see . From here , you have to take the 278 bus .
You should get off at the first Shi Da stop .
You're new at this , huh ?
No , it's quite simple . When you get on , just ask the bus driver when to pay the fare and where you want to get off .
Only 15 NT per section . Oh look , that is your bus .
Don't mention it .
No , I haven't . What about you ?
What did you do ?
Why would you park in the red zone ?
Where were you at ?
I thought that you had your own parking spot ?
Hope it was worth it .
Thank you ! I am interested in your product . But I am not familiar with your corporation .
No wonder .
Thank you !
I decided to take Kenny to the park and get some fresh air .
It wasn't too crowded , but we had a great time ! We got on the see-saw together , then went on a couple of different slides and then I tried to go with him in the jungle gym , but I didn't fit .
Yeah , but today he was really hyper . He even got on the monkey bars and then he went on to go on the swings for a half hour . I'm exhausted !
I'm here to pay my telephone bill . I usually go to the post office , but I was told that I could take care of it here . Is that right ?
I don't usually like to use Atms , I like dealing with a real person , you see .
I don ’ t think so , Mr . Parsons . I think you have covered all the main points for me .
Great . Rmm , when can I expect to hear from you ?
That sounds perfect . Thank you very much for taking the time to speak to me Mr . Parsons .
I hope to hear from you very soon .
What flight are you taking ?
And what's your name ?
Everything is in order . Please check in at the airport an hour before flight time .
There is a formula that can help us figure that out . What is your annual salary ?
What is the length of time that you have worked at the job you have now ?
Do you receive any other income ?
Do you know what your credit score is ?
You are in good shape . Figuring in your other expenses , you can easily afford a house costing seven hundred thousand or maybe even a little more !
I don't think dieting is good for you . It's much better to eat a balanced diet and to never get overweight to begin with !
They need to eat healthy foods , but they also have to increase the amount of exercise they do every day . They don't have to cut out fattening foods altogether , though .
Sure , they can eat some chocolate . As long as they are exercising and eating mostly healthy foods , there's nothing wrong with having a small dessert .
Many people gain weight by drinking far too much soda . Soda should be a treat ; there's simply no nutritional value in it whatsoever . If you want to lose weight and you can't stop drinking soda , try some diet coke .
My mother used to make me take vitamins every day , but I don't take them anymore . Vitamins are good as a supplement , but they don't do much good if you don't have a well-balanced diet to start .
You might not believe this , but I used to be twice the size than I am now !
Yes , that looks great ! Is it on our Open House list ?
Well , it looks great from the curb . Let ’ s go on inside .
OK , let ’ s go check out the kitchen next .
Make sure that you pick up a flyer with the information about the home .
Yes , it seems to have been discounted from two hundred and thirty-five thousand to two hundred and twenty-five thousand
I know , Grandma , I just ...
Yes'm .
Yes'm .
Yes'm .
Yeah , I'm glad that we didn't have to wait long . I'm starving !
What would you rather have , samosas or poppadoms ?
Well , let's get a plate of those then .
I think I might have a dahl .
It's got chickpeas and vegetables in a spicy curry sauce with rice .
Ok . How about some lamb kebabs ?
I think I'll have a beer .
I wouldn't recommend it . I think we should wait until she comes round .
What would you do without me ?
Do you have air ticket and claim tag ?
Well , then , would you fill out this PIR from ? And also we need your signature here .
Hopefully by tomorrow evening.Which hotel are you going to stay ?
When is the expected date of your departure ?
I've been feeling pretty ill for a few days now .
I feel chilly , I've got cramps , I keep throwing up , and I feel dizzy and tired .
yes . I can't seem to drink enough .
no , just soda .
that seems to be a bit low , but that's not uncommon when you're ill .
no , but my girlfriend has mono .
thanks .
No problem . What size would you like ?
How about this one ? It's our biggest — 16 ” in diameter .
Okay , try this one . It's made of aluminum .
Here you go . Same pan , but with a state-of-the-art , heat-resistant plastic handle .
Great . Will that be cash or charge ?
I'm sorry . I forgot to show you the lid . It comes with the pan .
Of course I remember , actually , I am very surprised you remembered , I thought for sure you would forget .
They are so beautiful . I love them , and I love you too .
I don't know how , but I love you more than the day we gotta married .
I know of the past years we have faced and shared troubles , but we survived and here we are .
Yes we did .
I love you , happy anniversary .
Wow ! Why so much ? I thought they were getting you an assistant .
They ’ re really running you into the ground . Why don ’ t you ask for some time off ? You could take a long weekend and go away somewhere .
What's the problem ?
Okay , I'll speak to him .
Good morning .
I ’ m sorry.She isn ’ t in at the momment.She will come back at half past nine.Can I take a message for her ?
OK.Goodbye .
Do you ? Dad is in the study .
Behave yourself ! Don't make any noise . Have you finished your homework ?
Then let me see .
All right . Just five minutes . Be sure not to touch anything .
Be careful !
Everything goes well , but I am thinking about quitting my current job .
I just sense . But I cannot grow anymore . My boss is not really supporting me . I am interested in some positions in other JV companies , but I need to do some more in-step research before I send my application letters out .
Certainly , it is very nice talking with you . But I really have to go now . Catch you later .
Good Morning Mr Jones .
I will make it now .
I will bring the diary .
On Wednesday , you are going to London . Don't forget your train leaves at 9.30 am .
At 11.30 . And on Thursday Ms Von wants to talk to you .
She is our new project manager . She starts next week .
What is the telephone number there ?
When will you reach there ?
What is the customer's name , and what is his room number ?
Ok , I'll phone the customer right away.Do you want to pick him up at our office ?
Yes , what kind of smell do you like ?
How about this one ? It's not that concentrated .
Sure .
Check out please .
Here is the cash.Can you look after my baggage for a while ?
OK , thank you .
I have done something like that before .
I think I am . I left the job only because it was too far from my home .
I ’ m happy to hear you say that .
I ’ m renting this apartment out for $ 1050 a month .
That is a fair price .
That ’ s no good .
I won ’ t go any lower than $ 1050 .
That ’ s the best I can do .
I'm Mr . Bob , Room 309 . I'm checking out today . Can I have my bill now ?
What's the 30 yuan for ?
But I did't take any laundry service during my stay here . I think you have added someone else's .
I don't mind waiting as long as we get this straightened out .
It doesn't matter . Here is the money .
Good morning . I want to post this letter . Can you tell me what the postage is ?
I want this letter registered . There is something valuable inside .
I think so . Would you mind telling me the postage now ?
Here is ten dollars .
Thank you . Goodbye .
Oh , I'm sorry .
Thanks . Could you tell me where I should deposit my bag ?
OK . I will deposit my bag right now .
Okay ! I'll do the dishes .
I hope that you remembered to send in your last Continued Claim Form .
You have to send that form in every two weeks so we that we will know what to pay you .
If it is not more than fourteen days past its due date , then you may still mail it in .
You can ’ t mail it in early because you don ’ t know , in advance , how much you will be working .
Yes , your check will be a little late in getting to you .
Can I see your ID ?
I'm going to need to see your ID and $ 27 for your permit .
Make it quick .
Thanks . Now fill this out .
Use this one .
You're welcome . Turn the application in at Window B .
Don ’ t you have it ? Did you lose it ?
Myrdal , purse doesn ’ t just disappear . Think carefully . When did you have it last ?
OK . Let ’ go back to the hotdog stand .
We got numbers back from our offices in Beijing , Hong Kong , Taipei , Singapore and Tokyo , we're waiting on Bangkok and Kula Lumpur .
It's hard to say , because the branches are located in diversity different countries , cultural and social influences will definitely play a part in the success of the product in the various markets .
For instance , some products that do very well in Tokyo branch are a flop in Malaysia.We ' re talking about different people with different lifestyles and different needs . Each of the branches takes these types of things into consideration when they compile their reports and their marketing plans .
Your prescription will be ready in twenty minutes .
Yes , in fact , you can renew this prescription over the Internet and have it delivered to your home .
You should take it twice a day .
You need something in your stomach when you take it . Don ’ t drink alcohol with this medication .
Sometimes you might feel dizzy , but that isn ’ t common .
What are the odds of finding a parking space there ?
Certainly . Come to my office at ten ten . Be prompt , please . I've another appointment at 11 .
I have been feeling pretty good , Dr . Smith .
Yes , I am playing on the tennis team this year , and they are requiring me to get a physical exam .
I ’ Ve being kind of been having problems being out of breath . Can you look at that ?
Thank you . What will the blood test tell you ?
I have been working hard to stay healthy . I hope the tests turn out well .
Good morning , Mr . Church . I ’ d like some lamb chops for the children ’ s lunch .
Yes . I ’ ll take four shoulder chops and I ’ d like a small chicken .
Which one is cheaper ?
How much is all that ? I don ’ t have much cash . Can I give you a check ?
Good morning ! I'd like to buy twelve tickets to Beijing for October 14th .
Well , the express one , with air-conditioning .
When do they arrive in Beijing ?
In that case I think Train No . 14 will be better . We can do more sightseeing in Beijing .
In a cushioned sleeper , please .
Hi , Jason . It ’ s Elizabeth Montgomery . Have you got those plans drawn up yet ?
Thanks a lot . Sorry to trouble you .
But , Mom , I'm not dirty .
Why ?
I don't smell bad .
If I smelled bad , I could smell me .
I can smell you , too .
When can I wear perfume ?
Of course , there're too many people .
But we couldn't help it .
Yes , I'm back ! It's nice to see you again . I'm here about those documents .
That's right . I had a phone call asking me to come back in , about rejecting them ?
Yes , we talked about it and thought it was better and significantly quicker to ask the company to pay a Discrepancy Fee .
That's wonderful news ! I'm glad we decided to rethink our actions ; it's all turned out for the best this way . Thank you for helping us to fix that little problem .
What kind do you want ?
Caesar salads are good .
What kind do you plan on making ?
Chicken salads are really good .
That sounds like a great salad .
That sounds like a plan to me .
Direct or non-direct ?
Yes . Right now it's the slack season so we will give you ten percent off .
Sure . you can get a further discount at 5 % .
No , you don't . Just fill out this card and sign your name and room number on it .
Yes , will this do ?
Wait a minute . This is your safe box key , don't lose it . You'll have to pay two thousand yuan if you lose the key .
Sure . What would you want to have today , Chinese food or western food ?
Here is the menu . Take your time .
No , have you ?
How'd you get a ticket ?
I don't understand why you would do that .
Where'd you get the ticket at ?
What about your parking spot ?
I bet that you wish you hadn't done that .
Yes , it does .
There is a stop at Tiananmen Square . The stops will be announced on the bus both in English and Chinese . When the stop is coming , you just push the red button near the rear door if you want to get off .
Sorry , sir . The train has already left .
Yes . Your ticket is valid for three days .
You have to have your ticket checked .
No extra charge at all . But your berth will be invalid .
Thank you .
Your company has an impressive reputation . My uncle worked for your company for many years .
Yes , but he retired 5 years ago .
I ’ m a senior broker in a large company . I deal with clients on a daily basis , handling all aspects of their accounts personally .
Yes , I do think I am the right candidate for this position .
Well , I have a lot of experience in this area . I have all the qualifications you need . I enjoy working with people . In my current job , I ’ m in charge of a team of eight people .
Yes , if I were hired , when would you like me to start ?
And how many accounts would I handle ?
What kind of benefit package do you offer ?
No , not at the moment .
Thanks . It was very nice to meet you .
It's all right . Kids are like that .
Don't worry . His teacher will tell him to be good .
Wrong number .
No , it is not .
I am sorry . I can ’ t hear your very clearly . Could you say that again , please ?
Mark Wyatt ? I am sorry . The line is terrible.Could you spell that for me , please ?
W-Y-A-T-T , Got it . I haven ’ t heard of the name.Could you hold on the line when I check .
Would she be interested in a laptop ?
A Mac would be an excellent gift .
You can take a 15 - inch Pro home right now for only $ 2,100 .
She'll be very happy with this . And how do you plan to pay for it ?
Now , if you'll just sign here , the Mac is all yours .
Everything she needs is right here in the box .
Your daughter should get straight A's from now on . Good-bye .
Your throat is inflamed .
Don't worry , it's not serious . You will get better soon .
I would like to file a complaint .
I was robbed .
It happened this morning .
My wallet and my cell phone .
Yes , I was .
That would be easy .
It's my pleasure !
It is allowed to carry 55 pounds for each passenger .
You will have to pay some for every extra pound .
You can bring one , if you want to .
I'm having a little trouble with this form .
There are two types of L / C here and I'm not sure which one I want .
So , I should choose that one ?
I see . It's very nice of you to help me . Is this form alright ?
I am afraid not . I have no interest in them at all .
Sure , what package do you want ?
We have all kinds of movie channel packages .
There is a package for all sports channels .
Yes , we do offer that package .
Do you want anything else ?
You can always get rid of channels or add some later .
What ? What happened ?
Please , give me one more chance . I'll never let it happen again . I'm very sorry .
Um , me ?
Excuse me , miss . What's the tour time we have ?
Got it . Thank you .
Sure . Where shall I begin ?
I went to the university of Ohio , in America .
I got a bachelor ’ s degree .
I majored in English and minored in Chinese .
I graduated with honors ; I had a 3.9 .
Yes . I ’ d like to obtain a master ’ s degree in international relations .
After I have 3-4 years of work experience .
I should say it is something we have never come across before .
In my opinion , overly strict regulations are just another way of restricting imports .
Why not ? Our cannedlichee and canned provisions have already been widely sold in various markets abroad , and the Ma Ling Label has now been accepted by most of overseas customers and importers . Is it quite impossible for you to use the Ma Ling labels as they are ?
In that case , what can we do to help you ? Have you any suggestions ?
Do you think that's the only way out ? You know we usually do the labeling , as we are responsible for the brand labels of our products .
Certainly . What's your size ?
They are all leather . How do they feel ?
I was in the Law School in Harvard University .
I want to be a lawyer in the future and the Law School was one of the best schools in Harvard .
Do you know which channel it is on ?
I used to be really interested in that . But lately it seems that they end up saying one thing and doing another anyway . So why listen ?
It's not that serious .
You get really passionate about this , don't you ? Alright . I'll watch it with you .
Thank you for inquiring . But your enquiry is too vague to reply .
Ok . I need to discuss it with our manager . We'll let you have our firm offer next week .
Ok . I will reply to you as soon as possible .
I see . What is your baggage ? And do not remember the tag's number or color ?
Could you give me a description of your case ?
I'll check it for you ... sorry to keep you waiting . I've found it.Is this yours ?
Will you show me your key card , please ?
All right . Now you can take your case away .
No , mom . I haven't seen it .
Mom , did you try the basket on your bicycle ?
Well , I know you are pretty busy these days . But we have got to work fast on this . Otherwise , we'll lose the market .
Let me see . That is no problem . I'll see you then .
I would like to buy a new fridge .
I was looking at this Kenmore refrigerator .
What's so great about it ?
What appliances ?
May I see the inside for myself ?
Wow ! You're right ! This refrigerator is great . I'll take it .
Yes , ma ’ am . How may I help you ?
Yes , we do deliveries for orders over $ 15 , ma ’ am .
The company regulates that men should wear a suit and tie in business meeting . Company policy is not negotiable .
Do you have any other accounts with this bank ?
In that case , we will need to fill out this paperwork . Do you have identification with you ?
Yes . Do you know what type of checking account you would like to open , business or personal ?
Then you would like the ' no frills ' business account .
How about these famous brands ? Such as pierre Cardin ...
Then you can try some local products.They ' re also of good quality .
Well , it all looks so good . How about ordering the steamed prawns ?
Ok then , let ’ s get the chicken feet .
I ’ d prefer wine . You ?
Ok , a bottle of the house red please !
May I see your ticket and photo ID ?
Are these your bags ?
Have you been asked to carry anything for a stranger ?
Have you maintained full control of your possessions while in the airport ?
How is the new product ?
Yes , I think so . And how about the price ?
Yes , I agree with you . We should add our opinions to the research report .
Oh , please sit down . What university did you graduate from ?
What was your major at college ?
Can you name some of the courses you completed in relation to accounting ?
What kind of work are you doing now ?
What are your responsibilities in your present work ?
Are you familiar with the PRC Financial and Tax Regulations ?
Can you tell me something about this balance sheet now ?
What's the creditor's equity ?
I was in my friend's room talking for an hour of so .
I came back to my room and found that my suitcase was open and my camera and five hundred dollars in cash inside the wallet were gone .
Yes , this is my overseas travel accident insurance card .
No , I'm stuffed . The check , please .
Yes , we did . Do I pay you or the cashier ?
Here you are .
Great . Thank you .
I need to cancel a check .
I accidentally wrote the check for too much .
The check was written for $ 150 .
I needed to write it for $ 100 .
Thank you so much .
Fine . Here you are . Anything else ?
Yes , sir . Most of us had positive review in last quarter . Take Fred and David for examples . Both of them try their best to achieve the best . Their progress is distinct , especially in last quarter .
All these say a lot for their characters .
No , thank you .
On second thought , I will have a cup .
Which train is the ticket for ?
It is not too late . Pass your ticket to me , please .
Five Yuan .
That's a big order , Jane . I am really swamped .
Right . Okay , let me see what I can do . How about 1:30 right after my lunch meeting ?
My name is Alice Lin , and I need to know if some money has been transferred to my account yet .
Thank you .
Yes , of course . We have day tour and night tour . Which one are you more interested in ?
You are smart . The city is really charming at night .
Hello , Debbie . This is Donald .
What happened yesterday ? You forgot our date , didn ’ t you ?
You did ? But I tried to call you at least twenty times and nobody answered .
What did David do yesterday ? Did he and Judy go dancing ?
And what did you do ? Did you play cards , too ?
I just told you , Debbie . I tried to call you twenty times !
Yes , I was , Officer .
I was there as it happened .
The robber came in with a gun .
He had a mask over his face .
He was alone .
I would be happy to .
Don't you think it ’ s a bit bright ?
This dress looks lovely on you , but it ’ s not very practical , is it ?
I like the jeans , but you need something to go with the top . It ’ s too plain on its own .
That might be going overboard a bit . How about just that scarf with a bracelet ?
Thanks . You ’ d be ok on your own . There are loads of fashion victims out there , and you are not one of them . Have you tried it on yet ?
That looks great . Just one more thing---you need some high heels with those jeans . Do you want a pair with a plain pattern or ones with a leopard print on them ?
No , they ’ re a Prada knock-off for 1/10 of the price of the real thing .
If I were you , I ’ d buy that now while it ’ s on sale . If you spend $ 100 , you get a $ 50 voucher for more clothes .
What a find ! So , how much does it cost ?
Ninety dollars is pretty steep . I'll take it for sixty bucks .
Eighty-five ? That's the best you can do ? I'll come back later ...
It was bad .
But I already tried my best .
Your car is rather old . Why not change a new one ?
Oh , there is a car exhibition tomorrow afternoon . I have two tickets . Would you like to go there with me ?
And the bank will offer you loans for twenty years !
I think working in this company could give me the best chance to use what I have learnt . As you know , I majored in computer programming in the university . I've cherished a desire to get a job where I can apply my knowledge . I know your company is one of the largest computer companies in the world , and I wish to have opportunity to develop my capabilities here . That ’ s why I applied .
Yes , since 1993 , I ’ Ve been employed as a clerk in the Beijing Branch of the DHAK Trading Corporation .
Because I would like to get a job in which I can have good opportunity for advancement , and the job was not challenging enough .
Yes , I applied with another company , but that was just to get experience in being interviewed .
This one , of course . Your company is my first choice . I want to work for you .
Could you drop me off at the airport ?
Do I need to pay any extra change for my suitcases ?
All right .
Yes . I hope you can help . I'm interested in obtaining a Working Capital Loan . So , I was wondering what you offer here ? Do you have various types ?
I see ...
To be honest , I'm not exactly sure what we require just now .
Yes . In 1996 I received my Bachelor of Science degree from Hebes University , and in 2001 I received my MBA degree from Peking University .
In fact my records were excellent . My overall GPA was 9 on a 10 scale , which was the highest in my class .
English . It was both interesting and useful , so I showed a great interest in it .
Because I am very interested in administration and I did take some courses in it . I also performed well in the subjects . Hence I believe that I can do a good job in this position .
Yes . I was awarded a scholarship from the university every year . In 1995 I participated in the National Contest of Maths Models and I won the prize .
Yes , may I ask something about the salary and benefits in your company ?
What is the salary while on probation ?
That sounds fine .
Are there paid holidays ?
Oh , sorry about that.We ' ll get it fixed as soon as we can .
I'm looking for books on WTO.Could you show me where they are ?
Thanks a lot .
OK .
I don't know . Maybe it's broken .
I'll see if I can adjust it .
Why not tell the clerk and ask them to repair it .
920 pm , I couldn't say . I can't remember .
I'm absolutely certain .
I'm not quite positive . I think I went out at about half pass nine .
No , I didn't .
Quite sure .
I'm looking for an MP - 3 player . Which brand is of the highest quality ?
Which model is the best-seller ?
May I have a look at it ?
Do you have this model in white ?
Then I'll take the yellow one .
Okay .
Yes . I want to reserve a table for two this evening .
Well . In that case , we will have to go to another restaurant . Thank you all the same .
Of course . Did you ?
That's sad , but have you gone to the movies recently ?
I'm serious , have you ?
I really want to go to the movies this weekend .
I really don't want to go by myself .
No , I think I'm going to go to the movies .
Your lease isn ’ t up yet .
That ’ s going to be a problem .
It ’ s a problem because I can ’ t give you your deposit back .
You ’ re breaking our contract .
That ’ s not going to happen .
That ’ s really not my problem .
Sure , Mum.In a minute .
Yes , Mum .
I bought it online .
Yes . I buy most of my daily necessities online .
Yes , much better . You can log in a website , browse through many items and categories comfortably at home , order the goods , pay by credit or debit card , and the goods will be delivered to your home .
And you can still go ' window shopping ' just like in a real shopping mall .
Yes , most of the shops are closed at 22:00 or even earlier , but the internet operates 24 hours a day , seven days a week , and can be accessed anywhere .
Sure . You can buy almost anything you can think of .
( while shaking hands ) I am Zhang Wei , nice to meet you , sir .
Thank you . Have you received my resume ?
Of course , here you are , sir .
Certainly , Mr . Smith .
Let me look . What do you need ?
I think dimes and quarters will do .
Oh , is there ? Which room is it ?
You mean the room 1818 ?
All right madam , I'll check and tell them to be quiet .
Mandarin is the language I spoke since I was a child . So I can speak it very fluently .
I can speak and read Cantonese because I worked in Guangdong for many years .
I think , maybe , it takes a real Kung fu master to give a more fair assessment ; meanwhile , I am no more than a beginner . But I really doubt whether kung fu would be of any great help when it comes to defending oneself in real life .
An art ! You have a good point there . So it is called martial arts in English . The Chinese are really capable of doing things nicely . They even made fighting a great enjoyment , so marvelous and fascinating .
I know he is a martial arts fiction writer . But I've read none of his novels .
I see . They must have incorporated a series of Chinese cultural elements .
So kung fu is also a means of self-cultivation , isn't it ?
Yes , of course . When you hear the fire alarm , which is a very loud , continuous ringing noise , you should go to the nearest fire exit or fire escape as quickly as possible .
Yes , don't use the lifts . We have regular fire drills so you'll soon become familiar with the procedure . And always shut the fire doors to prevent the fire spreading .
No , I've only washed my whites .
Sure . Is there any extra care that I should take with your clothes ?
How many clothes of yours do you want me to wash ?
It's really only a small load .
Not at all . It's no problem .
It's no trouble at all .
We serve excellent Chinese food . Which style do you prefer ?
It's divided into 8 big cuisines such as Cantonese food , Shandong food , Sichuan food etc .
Yes , Cantonese food is lighter while Shandong food is heavier and spicy .
Most Sichuan dishes are spicy and hot . They taste differently .
I think Mapo bean curd and shredded meat in chili sauce are quite special and delicious . We have a Sichuan food dining room . May I suggest you to go there ? It's on the third floor .
It's my pleasure .
Do you know in which area ?
I see . Well , do you know anything near the hotel ?
Then you'll have to take a bus and get off at the Central Railway Station .
OK .
Turn right at the second crossing and then go straight for two blocks .
No , it ’ s only ten-minute's walk .
You ’ re welcome .
Yes , it does .
I think it leaves at two thirty .
Would you stay for another cup of coffee ?
Are you kidding ? It ’ s summer .
What's that ?
Really ? It's unbelievable .
Do you have Ginkgo trees here ?
What are these trees opposite to the pine trees ?
I think I know that .
It's still early .
Since we're late , let's go to see a film .
About 3 000 dollars .
I am afraid not , darling . Our expenses are mounting .
Don't worry . Maybe I can find a part-time job to increase my income .
We hope that this dispute can be settled through friendly negotiation without its being submitted for arbitration .
No problem .
Nice to meet you , Austin .
By the way , Richard will assist me in the planning work . I hope you can work well together .
Thank you.It ' s very kind of you .
Thank you , sir . I'll try my best to assist Richard in his work .
Hello , Marsha . I'm great and you ?
Sure , what can I do for you ?
So this is a real thing ?
When do you need it ?
Sure , who am I bidding against ?
Okay , give me a week and I'll have time to get my pencil real sharp . I should have some new figures from Malaysia by then .
You need all your receipts for reimbursement .
Yes , here is the form for an expense report . Fill it out and give it to me . I ’ ll get it signed for you .
It ’ s nice to go home earlier once in a while . But now it ’ s the evening rush .
Sure it is . I really hate to get caught in a traffic jam .
Yes . I'll have the fresh fruit cocktail .
I think I'll Ty the crisp deep-fried chicken .
Yes . What about you ?
What do you mean you already voted ?
Why ’ d you have to do that ?
Why is that ?
You can always go to work late .
Oh , I understand .
It is not very complicated . You can send your resume to the e-mail address of our company .
Our personnel clerk will screen all the resumes that we receive , select the eligible ones and arrange the interview for them .
What part hurts ?
Well , maybe you broke it . But what I'm worried about is this cut .
C'mon . Just don't move .
We don't have a decent First Aid Kit , do we ?
There's some tape , iodine , and cloth bandages . I don't think the cloth bandages can stop the bleeding . What we need is a tourniquet .
Good plan . Let me put some iodine on the cut .
Alright , alright . How did you cut this so bad ?
What ’ s the problem ?
Is the pipe causing any water damage ?
I can come fix the pipe sometime tomorrow .
I don ’ t think that would be a good idea .
I guess you have a point .
Go right ahead .
No , you don't ! I should treat my new brother-in-law !
OK , OK . On one condition .
You come back here with me tomorrow , and it's my treat !
Where else haven't I been to yet ?
Sounds great ! How many kinds of folk collections they have ?
Private collectors ! Oh , they must have excellent collections . I'll go and see each of them . What kinds of collections can I see ? Come on , David , don't keep me in suspense !
Enough , David ! I can't wait anymore . Let's go right now !
Very interesting . That's really a place I must go and see . And then ?
Mr . Chen himself has become an authority in this area , and master of butterfly sample making , I should say .
Because I ’ m not in the mood , that ’ s why .
Help you in the kitchen , I don ’ t feel like it .
Really ? Do I have to do it ?
Well , isn ’ t there anything you want ?
No , why should I ? I don ’ t feel like it . Besides , I ’ m in such a bad mood .
You do ? OK , fine with me .
But I also want ya to do me a favor .
You gotta have some better deodorant .
What do you feel like having ?
I had pizza for lunch yesterday .
Do you want to get a burger ?
Think of something .
Let's do that then .
They sell pizza and burgers at the cafeteria .
Is there any particular size that you want ?
What do you think of this one ? It's a 16 ” pan .
Well , look at our aluminum pan . It's much lighter .
No problem . Look at this one . Same pan , but with a lightweight wooden handle .
I think you'll love this pan . Do you want to pay with cash ?
I'm sorry . I forgot to show it to you . Here it is . It comes with the pan .
Let me see ... Your plane leaves from gate 8 so you should go there to board the plane .
Take the lift over there and turn left . You won't miss it .
With invoking ? No , thanks .
I'm not interested , Zina .
I don't think so .
We have lots of fresh red roses .
$ 20 a dozen .
Yes , you came here on the right day . They're on sale today .
Very good . Would you like anything else ?
She should be very pleased with these roses .
Yes .
I haven ’ t found one that satisfies my demands yet .
Where is the house ?
Really ! So it is just near my office building . Great ! How much is the rent ?
Does that include utilities ?
That ’ s a little expensive .
Yes . I won ’ t have to take a bus to go to my office . Is it a one-bedroom apartment ?
That is what I am looking for . Could I go to see the house tomorrow afternoon ?
All right ! Thank you .
Wow . It's just the two of us . I don't know if we need that much room .
I guess you're right . And we'd like to have company anyway .
Now that's a plus !
We have a great selection . What decade are you looking for ?
We have six .
Actually , two of them have dancing figures .
A good choice . I prefer that one myself .
Oh , no , I'm afraid not . These things are just too old to guarantee anything .
Even if they break down , they're still works of art .
Well , I ’ Ve bought a lot of meat . I ’ Ve got pork chops , small steaks , chicken wings and plenty of hot dog sausages and hamburger patties .
I think so . I bought some paper plates and cups for people to use.It will save on the washing up .
They sell them at the shop around the corner.We can go and get some in a few minutes .
I have the sauce , but remind me to get some catchup at the shop .
It only takes a few minutes.Some people like their meat well done , others like it rare.The great thing about the barbecue is that everyone can choose how they want their meat cooked .
I hope you haven ’ t invited any vegetarians .
Sorry , Mr . Wood is not here right now . Do you have any message for him ?
Not at all .
Yes .
Yes . I'd like a crab cocktail .
Very well .
I want egg soup .
I'd like to have some meat .
No , thank you .
What is it ?
OK . Let me try it .
No , thank you
If they steal the entire package , that would be theft . So they don't do that . Generally , thieves open the case and take part of the contents out . Then fill the case so that the gross weight will be the same .
The insurance policy protects us .
It's absolutely true in the United States that losses from pilferage have been limited to high valued goods . We must study more about packing .
Thursday mornings are usually the slowest around here . Why don ’ t we set it for Thursday at 10:00 a . m . ?
That ’ s all right for my department . I don ’ t know how the rest of you feel .
You can exchange this dress with anything of the same value .
I'm sorry . There are no sales today .
Everything's going to be on sale next weekend .
Okay . I'll see you then .
I bought the MP4 in your store a week before , but it doesn't work today .
Yes , here you are .
It leaves at 8
Just a moment please . Yes . You can have a seat .
It thirty-eight dollars .
Here ’ s your ticket and change .
Go to gate No . 2 please .
Don ’ t mention it .
Yes , I ’ d like to activate my voice mail service please .
Sure that sounds great ! Are there any other fees ?
Perfect . I also wanted to know if there is any call forwarding service ? I am usually out of town and would like my calls to be forwarded to a local number .
We have a copy machine in our computer lab , located on the first floor .
The price per copy is ten cents .
There shouldn't be any long lines , sir .
I think is looks great . I really like the light colors you have chosen . The pictures are nice too . Did you buy any new furniture ?
New furniture makes a room seem so fresh . I see that you also bought a new lamp for your bedside table .
That wardrobe looks quite big . Is it full of clothes ?
I like to get rid of clothes that I don ’ t wear rather than keeping them in a wardrobe . They take up too much space . There are several charity shops that you can give old clothes to . They will be happy to receive them as long as they are in reasonable condition .
I need to buy some new clothes for the summer too . Perhaps we can go together one day .
What are you thinking of getting ?
I think I may get something too .
I have a sweet tooth . I want candy .
I really want some chocolate .
I either want a Snickers or a Kit Kat .
Then I guess I'll just get a Snickers .
Let's take the MET . lt's faster and cheap .
We should take the red line . Let's get the tickets at the automatic vending Machine .
5o dollars . Later you have to place your ticket near the sensor .
It's so crowded . All the seats are taken . Let's go there . There is a seat over there .
Yeah , you are right . Let's stand . It takes only about 20 minutes .
Anyway , we are arriving at Danshui soon . I can't wait to watch the beautiful sunset .
Sure , sir . Have you brought the cloth ?
Well , I recommend you to choose the 100 % cotton .
Well ... I'm pretty busy . but ... all right . come in . What can I do for you ?
Not at all . Take a seat . Now , what can I do for you ?
Yes , but why should you want to do that ?
Not at all . Go ahead .
Yes . I'd delighted if you did .
Yes . There are trains at 7:59 , 9:18 , and 10:32 .
At 9:36 .
There's one at 7:10 p . m . and the next one is at 7:40 p . m .
If you get on before 4 p . m . or after 6 p . m . , there is a saver return which is 9 pounds . An ordinary return is 16 pounds .
Poor Ben , your wife is too mean to you . She gives you so little money every time when you are out .
No , doing it in the long run will make you an acute man .
That's because you are always fixing your eyes on the bald .
I wanted to talk to you about that , Mr . Eng . Mr . Emory would prefer to keep the deadline as is . We can start earlier if you ’ d like .
Certainly , sir . We can wait another day or two .
But why ?
OK , I see .
Yes , that will be just as good .
All right . Then I can do some shopping today before going back to my country .
Yes . I'd like to open an account that enables me to draw money easily .
How much is the service charge ?
Sounds reasonable . Will 300 dollars be enough for a minimal deposit ?
Anything else ?
Quite often . It is very convenient , saving me a lot of time .
You are asking the right person . Here are two very important tips . First , you need to visit no more than one site to find the best products and prices . I can recommend you some online merchants . Second , write your mail address correctly . Otherwise , you can ’ t receive your delivery in time .
Not at all . You just need to provide your name , address , e-mail address , phone number and bank or credit card information . I will help you with that .
Sure , company rules are not very strict at this point .
But remind you , there are some forbidden activities .
Don ’ t use office phones for personal matters .
Never ever come to work drunk , also smoking in the office is not allowed .
That ’ s great to hear .
For each month you would have to pay $ 1050 .
I don ’ t think that is too much for rent .
That ’ s not enough .
$ 850 a month is not enough money .
That ’ s my final offer . Take it or leave it .
Hello , Marry , this is Lin Wang , calling from network .
May i speak to David please ?
Oh , sorry , David Richton .
Thank you .
From here , it does look like it could use a little work . Let ’ s see what the interior looks like .
Sometimes all a place needs is a little bit of cleaning and some fresh paint .
I think that we should check out the kitchen . It is listed as roomy and spacious .
The picture in the listing shows a lovely master suite . I think that we should go look at it since we are here .
Well , I think that it is pretty safe to say that this is not the house for you .
Oh , honey , you made a mistake .
OK . Let's do it together .
16 divided by 2 equals 8 .
Yes , we're ready to start the invitation to tender . You're well informed . We'd like to build new factory .
We intend to open the tender at first next month in Beijing .
The time period is set on June 29th .
All right . The area of the factory buildings is around 8,000 square meters . You can read the details in the invitations which will be sent tomorrow .
You're welcome .
It doesn't matter . We'll be in touch .
Bye !
No problem at all ! I am taking a long road trip and I want to make sure my car is in good mechanical condition .
Not that long ago , I think it was four months ago .
Why ? I mean , what exactly do you do to a car that you need to check it so often ?
I see . What else ?
Ok , well , when you put it that way , it doesn ’ t seem like a waste of time and money .
Hello Mike . How are things going for you ?
Fine . Everything is just fine .
Mike , I enjoyed your company , but I am getting ready to graduate soon . I really need to focus on my studies .
It would be better for me to just deal with getting my work done , but thank you for a lovely dinner .
Of course . What is your size ?
OK . I'll get it for you .
Try this one , please . This is made of real leather and is very soft . How is it ?
Well , the first lunar month is called Yuan-month , and in ancient times people called night Miao . And you know the festival is just in the middle of the month .
Sure . It ’ s indeed a culinary heaven which offers a wide range of delicious snacks to satisfy all tastes . Then , which one would you like ?
OK . Let ’ s go over there . For the Lantern Festival , you should never omit the Yuanxiao .
Actually , they are small dumpling balls made of glutinous rice flour . They are like Tangun .
Yes . And also , we can find Yuanxiao with both sweet and salty fillings .
Oh , the smelly bean curd . My favorite !
It ’ s hard to believer you ’ re really retiring . What are you going to do with yourself ?
Well , good luck . Give me a ring sometime , and let me know how you are .
I'm sorry , but everything is taken .
Yes , I can give you a reservation on that .
You ’ re right .
I should have turned it off . I ’ ll turn it off now .
I ’ m sorry , Jim .
Yeah , hold on a second . I ’ Ve got it in my office . Here it is . 553-2213 .
No problem . Pick me up something to eat too , please .
You look a bit pale , don't you ?
You should get plenty of sleep .
If I were you , I wouldn't drink too much .
You better do some exercise every morning .
Why do you worry about your future ? You're very young , and you'll make great contribution to the world . I hope you take my advice .
Let ’ s start with the basics , bread . Bread is an important ingredient here . You need to remember one thing - choose the bread according to the following criteria , freshness , crumb and color . If you want a closed sandwich I recommend you first toast your bread in a toaster or oven , or grill it slightly until it gets a light brown color .
Do not undervalue them as they play a big role in forming the taste and will make the sandwich more refreshing and light . The best choices here are evident — cucumbers , tomatoes , onions , sweet pepper or chilli , lettuce and , of course , herbs — you can ’ t go wrong with them . As for aubergines , mushrooms and asparagus , I would recommend you first grill them slightly with a little touch of olive oil .
That ’ s all the time we have for today , but join us next time where we ’ ll be going over how to make the perfect lasagna ! Till next time !
Sure . It ’ s on basement level one . Turn right when you get off the elevator .
No problem , John .
I'll have to check . Do you need anything else ?
That'll be 14 dollars in all .
Here you are .
Really ? Ugh ... Is there any difference ?
Gee . I must have left it in my hotel room .
But when does the plane take off ?
Oh , my God ! What do I do now ? Bone head , bone head , bone head ( He smashes his head with his hand . ) .
( The speaker in the airport says , ' Mr . Benjamin , we now have a boarding pass by the name of Benjamin at Lost and Found . ' ) Is that me ?
Oh , thank God . Thank you , I'll be right back .
It's down in the lobby . Turn left at exit B .
Nope . Our company is private-owned and its profit is the biggest issue . We don't think that further study has anything to do with our development and profit-making .
Nope . We just hope our employees will make profit for us .
Yeah , I ’ Ve been working so much overtime lately .
My boss gave me a big project . I had to have it finished it by this morning . It was so difficult !
I know . But hard work pays off , you know .
Maybe now I ’ ll get that promotion I was hoping for .
Well , you can take the No . 36 bus from here , but then you have to walk about 30 minutes .
Actually , if you go to the bus stop in the next block , you can take bus 301 which will let you right off in front of the zoo .
You're welcome .
That's all right.We ' ll get used to it.Besides , it is quiet up there.We ' re little further away from the street and traffic noise and there's no one living over us .
Yes , it's pretty bright in there and big enough for our children to play .
The stove and refrigerator are in good working order , and I don't see any loose electric wiring that could cause fires .
The plumbing seems OK , too.The toilet flushes and the shower has hot and cold water , and the sinks don't seem to leak .
Well , I ’ Ve got a terrible stomach-ache and I keep needing the toilet .
Well , I went to a seafood restaurant last night and I ate lots of oysters .
Ok . Thank you very much .
Hi Mike , how are you doing ?
Everything is going great .
Mike , I had a good time too , but I am getting ready to move back to the east coast , so I think I shouldn't get too involved right now .
Right now , I think I need to really focus on matters at home , but thanks for a nice evening .
Yes , the lift is just around the corner.You can go up first , and your luggage will be brought up straight away .
Of course . How can I help you ?
What size do you wear ?
Here . How do you like this one ?
You can try it on in the fitting room over there .
I see , sir . Those two ladies in front of your room did the same thing twenty minutes ago .
I am afraid we have no extra key . So I will send somebody to your room .
Please drop it at the front desk when you leave the hotel .
Yes . My name's Mark Benson . I just started a couple weeks ago .
Thanks , I appreciate that !
I want it the way Peckham wears it .
Are you kidding me ? Even the girls know Peckham . Whatever , I have a picture of him here .
Sure , he is a soccer star .
Oh , my God . It's disaster . It makes my head look like a soccer ball .
It looks like the hairstyle of Kahn who stands beside him in the picture .
He plays outside right but it doesn't mean he has to stand on the right .
Do it , please .
Where did he go ?
Like me ? But you see I am so successful now . And if he is really like me , he will be more successful than me in the future .
Pay him ? But he studies for himself , not for you or for me or for anybody else . I got an idea . You should send him to class every morning and after the class begins , you can go to work .
That's a good idea . Why have I never thought of that ?
It seems not or somebody has recently received a large fax . Ok , no problem . We do it ourselves .
Check with somebody from the IT department . They are anyway in charge of the office electronic equipment .
They're right over there , next to the dictionaries .
Let ' s see . These books here focus on grammar , and those are mainly for conversation practice ... Here we are . This book has short passages for students to read and answer questions about .
Please wait till your name is called . OK . Your bill includes the doctor's fee and the cost for a 3 - day supply of medicine . It comes to one hundred yuan .
Good . Here is the receipt . The dispensary is over there ... By the way , will this be covered by your insurance from work ?
In that case , I'll give you a certificate , so you can get it reimbursed .
Don't lose this receipt , because insurance companies are very difficult about helping when they don't have the right paperwork .
Yes , what's wrong ?
Today is September 28th , 2007 .
When will it begin ?
It is half past one .
Don't worry , time is enough .
Glad to meet you again , Mrs Hao . You are so kind .
Oh , it's a real Chinese meal . When in Rome , do as the Romans do . I'd take the chopsticks .
Beer , please . Oh , there are so many dishes .
Let's hope for good cooperation between us .
All right . I'm nearly ready.What time does the bus leave ?
Oh , we've got plenty of time .
All right.Let ' s go .
The Northern Line is what you want .
It's two yuan .
Just go through the No . 8 ticket-barrier over there . A train will be in directly .
That's all right .
yes , are you ?
you do know that it's absolutely freezing out , don't you ? I'd put a coat on if I were you .
well , it's started raining since then . Look out the window ! It's pouring rain out there !
have a look outside for me . Does that look like hail to you ?
that's a good idea . But maybe we should move the car so that the hail doesn't dent it .
how long do you think this hailstorm is supposed to last ?
maybe we should turn on the news in case it's supposed to get worse .
good idea . That will help us to warm up .
alright . I'll have a cup of tea waiting for you .
This is Room 320 . Can I have a morning call tomorrow ?
Seven , please .
Thank you .
He is the guy I was telling you about .
Thank you.What ' s the fare ?
How can it be ?
I see . Thanks for your drive .
No problem , sir . There's a copy machine in our computer lab .
Each copy will cost you a dime , sir .
There aren't many things you can get for a nickel , sir .
No , I haven ’ t .
Perhaps you left that at school .
Well . Didn ’ t you go around to the Smith after school ? You might have left it there .
But she can ’ t be home now . She might have gone to the library .
You've come to the right place . We've got various styles and sizes recently . How much do you measure around your waist ?
OK ! 2 Chi round . Try this one . Maybe it's of your size .
Let me check the stock . How about this one ?
150 Yuan .
Here's your change , 50 Yuan . Welcome back again .
I'm not sure , but let me check my schedule ... Ah , no . I have nothing then .
How nice of him ! I'll be delighted to go . But what time would be convenient ?
That's good . It's most thoughtful of you to do this , Miss Wood .
Really , it's so beautiful .
You mustn't pick it in this place .
It's a private garden .
No more today , honey .
Yes , honey . Go to your room , and take out your book . It's your reading time now .
Just go to read . I will find it , honey .
I apologize . This should not have to be this way .
Of course , I should have been more careful . I ’ m sorry .
I'd like a beef-burger , a French fries and a milk shake , please .
I'm not quite sure . What do you have ?
Very well , I'll try the banana flavor .
No , thanks . That will be all .
I'm looking for an engagement ring for my girlfriend . I have an idea of what she likes , but I want to surprise her with something special , too .
I think so . Aren't the four Cs , cut , clarity , carat and color .
Well , my price range is a 5,000 dollars to 7,000 dollars , I'm looking for a marquise cut on the wide band .
Yes , thank you . I am really far behind on this project . Could you help me with the extra typing or xeroxing ?
Good . That would be very helpful . Can you start with those pages over there ?
Thank you very much ! How long have you been working here ?
Well , we have some special projects coming up . Would you be interested in working on any of those ?
Well then , I'll keep you in the loop . Thank you for your help today .
What about the twill ? It washes well and won't lose shape .
Well , it's cheap and actually the color fades easily when washed .
What's so great about it ?
Not to me , I wouldn't be caught dead in that .
Yeah , you seem to like those styles .
This one looks really expensive though .
Lucky you ! I can't buy anything else . I'm flat broke .
Why did you drag me into this ? I've spent a week salary .
Just joking , T . I've got some wonderful clothes . Let's go and have a close look at your outfit .
Yes , we charge 50 cents for water .
Sure . Do you need anything else ?
I'll put all that into the bag for you .
No , there is no charge for those .
Do you want to live here ?
The more you work , the more you earn .
En , I am looking for the shop . Can you tell me where it is ?
Thank you . Do I have to pay duty if I want to buy something ?
Thank you so much .
Sure . I have it right here . 232-2453 . If that one doesn ’ t work , try 232-2456 .
That ’ s right .
Here you are .
Ok . But is there anything wrong ?
I've got 6 packets of cigarettes and 2 bottles of champagne . Besides , I have two cameras , one is for my own use , and the other is a gift .
Ok . Where shall I pay duty for it ?
I've paid for it . Here's the receipt .
Thank you .
I want to draw some money from my current account .
Well , I want to draw out 4,000 yuan .
Yes ! Here is my bankbook .
Yes . Do I need to sign my name here ?
Well , I want 1,000 yuan in traveler's checks and the rest in cash .
Thanks a lot .
Yes , I am checking out .
Room 1419 . Here is my key .
It's all right . Pls charge it to my credit card .
I will . Where can I leave my luggage ? I really want to leave after lunch .
Thanks very much and goodbye !
I notice there's a jam a few blocks away .
I'm afraid I'll be late .
I'm due to check out tomorrow , but I'd like to extend my stay by two days .
Tom Black in Room 207 .
What can be done then ?
That's quite all right . Thank you .
For what time , sir ?
May I have your name please , sir ?
Mr . Fox , we'll hold the table for you for ten minutes . Please be sure to arrive before 8: 40 .
Yes , what kind of apartment are you interested in ?
Yes , I have one . When you need it ?
Well , It's a one-bedroom apartment . The monthly rent at 650 dollars and a 300 dollars security deposit . You pay electricity only . Gas and water is included . Both the heat and stove are gas . Let me see , what else ... Oh , you'll be assigned a sheltered parking space at no extra charge . And that's probably it .
Sure . What time would you like to come ?
Good , May I have your name , please ?
Thanks for calling , Blanca . I'll see you tomorrow .
cool down , Harry ! What are you really mad about ? Did you get ripped off ?
is that so ? I'm afraid people here will not take pity on unlucky guys like you . Bargaining has always been an indispensable procedure in business deals . It's the norm of free trade . The seller sets
of course , that's something really irritation . And the only way to avoid being trapped is to know in advance about the real worth of the stuff . I recommend you to consult the price tags in the superb
Forgive you for what ?
No ! Are you kidding me ?
I can ’ t believe it ! I have all my important personal documents stored in that computer . It ’ s no laughing matter .
Well , you should be sorry ! Don ’ t ever use my computer again ! You can ’ t do anything now , it ’ s too late !
Well , our manufacturers are fully committed at the moment . I'm afraid it's very difficult to improve any further on the time .
We check their production schedule against our orders almost every day . As new orders keep coming in , they are working three shifts to step up production . I'm sorry , but we simply cannot commit ourselves beyond what the production schedule can fulfill .
I said by the middle of October . This is the best we can promise .
Good . Let's call it a deal . We'll do our best to advance the shipment to September . The chances are that some of the other orders may be cancelled . But of course you cannot count on that . In any case , we'll let you know by email .
We generally insure W . P . ( W . P . A ) on a C . I . F . offer . Special risks , such as TEND ( Theft , Pilferage and Non-delivery ) , leakage , breakage , oil , freshwater , etc . can also be covered upon request .
Quite right . According to the usual practice in international trade , special risks are not covered unless the buyer asks for them .
Yes , we accept it now , after it has been suspended for many years . However , if you want to have it covered for your imports at your end , you may arrange the insurance as you like .
All right , I'll adjust the price accordingly .
As a rule , we don't allow any discount .
That's true . But I am sorry I can't make an exception . We have quoted you our lowest price . We can't give you any more discounts .
I want to show my gratitude for your hospitality . And I believe me trip here will be meaningful and our cooperation will go deeper and stabler in near future . Through the communication , we can know more about each other . Thank you so much for your consideration .
Yes , I need a job that can give full play to my skills .
I like peace.As a matter of fact , I once had a job in a library .
Yes . We have reservations .
Jack Bates .
The reservation was for a double for three nights , wasn't it ?
Credit card .
Thanks .
Here will be OK .
Please put it on the scale . Where are you mailing it to ?
Do you want to mail it by air or sea ?
25 yuan by air , 13 yuan by sea .
About 2 days .
Please fill out this form , and what's in your package ?
OK , that will be OK .
Hi , I saw the sign outside says that you do all kinds of interior design .
Well , I am thinking about redesigning my kitchen .
Yes , I prefer a more contemporary design .
Blue , green or earth tone colors . I do not like the colors that are too bright .
I'd like it to look simple , neat and relaxing .
No problem . How about 10 ' o clock this Sunday morning ?
Of course . This is my card . See you then .
It is because Montreal is a bilingual city .
But it's a good opportunity to learn French .
Take it easy . I have the confidence to learn it well .
Very well , thank you .
Here you go . We have your cocktail and there're salad . fried chicken , French fries and vanilla ice cream for dessert . Eat the chicken while it's hot . It tastes better .
Here you are . Taste the French fries .
Would you like some more ?
Here's to our friendship and health !
Dan is on top of that . I think they are also getting the handyman to fix the bathroom toilet that keeps clogging up .
Yeah you are right . This office is falling apart ! Frank told me the other day that the gutters outside were clogged and that ’ s why the parking lot was flooded .
John , I'm hard up at the moment . Could you lend me five hundred yuan ? I'll return it to you early next month .
Yes . Thank you so much .
Give me a six-piece chicken nuggets , a large fry and a large Coke .
That's fine .
Here's a twenty note .
Thanks .
Hi , good evening . Which kind of beer would you like ?
How about Yanking Beer ? It's very popular here .
No , I haven't . Is the food good there ?
I usually shop at Sons .
What's the problem with Sons ?
Is there a big selection of organic foods at Whole Foods ?
I haven't been shopping there , but maybe I'll try it sometime .
I'll take your word for it .
Doctor , I have a bad cough and a headache .
I don't know , but I feel terrible .
Do you think I should lie in bed ?
OK . Do you think I can play football tomorrow ?
OK , I'll listen to you .
Hi . This is Amy Yang . I ’ m calling for a home phone cancellation . I ’ m moving out next month .
The end of this month .
No , thanks .
May I have the menu , please ?
I'd like to have some local specialties . Would you recommend for me , please ?
OK . We'll take it .
A fried crisp chicken and an eggplant with chili sauce .
Coffee , only black coffee ,
Well , Mr . Parsons , as I mentioned before I ’ m someone who needs new challenges . I ’ m really focused and hard-working . I think my academic results prove this .
Well , I believe I ’ m a good team-player , but I can also work well independently . I ’ m very enthusiastic and , well I hope my colleagues would agree , I ’ m fun to work with .
Hmm , that ’ s a tough question . But I would have to say my passion . I ’ m really passionate about journalism and passionate about my career .
Yes , I wanna buy a skirt .
I am not sure .
Ok , thank you .
What exactly seems to be the problem , Mr . Sandals ?
Cockroaches , sir ? That's unbelievable .
Sir , are you sure you haven't seen the same silverfish nine times ?
I apologize . One moment , please , while I transfer you to my supervisor .
I have a major stomachache
I had spaghetti with clam sauce for lunch .
Yes , that could have been it , but I haven ’ t been feeling that great for the past few days .
Not really . Things have been going OK .
I think that I might be getting the flu .
Yes.There are the Huangshan Hotel and Anshan Hotel nearby.And you can take a taxi to go there .
You're welcome ! By the way , you'd better booked in the Internet or the telephone next time and then you kow whether there are rooms available or not .
Yes , my brakes are not working well .
I hear a noise and feel vibrations when step on the brake .
I think so .
Toyota Corolla 2002 .
Do you charge for checking it out ?
How long is it going to take ?
I'll wait .
I ’ m sorry sir . This computer is not broken or damaged . It ’ s simply just too old ! That ’ s why your programs and applications are running slow . There really isn ’ t much I can do .
Yes , but technology is ever changing and technology is becoming obsolete faster and faster !
Well , this desktop over here is our latest model . It has a four gigahertz processor with sixteen gigabytes in RAM and a hard disk with one terabyte . Of course , it includes a mouse , keyboard and desk speakers .
This PC is top of the line and I guarantee it will never freeze ! If it does , we ’ ll give you your money back !
Nope . How's the food there ?
I do my shopping at Sons .
What's wrong with Sons ?
Whole Foods has a lot of organic foods ?
I've never been , but I may start shopping there .
Thanks for letting me know .
Of course , where do you want me to stand ?
I'm glad you're replacing it . We need more space to work on things . How deep will the new workbench be ?
Well , it's about 65 cm at the moment . Could we increase it by about a third ?
What do you want , a single or a double one ?
How long do you intend to stay ?
We have one single room on the fifth floor .
It's very quiet , sir .
It's 150 yuan per day including a 10 % service charge .
Would you please fill in the registration form ?
As a hotel policy , we require one day's room charge as a deposit for guests without reservation .
Your room number is 505 . This is your key . The bellboy will help you with the baggage .
Good morning . I'd like to make a reservation to Guangzhou for August 2 .
May I inquire about the departure time ?
When will the plane reach for the morning flight ?
OK . I'd like to book a ticket for this one .
We have two direct flights . Would you like a morning one or an afternoon one ?
Single or return ?
It's raining cats and dogs .
yes . I needed a large one . Before , I had a separate refrigerator and freezer , but this has both combined into one .
yes . You know I ’ Ve been cooking more kind of food recently and I needed some extra space for spices and ingredients .
no , I didn ’ t . I gave them a really good clean , so they just look new . The worktop was in poor condition , so I had a new one added .
yes , I have . I need them to help me with these new dished I ’ m trying to make . I need a little more practice before I invite guests over .
Sorry , I don ’ t know the rule about punching .
Do we also need to punch out after work ?
How about the lunch break , Lucy ?
May I ask whether we need to work overtime ?
It's $ 1.25 for this bus .
I started driving the bus a few months ago .
Not at all .
I never did either , but it pays the bills .
I liked talking to you too .
I'd like to have lunch in my room .
What does a Chinese food have ?
That will be fine . I'll take it .
Sure , it's White in Room 204 .
Exactly .
You know that is tempting but is really not good for our fitness .
Do you really think so ? I don't . It will just make us fat and act silly . Remember last time ?
I suggest a walk over to the gym where we can play singsong and meet some of our friends .
Sounds great to me ! If they are willing , we could ask them to go dancing with us . That is excellent exercise and fun , too .
All right .
the chef is going to slice it into thin pieces . There will be around one hundred and twenty pieces of both skin and meat for each .
absolutely . It is said that they serve 3,000 ducks every day .
oh , they are pancakes , hollowed sesame buns , scallions , cucumbers and oisin sauce . I will show you how to make one .
Just roll it up and have a bite , Amy .
certainly . First , a Beijing duck is specially selected . After it is cleaned and dressed , it will be roasted in an open oven . Only wood of fruit trees are used to fuel the fire to give the duck a unique
Yes , Amy , please have some more .
Here you are .
I want to check these three pieces and I'll carry this overnight bag by myself .
Well , then , how much do I owe you ?
I see .
Okay .
I'm sorry , madam , there ’ s a limit to the speed .
I'm sorry about that . What ’ s your flight time ?
Don ’ t worry , madam . I guess we should get there not later than 1:30 p . m .
Here we are .
Just a minute . Here's your change .
It's hard to say . But why ?
I can understand your position . We can not make any promise , but we'll try our best .
My first job was in a well-established company where the division of labour was very clear . I do not have more chances to enrich my experience . Then I got an opportunity to really broaden my experience with a new company that was starting up , but unfortunately , they closed their service in three months ' time . I have worked in my present company for a considerable length of time and enjoy the job I am doing now , but I think I have accumulated enough experience to take up more challenging post in a much larger and diversified company where I could make solid contribution .
Yes , sir . What's the matter ?
Well , we are rather full , sir . I'm not sure if I'll be able to find a vacant room .
OK , sir . I'll do my best .
I haven ’ t played softball since I was in high school !
Okay . I guess I could give it a try .
What's the price of the bread ?
And how much is the coca cola ?
Here is ten Yuan .
Thank you .
Yes , we ’ Ve got a reservation . The name is Ann .
This is your table .
Yes .
Thank you .
Sure , here you are . And here are my application forms as well .
Nice to meet you Mr . Jones .
Well , my first order of business will be attending a conference in Seattle , but after that I intend to spend two weeks visiting my friends . I assumed a business visa would be required .
So I can attend conferences and do business on that visa ?
Oh , I see . I think 90 days is more than enough time .
I ’ m going to work .
I ’ m going to work at the polling place .
I work there every year .
I applied for the job online .
It ’ s a fun job .
They pay enough .
Oh , four or five . How much is the rent for this apartment ?
150 ? No , I'm not really interested in this place . It isn't big enough . It isn't near enough to my office . 150 ?
I cut it on that blade .
Don't you know that ? It's all about new office rules .
It says smoking is not allowed in any private offices . It might be the most terrible thing for you .
If you want to ask for leave , you should get the approval from the manager in charge of your department .
The note says you should call your manager first , and then tell him your reason , and then ask him for the approval .
No . We still enjoy 10 - day of paid vacation per year .
Of course . That's what we deserve .
I have something else to remind you of . Don't be late , if you are late , you will be fined 20 Yuan per minute .
So remember to set your alarm clock .
Yes . I'm looking for a guide .
By the way , we want one who can speak beautiful Chinese .
Park in the visitors ' car park in front of the factory and then go to the gatehouse . It's directly opposite the entrance to the car park . The Security people will sign you in and give you a visitor's badge . My assistant will come down to meet you .
I would like a cup of decaf with cream and no sugar .
How fresh is that apple pie over there ?
Okay , throw in a piece of that pie then .
I'm in a bit of a hurry today , so we'd better make it to go . Thanks for asking .
There's an open house this weekend .
It starts at 11AM in the morning .
We are practically full up , but I will see . What do you want , a single room or a double one ?
How long do you plan to stay ?
You can have a room on the second floor .
I think you will find it quiet . It faces the courtyard .
The current rate is 50 dollars per night .
A radio , a color television , a telephone and a major international newspaper delivered to your room everyday .
Yes , we give 5 % discount for one week , 10 % for two weeks and more .
Will you fill out this form , please ? The bellboy will show you up to your room . Your luggage will be brought right up .
We do serve dinner .
We ’ re on our own tonight , dad ’ s taking mom out .
You know on a date , they are going out to dinner .
Yeah , they said they ’ re reviving the old tradition .
That ’ s right , once a week . Do you want to order some pizza ?
Here you are .
Just this one .
Aisle , please .
What ’ s the gate number ?
No problem . Just take your clothes off from the waist up and put the gown on , with the opening in the back .
You will stand over here up against this plate .
You will raise your arms up shoulder high .
Yes , you are doing great .
I need to stand behind this shield . Now you will take a deep breath , hold it , and let it out .
That ’ s it . You can get dressed when the film is developed .
I ’ m fine , Celia . And you ?
Do you have a lot of homework ?
Of course I do !
I ’ m studying for my chemistry exam tomorrow .
Yes . Are you ?
Do you want to study together ?
Do you want to go to an empty classroom ?
OK . Let ’ s go !
Because I ’ m not in the mood , that ’ s why .
Help you in the kitchen , I don ’ t feel like it .
Really ? Do I have to do it ?
What a girly drink . I'll take a bag of the Blue Mountain and a decaf breva ...
Isn't “ frappuccino ” Italian , too ? ... and heat me up a panini .
And I'll stick with real coffee .
Quite well.thank you.And what about you ?
Of course .
Sure . At present one dollar is equal to 6.4392 yuan . How many dollars would you like to change ?
Please wait for a moment ... Now here is your Chinese currency . See if it's right . It's 3,220 yuan . Please keep this exchange memo . You may need it for converting when you leave China .
It's my pleasure .
Is this the right subway to the Wall Street ?
Could you tell me shall I take the express or local train ?
Which of them is the local train , please ?
How much is the fare ?
What should I do with the token ?
It is a bit of a fixer-upper . Let ’ s take a look inside .
You know , with a little elbow grease and paint , you could spruce it up a bit .
Let ’ s go check out the kitchen . The printout says that it is quite large .
Maybe the master suite has some redeeming qualities . Follow me , please .
Perhaps we should move on to the next listing .
Well . You're the tour guide , I'll follow you .
That's sulphur you can smell . The whole of Taiwan is a volcanic region . That's why Taiwan has so many hot springs . It's volcanic activity.The sulfur smoke that you can smell is coming from those fumaroles over there .
That's quite all right .
Not too worry , so tell me about yourself .
Let me see . It's £ 800 per set CIF London .
Usually the commission is three percent of the net invoice amount after deduction of discounts .
Considering our good relationship and our future business , we give you four percent . That's the best we can do . We can't go any further . What would you say to it ?
Yeah , yeah , we ’ re here because we feel this is an injustice ! The financial irresponsibility of big business has to stop ! We ’ re there to show the government that we don ’ t like the way that they ’ re spending our tax dollars !
It ’ s an absolute outrage , Sarah , the US government wants to give 25 billion dollars of taxpayers ’ money to the auto industry . These are companies that have been mismanaged and are now nearly bankrupt .
That maybe true , and I for one don ’ t want to see anyone lose their job , but how can these Ces ask for a bailout when they ’ re making millions of dollars ? And then , they have the nerve to fly to Washington in private jets ! This costs hundreds of thousands of dollars ! And they ’ re asking for money ! That is just not right !
Here you are .
Sightseeing .
Nine days .
Yeah , Please do . Now let me show you the house .
You bet . This is the nicest room in the district . You know what , I just had all the walls repainted last month .
It's a well furnished eat-in kitchen . The stove and the ice-box are in good order , and the plumbing is OK , too .
Terrific ! When are you moving in ?
There is a fire in your building . You need to evacuate immediately .
Don't panic ! We'll help you get out of the building safely .
Please follow my instructions . Use a wet towel to cover your mouth and nose . Walk quietly to th nearest emergency exit . Now go get the wet towel .
Come with me .
Don't take your personal belongings . We need to get out of the building now !
Crouch down and try not to breathe in the smoke .
Are you asking me ?
Well , you know me . I can always eat pizza or Spagetti .
I know , don ’ t remind me . I ’ m starting a new diet the day after tomorrow .
I was drying my hair and ironing my shirt ! Can you come here for a sec ? I need your help .
I don ’ t know what to wear ! Ok , give me your opinion . Do you like the way this looks ? The striped short sleeved shirt with this checkered sweater and my lucky sandals . I like the cut and hemline of these shorts so I think I ’ ll wear these as well .
Thanks honey ! You have such great fashion sense . Now , what am I going to do with my hair ?
It comes to $ 40 .
Of course . I will find you one .
Mm , I just need something about business news.Can you recommend some ?
Thank you . I'll have one .
It's in aisle A .
I don't know . Check the flyer or check with the produce person .
My chicken tastes all right , but it is pretty dry . How is your fish ?
It's almost as if this food has been sitting a little too long . It doesn't seem fresh .
How are your vegetables ?
Mine are the same way . It seems like they've been overcooked .
I agree . Maybe they can bring us some better food .
I need to see your ID .
You need to give me your ID and $ 27 .
Go get it .
All right , I'm going to need you to fill this out .
Here's a pen for you .
You need to turn that in at Window B .
I didn't mean to . It was an accident .
I did not . It looks perfectly fine .
What did I do to it ?
I really don't think that I did that .
Look , just give me your insurance and number and I'll take care of it .
Trust me .
Yeah , I went to school today . Were you there ?
That sucks . Did you want the assignments from English class ?
No problem , you're welcome .
Well , thank you . I hope to see you at school tomorrow .
My hair is kind of dry and brittle ...
No , it's just perfect .
No , really , it feels great .
There are various choices of blood pressure medication that we can try .
We could start with Hydrochlorothiazide , which is a diuretic .
There really are not many side effects . You need to drink a lot of water when you take this pill .
It might be , but for a while I also want you to take an ACE inhibitor , Lisinopril .
You may have a little bit of a dry cough , but you will feel much better .
Yes . I've got a small room .
200 Yuan a week , but smoking is not allowed .
Would you mind waiting ? I'm on the telephone .
No . Have you ?
What does she look like ?
How tall would you say that she is ?
What about her facial features ?
I think I know who you're talking about .
I think that I have .
I need to cancel an account .
I don ’ t need two different accounts anymore .
Can I transfer it to my remaining account ?
That ’ s lovely .
No . That ’ s fine .
Thank you very much .
Yes . I need a belt that is kind of casual and kind of dressy .
All right . Thanks a lot .
Sure . Go back and take the third turning on the left .
It is really like a labyrinth .
I am sorry . That table has been booked .
Where to , sir ?
Please hop in .
It ’ ll take about 20 minutes .
Yes , they are .
Yes , it is . Are you in a hurry , sir ?
Yes , sir .
The cereal is over by the breakfast foods .
It's by the oatmeal and breakfast bars .
Did you need help finding anything else ?
That would be over by the paper towels and toilet paper .
Yeah , you'll find it there .
The bank closes in 30 minutes and I need to cash a check .
Thanks . But it ’ s necessary for me to buy a TV set .
You can take me to the bank if you want to .
Why ? You said I was hot when smoking .
Smoking is killing . I know .
I don ’ t believe it .
Of course I know it , but you know it's hard to quit smoking ...
Yes , ma'am . Whatever you say .
Oh , my God ! It ’ s my stomach . It ’ s killing me !
Right here ! It hurts right here !
I felt OK when I woke up , and then , suddenly , I had this really sharp pain .
No , and I haven ’ t done anything out of the ordinary .
Thank you for helping me .
Well , I just want to enjoy what I ’ m doing . it ’ s the most important thing to me .
Yes , because I think being interesting thing is the best teacher . Or have more opportunities to have career growth .
Yes , of course .
In five years , I ’ d like to be a senior manager of this corporation .
By doing whatever is necessary .
Good morning ! I'm Steven Smith . I want to open an account here .
Thank you very much ! And then what ?
OK ! Thank you .
Well , I'm trying to buy some foreign currency for my holiday .
We are going to Macau to visit my niece . She said it's better for me to bring US dollars , is that right ?
OK , I see . What's the exchange rate ? Is the dollar up or down ?
To be honest , I have no idea about these things ! But I'm sure that's alright .
Yes , I'd like to make a reservation for eight tonight .
At 7:30 pm . And I would like to sit in the non-smoking area .
The private room , please .
It will be for business dinner . Reserve it under the name of Nova , the manager of Fashion Clothes Company .
Sorry , you have the wrong number . There's no Brian here .
No , it's 777-9344 ?
That's OK .
Sure . Go straight on down this road , take the second left and then the first right . It ’ s next to Tiananmen Square .
Don ’ t mention it .
It is just too much . Don ’ t you feel it is an exaggerating style to decorate offices in that way ?
Well , I doubt that .
What do you have ?
Can I have apple pie with ice cream ?
I love you home made apple pie . It ’ s delicious . Can I have another glass of lemonade as well ?
Ok . Would you like a drink too ?
Are you having any dessert ?
Yes , surely .
No , you don't . It is free of charge .
Yes , certainly.Would you wait for a few minutes ?
Yes , what is it ?
Sure . I'll be back in a minute .
Can you describe the plumbing problems you are having ?
Okay , the bathroom plumbing needs looking at . What about the kitchen plumbing ?
Has this problem been going on for a long time ?
I will be coming over to look at it this afternoon . Will you be there ?
I can always use my key to get in , but I would prefer that you be there .
You have found your way to the interview class . Please come in !
When we go into an interview , what do you think our first consideration should be ?
Friendliness and a good attitude are also very important .
The interviewers always are interested in what you ask them about their company .
Be yourself and be honest . Simply answer the questions put to you .
I ’ m making a bookcase . Give me that hammer please , Dan .
No , not that one . The big one .
Thanks , Dan .
I ’ m going to paint it .
I ’ m going to paint it pink .
This bookcase isn ’ t for me . It ’ s for my daughter , Susan . Pink ’ s her favorite colour .
I'm glad to meet you , Sue . Please have a seat .
We've looked over your letter and resume and I'm very satisfied with them . Today I want to invite you talk about insurance you're interested in .
Of course . A two-week paid vacation a year , a five-day workweek .
Yes . All the insurance will be linked with your work . We will issue an insurance policy .
I'm a little short . I don't have enough for you .
I really don't have enough money .
Well , why don't you ask Bob for some money ? I'm hungry too .
Okay , so on Friday , you can buy yourself something to eat .
You can always go home and make something to eat .
Sorry . That's not my fault .
That's all right .
I'd just like a trim and don't make it too short .
A little trimming , please.Trim a little more above the ears .
Yes , I would like to look at some of your products . I think what I am using now does not fit me well .
What do you have in foundation ?
What colors do you have in foundation ?
The color I use now is natural beige . How much do you sell it for ?
That's expensive .
I understand . I need a lipstick , too . Do you have lipsticks in red ?
All right . How much is it ?
Well , I'll take them .
The reason for my application for this position is simple . My educational background and professional experience make me qualified for the job .
Oh , just one thing , could you give me some ideas of the pay ?
2,000 RIB per month .
3,000 RIB per month .
No , that's all .
You did a wonderful job .
Yes , you passed .
You did mess up on something .
Your parallel parking isn't all that great .
You just need a little more practice .
You got it .
I'd like to work in a law firm to enrich my experience and put what I've learned into practice .
Well . During the college years , I worked as a trainee every summer at lawyer's offices . Does that count ?
I did clerical stuff and ran errands .
May I know about the office hours ?
Er , may I know how much I will be paid monthly ?
When will I know your decision ?
Yes , I did . Can you call after 7 p . m . ? I'm usually out in the daytime .
Good-bye .
No , I'm good . All we need now is our check .
I think that is our waitress is over by the bar . Boy , the service has not been good this evening .
Good . Just bring it back and we'll total it together .
What do you think would be the right amount to tip ?
I agree that it was bad service , but I heard one of the other waiters mentioning that it was our server's first night on the job .
I think that a tip of $ 3.60 will be the right amount to leave .
Ugh , I feel terrible . I went out last night with Trevor , and things got a little out of hand .
We hit a couple of local bars , and met up with some friends . Everything was cool until Mike came along , and it turned out that it was his birthday yesterday !
Tell me about it ! We drank everything in the bar !
Yeah . I woke up this morning feeling really nauseous . I threw up like five times .
I was so dehydrated that I drank like a gallon of water , and my head has been pounding all day . I swear , I ’ m never gonna drink again !
Oh , yeah . I ’ m there !
You just need to send an application .
Yes . You are expected to know the e-mail address of the company .
I am accomplished in English and computer . Besides , I've got a Teacher's Certificate .
Yes . I regard instructor as a decent occupation and I love to be an instructor .
What is it , dear ?
You mean stuff like tampons and sanitary napkins ?
Follow me . All the things you need as a woman are in aisles 10 and 11 . This section is usually near the medicine section in any supermarket .
It ’ s a beautiful day to see two world class teams face each other and fight for their right to be called champions .
Roger Vargas is up at bat . The pitcher winds up and strike one !
The players are scrambling to get the ball . Vargas gets to first base and he ’ s still going ! The outfielder throws it to second ! Vargas slides ! He ’ s safe !
We have a runner on third and up at bat is Brian Okapi ! There ’ s the pitch , he hits it ! It ’ s going , going , that ball is gone !
These shoes are great ! What is the price of this ?
That's too much !
Yes , I'm thinking of buying some T-shirts , but I find your price is on the high side .
I'm not so sure of that . I think it's difficult for me to push sales at such a price .
I think to get the business done , you should at least reduce the price by 20 % .
As a trial order , I'll take 5,000 dozen this time .
That's really a big change from 20 % . I really can't accept that .
To conclude the deal , I'd say a reduction of at least 15 % would help .
If that's the case , I'll have to go somewhere else to meet my needs .
8000 would be too large a figure to be used for a trial .
Ok . Let's call it a deal .
I ’ m just finishing now , ma ’ am . I ’ ll have them ready within the hour .
You ’ re welcome , ma ’ am . I ’ ll call you when they ’ re ready .
I ’ m great . Thanks .
I need to know if I have any fees to pay .
How much do I owe ?
That ’ s crazy !
Can I do that right now ?
I think I ’ ll be paying with cash .
No problem .
You know that I have no secrets toward you .
Why asking that ? It's often the sort of Dutch treat .
I ’ m sorry . She ’ s in a meeting right now .
Can I give her a message for you ?
And your name , please ?
Certainly .
Good evening . Could you let us have a double room ?
A week or ten days . We'd like to have a quiet room , if possible-not too near the street .
What's the price per day ' ? And are the meals included or extra ?
All right , we'll take it .
OK .
Yeah.It ' s a must for me .
I won't , mum .
Hello , doctor .
I've got a backache .
No , I don't . I've never had a bad one before .
About four days ago .
Can you give me some medicine ? It's very painful .
How about your academic records at college ?
In which subject did you get the highest marks ?
Have you received any scholarships ?
Have you been a class leader ?
Did you join in any club activities ?
What sport are you good at ?
You are excellent .
Well , there are several things . Of course , you must do everything you can to keep costs down and revenues high .
No . if you do that , the workers won ’ t like their jobs . They will be less efficient and you will get a high staff turnover . Those things will increase you costs .
You need to invest in some good advertising . You have to know where your potential customers are and target them . It ’ s no good trying to sell computer games to older people . The market is too small .
Find out what other companies charge for the same products or services . Price yourself near the low end . Don ’ t be much cheaper than everyone else , because many customers distrust very cheap things . Th
Yes ? How can I help you ?
Yes .
Yes . The limit is four per family .
I know . This is a really good bargain .
No problem .
Julie ! It's good to see you again . How have you been ?
Really ? How was it ?
I hear the beaches in Thailand are beautiful .
I do like Thai food . Did you see much of Bangkok ?
I know what you mean . I could use a vacation myself .
Yeah , it sure would .
Excited about what ?
Is this the first time you ’ Ve voted ?
That ’ s lucky .
You turned 18 in an election year .
Really ?
You ’ re a part of history .
I suppose you know very well that we require irrevocable letters of credit payable against presentation of shipping documents .
I'm afraid it has been our practice so far to insist on payment by L / C .
I understand that . Still , I'm not in a position to help you . Maybe we could do something later when we have had more and larger deals together .
For your high blood pressure , we have several choices of medications .
Hydrochlorothiazide is a diuretic that helps you with water retention .
Most people have no side effects . You will have to make sure that you drink plenty of liquids with this medication .
I am going to add a second drug for now , Lisinopril , which is an ACE inhibitor .
You will feel much better except for the fact that you might have a little cough .
Don't you have one like this in blue ?
Do you need every color in the rainbow ?
Ze ze ze ... Women !
Yes . The two sides declared a short ceasefire but it broke down earlier today . Several military target were destroyed by bombing . Many civilians were among the dead and wounded .
Bout side claim a small area of territory . Both sides tried to build border fences and began attacking each other .
Relief agencies report that many civilians are in desperate need of food and shelter . Several European countries have agreed to send aid , but are afraid that their planes will be shot down .
Both countries are very poor . Soon they will run out of money to finance the war . Then , perhaps , they will negotiate .
You have good taste . It's made of red wood .
300 dollars .
Believe me , it's worth the price .
How much are you willing to pay ?
No . That price would hardly cover the cost .
275 dollars is the lowest price I can offer .
We have no choice but to hold you responsible for the loss we sustained .
Well . I hope there won't be such things .
We're redecorating our living room .
First , we're going to change the curtains , then we're going to paint the walls .
Pale yellow .
We're going to put in some new furniture .
Of course .
Sure . And if you rent it , maybe I can help you find a roommate too .
Yes , my friend Steve . I'll introduce you .
I am sorry . I've already gone through my paycheck for the week .
Not me . You know money always burns a hole in my pocket .
Not bad . Thank you for your help . I am always busy with this job , I feel a bit tired .
I also feel that work efficiency here is very high . and you have strong working ability and professional skill , it seems that you know all , that's really wonderful !
That's right , I have to work .
Do you live in Pasadena ?
You could always take the 264 .
It goes all the way there .
Catch it on Altadena Drive .
Now you know .
No problem .
Can ’ t it wait ? I ’ m watching the game right now !
Fine ! What do you need ?
Whoa wait a minute ! Isn ’ t that a bit too much ? I mean , how much is all of this going to cost !
Is that all , your majesty ?
I am calling about the advertisement for a flat with a bedroom . Do you still have it now ?
Is there any furniture in it ?
What's the rent for a year ?
Where is it located ?
That's great . But can you make the rent cheaper , let's see , 12,000 Yuan ?
OK . I will be free at tomorrow afternoon . I'll take a taxi to get there .
That's no problem . Let me see ... You still have ten days annual leave left , is that right ?
That's long leave . How's your project coming along ?
Well , all right . But you make sure to tie up loose ends before you leave .
Great ! I hope you have a good relaxation and come back refreshed .
These red ones ? I'm not sure .
Oh , these ? Hmm ... Yellow isn't a good color for me .
Which one ?
It's $ 42 ! ! That's expensive !
Why ?
Really , well , o . k . Get the receipts out .
That ’ s $ 1825 .
$ 3075 . Our paychecks our $ 3300 , combined . That means we don ’ t have any receipts for $ 225 .
I'm not sure if we've got any now.Books of that kind are on this shelf.Well , I'm afraid we've sold out .
Come some time next week if you like . I think we'll have got some by them .
I think we'll need more time than the schedule gives us .
I don ’ t know ! This stupid old car started spewing white smoke and it just died on me . Luckily , I managed to start it up and drive it here . What do you think it is ?
What do you mean ? My daddy gave me this car for my birthday last month . It ’ s brand new !
Ugh ... So how long is this going to take ? An hour ?
What ! How am I supposed to get to school or go shopping ? This is not happening !
Go ahead .
Good morning . I'd like to speak to Peter . Chen Please .
This is Tim . Hunter from Hunter industries .
We have an appointment for this afternoon . Mr.Chen will know why I'm calling .
Who ’ s calling ?
Hold on , I ’ ll get her .
Yes , certainly . I'll be back in a minute.Here you are .
Of course not . Let me check . Oh , you seem to be correct .
Only ten percent of taxes included in the bill .
It sure does .
Perhaps if you would be kind enough to tell me the problem , sir .
Oh , no , are they back ? I'll give you another room immediately , sir , and a refund for tonight .
Sir , without happy guests , we are nothing .
Very well . Thank you .
Do I have any fees to pay ?
How much ?
That ’ s unbelievable .
I want to pay all of it off today .
I ’ ll be paying with cash .
Hello . Is there a package tour to Beijing ?
Does the tour have a Chinese-speaking guide ?
What is the cost of the tour ?
It's a bit expensive . Can you tell me the schedule ?
Yes , but I only have few experiences . I guided a few groups of foreign tourists from America last winter vacation . I showed them around some places of interest .
Too many . I will just give you one example , Huangguoshu Falls , the largest waler-fall in China .
Thank you !
Oh , yes . We have rather mild winters . It always has much sunshine in winter . But it was very foggy when I left two days ago . I knew it would be colder here , but I thought there would be a lot of snow .
What is the temperature today , do you know ?
Oh , I'm very lucky that my wife let me take a heavy overcoat .
Yes , she is . By the way , what is the best season in Beijing ?
Really ? Then I will come to Beijing in the fall next time .
well , it depends .
of course yes .
very touching .
yes , it is so . i love songs that take me to some places i have not been or have been for a long time . it is fun and exciting .
it is full of energy .
it certainly is .
All right . In my first teaching position I received the Excellent Teaching award the past two years in succession .
Yes . I was chosen as one of ' the Top Ten Prominent Youths of Beijing ' in 2002 .
Yes . I have got two articles in English in The International Youth Writer's Collection .
yes , you sent them to New York , right ?
what did you in mind ?
we have plenty of postcards to choose from here . The same designs can be found on these posters .
yes , we do . They're on the wall behind you .
the prices are clearly marked on the back of each mask . Would you like me to get one down for you to look at ?
here you go .
are you looking for some homemade chocolate as a gift .
we've got plenty to choose from here .
I'm sorry ; he's out at the moment .
I think he'll be back in about an hour at least .
Yes , of course .
Ok . Does he know your number ?
13924774026 . All right . Thanks for calling . Oh , hang on , someone's at the door that may be him , please hold on .
I need the haircut . But you seem so busy today .
Ok , but how long I have to wait , it is going to be more than 30 minutes .
Thank you .
Ok , thanks .
I was going to eat in , I'm short on cash .
In that case , I'm with you . Em.this is good .
Are you on the up and up ?
If you asked me , you've got a screw loose somewhere .
Fat chance , I'm too scared of bungee jumping .
What did that have to do with me ? I'm not the self-seeker like you .
I had a sneaking suspicion about you , Eric , I think you've lost it .
Um , okay . Well , I just want a trim . Nothing too fancy .
Okay . Um ... can you make sure my sideburns are even and you just take a little off the top .
Um ... no .
It's a good idea .
I don't like Hamburgers . They have no taste .
Maybe I want an apple pie .
Stockholders meetings are held biannually . Usually the meetings are scheduled for spring and fall . In between the meetings , each stockholder receives biannual reports . Financial statements are made once a year .
You're right , it's a low percentage . Also , in order to attend meetings , you have to hold a certain amount of shares . It's quite a large number , so most of the stockers are excluded from proceedings .
Unless they're united , very little ...
Yes , bring me a bottle of wine and filet steak .
Yes , what kind do you have ?
I think French will be fine .
I'm going to the Golden hotel .
Thank you . I have an appointment with an important client at 10
Thank you.here ' s 10 $ , just give me 1 $ back , please .
Very well . You know , we have definite ways of packaging garments . As to blouses , we use a polythene wrapper for each article , all ready for window display .
Right you are . We'll see to it that the blouses appeal to the eye as well as to the purse .
We'll pack them 10 dozens to one carton , gross weight around 25 kilos a carton .
Yes , corrugated cardboard boxes .
Why use wooden cases ?
The cartons are comparatively light , and therefore easy to handle . They won't be stowed away with the heavy cargo . The stevedores will see to that . Besides , we'll reinforce the cartons with straps . Silk blouses are not fragile goods . They can stand a lot of jolting .
No need to worry about that . The cartons lined with plastic sheets are waterproof , and as the boxes are made of cardboard , they will be handled with care .
Tampering with cartons is easily detected . I should say that this rather discourages pilferage .
But cartons are quite seaworthy . They are extensively used in our shipments to continental ports . There are never any complaints from our clients , and our insurance company has also approved such packing for W . P . A . and T . P . N . D .
I'm sorry , but we can't take on any responsibility that is beyond our functions and powers . We'll make sure that the packing is seaworthy , but we can't commit ourselves to being responsible for every kind of mishap .
We'll use wooden cases if you insist , but the charge for packing will be considerably higher , and it also slows delivery .
Please do . I'll be waiting for your reply .
Don ’ t sweat it . We will land safely .
Yes , sir ?
I used to play football regularly when I was at university . And I used to do athletics in the summer .
I was a runner-a long-distance runner .
No . I'm afraid I haven't had time since I got married .
Certainly , sir .
You know I don't know anything about fashion .
Well , they are both all right .
Oh , no . I mean you look very nice in both of them .
But after all , it is your decision , not mine .
Well , we just got in some mangoes .
Well , it's a fruit with a big nut in it .
No , you peel off the skin and throw out the nut .
Well , the sale price is $ 1 each .
They're like a citrus fruit .
You can buy them hard . Wait a few days for them to develop a soft feel .
Most of them in this store are from Mexico .
I'd like a pair of sports shoes .
I just like jogging .
Er ... , that blue pair . I need size 43 , please .
Very comfortable . I'll take them .
Good morning ! Can you help me , please ? I'm looking for some books for my mother .
She's very fond of detective stories ?
Oh , yes !
I'm not sure , but she probably won't remember if she has ! She's very forgetful !
She's eighty-seven .
Thank you . That's a good idea . she likes exciting books . Can you suggest another one ?
Thank you , Rick ! As you can see , ladies and gentleman , we are here in beautiful Pebble Beach where the top golfers in the world are trying to win the grand prize of one million dollars !
All right , we are here at the eighth hole . It ’ s a par four , and has some very difficult hazards which many golfers find difficult to avoid . Although , I did see Jack Nicklaus hit a hole in one on this very same hole !
Oh no ! Not a good swing at all ! It ’ s definitely not his day today . On the seventh hole he got a bogey and before that he barely made par . He will definitely not get a birdie on this shot .
Oh no ! A bear ! Run , Tiger , run ! Somebody call animal control !
Sure , Sherry . Sorry to have kept you waiting . If you hadn ’ t told me , I probably would have just forgotten all about them .
There you are .
Just go straight along this street , turn left at the first crossing and walk straight ahead about 100 meters . You can ’ t miss it .
It ’ s about 20 minutes ’ walk , I think .
Yes , you can take the No . 5 bus over there . Get off at the next stop .
It ’ s my pleasure .
I need to do a credit investigation on another company , but I'm worried it'll be a bit difficult .
Well , it's an American company , you see . I'm worried that there will be too much red tape involved .
Really ? I have been told , by another bank , that it makes it difficult if you want to investigate a company which is registered outside China .
I'm not exactly prepared right now . How about I go back to the office , get the relevant information and come back before closing ?
I'll return at about 4:30 pm . See you then .
Please give me this extra value meal , a red bean pie , and one order of vegetable salad .
A cup of hot orange juice .
Yes , that's all .
Don ’ t you have it ? Did you lose it ?
Myrdal , purse don ’ t just disappear . Think carefully . When did you have it last ?
OK . Let ’ go back to the hotdog stand .
Yeah , I do . I guess I'm a real fitness freak .
Well , I do aerobics every day after work . And then I play racquetball .
Oh , do you want to play sometime ?
Pretty well , I guess .
No problem , Rod . I won't play too hard .
I wish to have a job in which I can make good use of my strengths and have further improvement . And your company meets all my requirements .
Yes , I have purposefully done some homework in advance .
Actually , I have applied to several companies recently . But I am most satisfied with your company .
Admittedly , I hope it is a job in line with my specialty . But I will make the best effort to do the job whatever is assigned to me .
I would continue to work in the company as long as the job suits me well .
In my mind , salary is not the most important thing .
Sure . Where are you ?
What kind of car ?
Where are you going to ?
You are within 50 kilometers , so it's a 50 - dollar flat rate .
About 20 to 30 minutes .
I think I'm going to eat a piece of fruit .
I really like apples and grapes .
I love green apples .
Really ? Why not ?
So , you like red apples better ?
I think green apples are a lot better .
I'm colin . It's nice to meet you . What do you do ?
I'm in between jobs at the moment .
I'd like to find a job with flexible hours in the IT field .
no . Is it difficult to find such a job ?
yes . I'm pretty out-going and friendly .
I have some . I worked in the IT department at a language school for four years in Spain .
yes , but not fluently .
I've sent my CV to dozens of companies but nobody has got back to me .
no , because I didn't know what I wanted to do .
thanks , I will . I'll see you tomorrow then !
That is just an excuse . You can always find some time to exercise .
Bill , you know that work is not the same as exercise as it is stressful but not relaxing . And skipping meals will not help you lose weight.In fact your body will only store fat if you miss meals .
How about going for a walk instead of sitting on the sofa reading the newspaper after dinner every night ?
I know , I know . Have you got a portable radio ? You can listen to the news and get healthy at the same time .
All right . One moment , please ... No , Mr . Smith checked out this morning .
I ' m afraid he didn ’ t leave one .
That is very kind of you , Mr Lee . Thank you .
Of course . It ’ s a terrible night , isn ’ t it ?
Thank you .
Sure , here you go .
Of course . There you are .
Actually not so good . That's why we made a special trip to see you .
Good . I want to discuss with you the mode of payment for the construction of the power plant under negotiation .
I would like to explain to you our financial position . The manufacture of machinery and its accessories and parts will consume both time and money . It takes five years to manufacture the machinery and we will have to advance the cost for the main machines to be produced , and besides this there are large sums to be paid to our subcontractors for the manufacture of the accessories and parts .
Well , in fact , it is beyond our financial capability .
Have you considered the possibility of a buyer's credit ?
So , we propose your company apply to Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation for a long-term loan . Six months before each shipment , you through Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation open , in our favour , an irrevocable , dividable L / C which is to remain valid for two months .
Sorry , madam . I afraid you have a wrong number.we don't have Mr Over here .
No , you give a wrong number .
That's all right .
I ’ m in need of your services .
I have a court date coming up .
It ’ s the felony charge .
What ’ s your rate ?
That ’ s too high .
I ’ ll hire you anyway .
Sure , sir . But there is a charge for alcoholic beverages in economy class . Would you please refer to this price list ? And then give me your order .
OK , I will bring it to you in a moment .
I ’ d like a coffee please .
What have you got ?
Goodness me ! What a choice ! I think I ’ ll have a cappuccino please .
Hello , I'm sorry it's been such a long time . I've been away on business . I'd like to discount this .
Yeah , sure . Here they are . Take your time going through them , I'm in no hurry .
Do I need to pay anything ? Like a handling fee , or something ?
What should I wear today ?
How's the shirt ?
What's in your bags ?
Would you mind opening it ?
Wow ! So many choices you have ! I wish I could , but I just can't . I'm on a diet to lose weight .
I'd better not . Please don't tempt me . Please !
You're damn right . I'm not so easily coaxed into doing something that I think is wrong .
I need to find a new way of getting my insurance .
Could you give me some details about that ?
That sounds great . More dividends if I want to purchase them !
I'll go through the materials that you have given me and return shortly . Thanks .
Don't get drunk .
No , you'll have to get off at the bank , and take a No . 50 .
One dollar .
Two stops after this one .
Sure .
No , a No . 50 will take you right there .
Most willingly . It's 600 dollars per ton .
But you know , the price of this article has soared up since last year .
OK . I can make a special offer for you . This price is based on careful calculations . And it is the lowest price we can offer to you .
Sure , but I don't drink much . So I don't know what to order .
It sounds good . I'd like to start with a Compare .
Stirred will be fine .
Thanks . Does the bar have a signature drink ?
Can you recommend one ?
It sounds interesting . I'll take one .
It tastes great .
Yeah .
How about we go and get something to drink ?
Do you know what you want to get ?
Soda isn't the best thing to drink when you're thirsty .
Soda isn't good for you .
You should really drink water .
It's a lot better than soda .
Yes . It was so crowded . I'm worn-out . Let's find our seats .
Let me see ... yes , one window seat and one aisle .
That's fine . I'd like to be on the aisle anyway . It's easier to get in and out .
I think the smaller carry-on bag can go in the overhead compartment , and the others can go under the seat .
Don't forget to keep the seat belt on .
Yes !
Oh , you have too wild of an imagination .
I think the plans look good . There's just one thing though , I'm a bit concerned about the main lorry entrance . What's the height clearance ?
Are you sure that's high enough ?
This is Wang Ling speaking.You satisfy all the requirements . Congratulations ! You're hired .
I think you'd be perfect for this job . This company needs someone like you . When can you start working ?
Very good . You will normally be sent an official notification of the results of your interview by post . Once you get the notification , you can come .
See you . Bye .
Do you have the latest lipstick from Christian Dior ?
Any special colors ?
Can I try it on and see how it looks ?
Looks good . I'll take it .
Good morning . Yes , I am . But I ’ m sorry I don ’ t think I know you .
Oh , yes . We do have such a commercial . Sit down , please , Miss Liu . I ’ m glad to see you . Could you tell me about yourself first ?
Could you tell me about your work experience ?
Do you enjoy your work ?
Well , according to your experience , perhaps you could tell me what essential qualities a personnel department office clerk should maintain .
Good . Go on , please .
Anything else ?
Good . The work includes keeping the files . Have you got any practical experience with that ?
Yes , do you have a wine list ?
Bring us a bottle of Remy Martini and red wine .
That won't be a problem . Could you please tell me your name ?
Sir , I'm Michelle , and I run the front desk . Please tell me the days you'll be here .
We recently changed many things here , sir , including our prices . Do you mind , sir ?
The price will be $ 308 a night .
Very good . Now , Mr . Sandals , about the room , smoking or nonsmoking ?
Most of our clients prefer nonsmoking . Now , does a queen sound okay ?
One more second , sir . Your reservation is now verified , so all I need is your phone number .
Let me repeat that 626-555-1739 . Okay , sir , we look forward to seeing you in April !
Yes . I'd like to make a room reservation .
Two weeks from Thursday , for three nights .
Right .
Robert Hamlin .
Double .
Actually , yes I do . I was wondering about the subscription fee . And how much will you charge me during the time of redeeming this new fund ?
So , it's going to cost me then ?
What will you discuss at the meeting ?
And anything else ?
That's all ?
OK .
I hope you enjoyed your stay .
Good . Right , that comes to $ 1,500 .
That ’ s right , sir . Three nights at 500 dollars a night ... that comes to $ 1,500 .
Yes , of course . The meals and excursions were included in the hotel price .
I ’ m sorry sir . The 250 - dollar rate is based on double occupancy . That means it ’ s 250 per person . The room itself is 500 dollars a night .
Of course . Just a minute ; I ’ ll get her .
Well , your job is to compile and analyze financial information to prepare entries to accounts . You ’ re also responsible for preparing profit and loss statements and monthly closing and cost accounting reports .
Our company just concluded a business transaction . You can help with documenting varies financial sheets involved in this transaction .
You ’ re welcome . Feel free to ask me any time you need help .
My pleasure . You're a sweet couple . Do you have any questions ?
No , it doesn't . And there's a maintenance fee for each month . It's forty NT per ping .
Yes , but that doesn't include cable . It's for cleaning and trash removal . You just leave your trash outside your door .
Thank you , miss . Will dinner be served on the plane ?
That would be nice . Could you also get me a pillow and a blanket , please ?
How long will this flight last ?
Good . I'll have plenty of time to nap on the plane .
Morning . I'm a new user of your credit card and I was wondering if I'm taking full advantage of it .
Yes , of course . It's so much easier than cash , to be honest ; nowadays I hardly ever use cash . I just put it on the card and pay off the balance every month .
Really ?
So , if for some reason I was having a bad month and spent a little too much I could just pay the minimum ?
How so ?
Oh , I see . Well , I don't plan on only paying the minimum , but it's good to know that I can if I had to . Thanks for that .
I'm looking for a pair of shoes .
I wear size 36 . This pair looks nice . Can I try them on ?
How much are they ?
I'll take them .
It's on the south wall of the store , in aisle A .
I don't know . The produce person can tell you , though .
Here's ten . Keep the change .
I thought it would be a good idea to get a check-up .
I know . I figure as long as there ’ s nothing wrong , why go see the doctor ?
O . K .
Yes .
I ’ Ve tried a hundred times , but I just can ’ t seem to kick the habit .
O . K . , thanks , doctor .
“ You ain't nothing ' but a hound-dog ... ”
Of course I'm OK ! I just bought a bunch of classic Elvis records !
No sweat . Just go back and talk him down . Here comes Wei .
Oh , Dad . Do I have to get up right now ?
Why didn't my alarm go off today ?
I must have slept right through it .
OK . I know .
Good morning ! Is Mr . Smith in ? I'm Cheng Jun from China National Petroleum Corporation . I'd like to see him .
Am . No , I have an urgency to talk with him .
Thank you .
It's nine o'clock now . And I'll wait for him .
I stopped you for driving through a red light .
You didn't know ?
Don't you know that yellow means slow down ?
Why'd you speed up instead ?
I'll have to write you a ticket .
Here's your ticket .
Yes . I think so . It ’ s not a very expensive apartment . It ’ s in the right area and it has everything that we are looking for . The rooms are quite large too .
The neighbourhood is nice too . There is a park nearby .
It ’ s a pity we can ’ t afford a house . A garden would be so nice .
The building is quite new and well constructed . I ’ m happy with the fittings too .
Hmm ... How long will it take to mail things to the USA by air ?
I want to send it by express mail . The faster , the better .
Here you go .
Thanks .
I took them from a travel agency . Look at those nice pictures , lash forest , palm fringed , white sand beaches , crystal blue ocean , they ’ re breath-taking . It is like paradise on earth .
Yes , I ’ m thinking about signing up for a tour in the travel agency . Their next tour starts the same time as my holiday does next month .
10 days . When I get back , I still have two days to go before work . Isn ’ t that great ?
Well , I have got a vacancy .
Eight dollars fifty a week excluding laundry .
Can you call back later ? We're right in the middle of lunch .
I have a bad headache .
For two days .
I ’ m afraid so . Sometimes I feel hot and sometimes I feel cold .
Adaptability and sense of humor .
( Pause a few seconds ) They say Mr . Chen is an honest , hardworking and responsible man who deeply cares for his family and friends .
Honest , flexible and easy-going .
I feel that learning how to motivate people and to work together as a team will be the major goal of my leadership .
Silence is golden . Just don't say anything ; otherwise the situation could become worse . I do , however , accept constructive criticism .
Sometimes , the narrow-minded people make me frustrated .
I will try to present my ideas in a more clear and civilized manner in order to get my points across .
How long would you like to stay with this company ?
Ok , what do you want me to do ?
Ok . I ’ ll put the plates and cutlery away as I dry them . Where is the tea towel ? Oh , here it is .
While you ’ re cleaning the cooker , I ’ ll wipe the worktop . That was a great meal , by the way .
My pleasure ! This tea towel ’ s a little ragged . Do you have another one ?
Keep it and use it as rag . You can clean your bicycle with it .
We'd like this course for two , please .
Well , can't you make it for two only ?
I see . Well , what do you recommend then ?
Right , we'll have these three .
No , thanks .
No , sir . Would you rather sit near the dance floor ?
That's free .
Your name and room number , please ?
Have you used any hotel services this morning ?
OK . You have stayed for four nights at 90 US dollars each , and here are the meals that you had at the hotel . That makes a total of 660 US dollars .
Of course . Please sign your name here .
I'm sorry Marry is out right now .
Why don't you call back later this afternoon ?
Honey , don't tell me that you want a pet dog also .
Honey , you know , we don't have enough room for a pet dog .
No , honey , the balcony is full of boxes and things . I'm sorry .
Fine , Mr . Richardson . What do you have in mind ?
Yes ! I agree ! We could really use another one ! I ’ ll get on that right away ! What else would you like to order ?
Yes . So am I . But what will he do after graduation ? He really needs to go to college .
I know that but he has to learn to be independent . He can't just keep living at home .
Premium or regular , Madam ?
No problem , Madam . Should I check the air in the spare tyre as well ?
Should I clean the windshield for you ?
All right , Madam . It's ok . There is hardly any water in the radiator . It's dangerous , Madam . You could break down , because of the heat you know .
Anything you say , Madam .
No , we don't . I am sorry . It's 30 dollars and 10 cents in total .
Thank you , Madam . Have a nice drive !
Great . I ’ ll have a shot .
No , is there a single room left ?
For a week or so . Do you give discount for a week or more ?
All right . I will take a room for a week . Here is my passport .
You're so careless , Billy .
I've done it for you .
Um ... Hello , I would like to open an account .
I want to open a current account .
What's the minimum deposit for opening a current account ?
Well , here's 3,000 yuan .
OK , here you are .
Done ! What else should I do ?
OK . Thanks . Goodbye !
This is Mr Brown speaking . I'd like to speak to Mr . Thomas , please .
That's bad ! I've been trying to call him for the last ten minutes , but your line has been busy.Will he be back soon ?
Is there anywhere I can reach him ?
I have a business appointment with him for tomorrow morning at ten o'clock , but I'm afraid I can't make it .
Unfortunately , I'm leaving town rather unexpectedly , and I may be gone for several days .
Thank you .
This is she . How's it going ?
Sorry about that . I was cleaning up .
So what were you calling me about ?
Sure , what did you want to do ?
That sounds like fun . Let's do it .
See you then . Goodbye .
No , I ’ m not sure . I think about 65 mph , right ?
No , Officer , not at all .
Well , I guess I just wasn ’ t paying attention to the speedometer .
Um , because I was busy talking to my friend .
Yes , I was using a cell phone . I just bought it , so I decided to give my friend a phone call to tell him about it . While I did that I also turned on the radio and was listening to one of my favorite songs , and eating some food I had bought at a fast food restaurant , and , um ... guess I had too many distractions .
As far as I can see , Westlake Restaurant is a good choice .
Walk down till you see the first lights . It's cross the street .
I thought you knew , Todd . It was decided last week . I guess you weren ’ t at the meeting .
I ’ m sorry . Todd , but Mr . Emory felt that it was going too slowly , and that it needed a fresh start . He should have told you .
Let me see , in 5 minuets .
Don't worry . The bus tour is really worth while . You can enjoy the whole city in a single day .
It lasts 4 hours , from 10:00 to 14:00
How do you do , Mr . Smith ? My name is Thou Hong .
Will you please take a seat ? Mr . Smith , have you seen the display of our electronic products in the exhibition hall downstairs ?
Sure we can . You know , we've been in this line for more than twenty years .
Good . We can hold more talks later on to iron out the details .
I'm awfully sorry , I have other plan .
I'd love to come other time if it can be arranged .
Certainly , I'll be going .
I'll be waiting for you in our office about nine o'clock .
Yes , this is Holiday Inn reservation .
Yes.Your name , please ?
That is true . I hope it doesn't rain .
It wouldn't seem right if it started raining right now .
Any rain right now would be pointless .
I want it to cool down some .
Winter is great . I wish it didn't get so cold sometimes though .
I feel the same way .
That is true . I hope it doesn't rain .
It wouldn't seem right if it started raining right now .
Any rain right now would be pointless .
I want it to cool down some .
Winter is great . I wish it didn't get so cold sometimes though .
I feel the same way .
Don't you have a credit card ?
Why don't you change the cash to traveler's checks ? It's much more convenient and safer . When you are abroad , you can cash them .
I'm afraid you've got the wrong extension number .
OK . Hold on , please .
Mr.Cook is on Line Six . I'll put you through .
You are welcome .
That's all for now . How much do I owe you ?
Can't you make it a little cheaper ?
OK . I understand . Thank you .
Where are you planning on looking for one ?
I can tell you where I got mine .
IKEA has beautiful furniture .
The furniture cost a couple thousand dollars .
It's very sturdy . You get what you pay for .
I assure you that you're paying for quality .
Do you have any idea how many you'd like ?
Would you fill out this form , please ?
If you detect any difference , I'll take you out to dinner .
Thank you . Your order will be ready seven days from now .
We can certainly give you faster turnaround , but it will cost you extra .
Yes . I sent in my resume at the end of last week . I'm applying for the accounts assistant position .
My name is Judy Liao . That's spelled L I A O .
Not really . I was in the neighborhood , and I just wanted to stop in to see if you received my resume .
Thank you .
Yes , maybe . The ad in the newspaper said you wanted the resume , a cover letter , and two letters of recommendation . I included those things in the envelope . Is there anything else I should send ?
Do you know when they will start setting up interviews for the job ?
I see . Well , thank you very much for helping me . You have been very helpful .
Thank you .
Really ? Do you mean that you are leaving ?
Where do you want to go ?
I will miss you . But anyway I wish you every success at your new post .
Yes , something just opened up .
It's a one-bedroom , one-bathroom apartment .
Seventy cents a piece .
Sixty cents a piece .
Sure ! They are very fresh , first of all . We sell at a bargain , and you make a wise purchase if you buy them today . Eighty cents only , a piece .
Thank you very much and anything else ?
Here you are .
An aisle seat , please .
Well , we just got in some mangoes .
Well , it's a fruit with a big nut in it .
No , you peel off the skin and throw out the nut .
Well , the sale price is $ 1 each .
They're like a citrus fruit .
You can buy them hard . Wait a few days for them to develop a soft feel .
Most of them in this store are from Mexico .
It makes no sense to tell him about that .
Because he'll tell Mary and that will cause us problems .
Oh , she did ? Then it's a used car of course .
What else did she tell you ? Did she tell you how many miles there are on it ?
That's not bad.What about the price ? Did she tell you how much her friend wants for the car ?
Three thousand ! That's almost too good to be true.Did she say why her friend wants to sell it ?
Well , we can see it for ourselves.Did she tell you when we can go and look at it ?
I believe you can take the 486 .
It sure will .
It's a forty-five minute to an hour ride .
It doesn't take long at all
More people start getting on around LA .
Don't mention it .
Not bad . I ’ m proficient in both written and spoken English .
I passed College English Test Band 6 , with good skill in listening , speaking , reading , and writing . I haven't got any certificate of computer skills , because I don ’ t think certificates are necessary if what ’ s needed is merely operating a computer . I think practically , to know how to use a computer is more important . And I am quite familiar with Microsoft Office .
I took a part-time job last semester in translating and doing reception work for an exhibition . My work included hosting the visiting foreign exhibitors , communicating with them , arranging their agenda , and translating several materials . I think this activity well demonstrated my ability in English . And I will be glad to take any form of English test you arrange for me to prove my ability .
I stick to my principles and keep to the rules . Sometimes , they just lack enthusiasm . When I get them involved with something constructive , some of them change their attitude later .
Yes , I ’ m looking for a pair of trousers .
I ’ m a large .
He's the poor kid's father .
Yes , very .
The core values are credibilities , team work , diligence and devotion .
Yes , we are a foreign-invested company .
Thank you . Is that a window table ?
It's very nice of you .
Let me see . A roasted duck is 15 dollars . A plate of pork is 10 dollars . A bowl of beef is 6 dollars . Two bottles of beer are 3 dollars.That ' ll be a total of 34 dollars .
Oh , sorry , sir.We take no tips here.Thank you all the same .
Yes . I am . Actually my wife is a teacher .
German .
Since I first met my wife , about three years .
Yes , I ’ d like to do that .
Thank you .
In the market . Any problem ?
I've worked in the Production Department for two years .
Working with my colleagues , we were able to increase the production efficiency by 5 % .
Yes . I got a bachelor's degree in English from Beijing University .
I can get more promotion in your company .
Thank you .
When I was in LA , I met the WebTracker sales rep .
The sales rep had a green note pad just like yours . He said everybody at WebTracker used them .
We both may be snakes , Dave , but I'm just better at it . Among the snakes , I'm the sneakiest .
Really , what's wrong with it ?
Oh , do you use your computer often ?
Don't worry . Have you got receipt with you ?
We'll go to your house and repair it on Tuesday.Ok ?
See you then .
Hello , I need a new suit . I have an important interview next week , so I really need to look sharp .
Great ! I want a three piece suit , preferably made from Italian cashmere or wool .
Sure . I ’ ll also take some silver cuff link and a pair of silk ties .
Where did he go ?
Like me ? But you see I am so successful now . And if he is really like me , he will be more successful than me in the future .
Pay him ? But he studies for himself , not for you or for me or for anybody else . I got an idea . You should send him to class every morning and after the class begins , you can go to work .
That's a good idea . Why have I never thought of that ?
I know ! It ’ s an amazing growth opportunity ! They ’ re true industry leaders , and it would be so interesting to be part of an organization that is the undisputed leader in business process platform development .
Well , I visited their website and read up on what they do . They ’ re an IT service company that offers comprehensive business solutions for large corporations . They provide services such as ARM development , and they also offer customdesigned applications .
Well , the position is for an account manager . That basically means that I would be the link between our and our development team .
Well , as I said they ’ re the industry leaders , they have a really great growth strategy , amazing development opportunities for employees , and it seems like they have strong corporate governance . They ’ re all about helping companies grow and unleashing potential . I guess their core values and mission really resonated with me . Oh , and they offer six weeks ’ vacation , stock options and bonuses ... I ’ m totally going to cash in on that .
I'm on my way out to a New Year's banquet.How do I look ? Is my make-up ok ?
Do your think I should wear a different dress ?
Thanks for saying.Do you have any ideas which necklace I should wear ?
Thanks for helping out.Now Im ready , what are you doing tonight ?
Sounds fun.Anyone I know ?
Sounds like I'm missing out on a good time.Oh , well , there's always next year .
Yes , this is the Resume Writing Workshop . Welcome !
It ’ s easy . Don ’ t worry about it .
Well , the most important thing we need to do is make sure that our name and contact information are across the top .
You can either list your job experience next or your education--whichever is the most impressive should be first .
Sure , that would be a good place for them .
Usually , you cannot prepare for these questions in advance and have to depend on your immediate performance .
In this case , you should first keep calm and normal to the face .
Formulate a satisfactory answer based on your specific situation .
Try to show the best of yourself with decent words and manners .
You should admit your weakness frankly .
You must have confidence in yourself .
There's some leftover pizza from last night .
Um , I think there may be some leftover lasagna from the other day .
There might be some birthday cake left in the freezer .
You can wash the vegetables and cut the chicken and I'll make dinner !
I have been feeling great , Dr . Smith .
Yes , I am going on a cross-country bike ride on vacation and want to make sure that I don ’ t have any problems .
I ’ Ve been having trouble with congestion in my chest . Can you give me some tests for that ?
That would be great . What is the blood test for ?
I have been feeling great . I don ’ t imagine that any of my tests will turn out badly .
It says on the bottle here that you can have two refills .
Alright . I'm sorry , Miss . According to our file , this prescription has already been refilled twice .
Well , it looks like you have.You will need to see your doctor to get a new prescription .
I'm sorry , Miss . We can't do it . We must follow the prescription.And this prescription has run out .
Miss , I understand your problem.But it is against the law for us to sell certain medicines without a prescription.It ' s the law . I can't do anything about it.We never sell medicine unless we have a proper prescription . Never .
A prescription must be valid . It cannot be an expired prescription . I'm sorry , Miss . It's the law.You will have to find another doctor who will prescribe this for you .
Miss , I just can't help you on this . I'm a pharmacist , not a doctor . And there are other customers I need to help now . I know it is frustrating when this happens.But there is nothing I can do about it . I'm sorry .
Maybe that's true . I don't know.But I'm sure in Taiwan you have prescriptions too .
Yes , Marry ?
I see .
Maybe so . But I'm fast learner and I'm willing to work overtime to learn the business .
I must to ask you to reconsider your decision and give me a chance .
It just isn't on time today .
I think it'll be here pretty soon .
I really do hate public transportation .
That's right .
Oh , that's the worst .
I completely agree with that .
I don't know . Where did you leave it ?
Are you sure ?
Well , you should have kept an eye on it .
Let me get a hamburger .
No cheese .
Can I get a soda , please ?
I'd like a Sprite .
I'd like a bag of Doritos with that .
That'll be all .
Barbara !
Yes , that's right.But I'm having a holiday here .
Yes . I'd like to see one of those ties .
Yes .
OK . I'll take it . Will you gift-wrap this , please ?
We guarantee our product for two years .
Yes . All repairs are billed at cost . We'll only bill you for parts . The on-site service is $ 300 a year after the warranty .
Certainly . We always have the interest of the customers at heart .
I would like to have a pair of trousers made to measure .
Besides , don't make it too loose .
Of course . Let me check it . Firstly , don't be frustrated about all the buttons on it .
After overcoming these buttons , you should check whether there is any paper in the machine , you must make sure this .
And then prepare what you want to receive . If you want to send a photograph , you must copy one .
The next thing you should do is to wait . The sender will give you the fax .
Maybe we should call its after-service man .
I'd like to have this roll of film developed .
Four by six will do .
No , just a super-boy .
Yes , because a real man doesn't need Mom to worry about him so much . He can do things by himself .
Oh , my poor Danny , sure , you are a man . But you know , running like this in street is very dangerous .
Do you remember the rules of road safety ?
Walk the sidewalk and please right-hand side .
Yes , so you still remember , ah .
I have just arrived in Scotland and I'm staying at a Youth Hostel .
He says he's just arrived in Scotland . He says he's staying at a Youth Hostel . You know he's a member of the Y . H . A .
The Y . H . A . , mun . The Youth Hostel's Association .
I'll write a letter soon . I hope you are all well .
He says he'll write a letter soon . He hopes we are all well . Love , Jimmy .
He can't write very much on a card , mum .
Let me see . It depends .
If you are in a hurry , you should take a taxi .
Yes , very . Believe it or not , it will cost you more than one hundred dollars .
Take a bus then . It will only cost you 5 dollars .
Yes , May I help you ?
When did that happen ?
Is anything lost ?
OK , we will send some men as soon as possible .
OK , we will . What's your name and address ?
OK , got it . Please don't worry sir . We will be there soon .
What seems to be the problem ?
Well , let me get that out of your way . Would you like to order something else from the menu ? Or I could bring you another order of chicken if you'd like .
Yes , we do . How would you like it cooked ?
Yes , my name is Bill .
OK , thank you .
I am so happy to know that I could make some contribution to our company .
Thank you , I will be doing my best .
Yes , I'd like to have this parcel delivered to Shanghai .
Thanks ! ... Hello , I have a parcel to deliver .
I want to post it to Shanghai .
Sure , what's the postcode of Shanghai ?
Thanks , here you go . What's the postage , please ?
Ten kg ! Dear Shirley must have put a lead ball in it !
Oh , you are such a good child today . Come here . Sit next to me .
Oh , you read ? Very good . Then , I think we should do something different today . I'll give you some privilege .
Now I see what you read the book for . But it's fine . I'll give you the lion's share .
This is not common noodles . They're “ long-lived ” noodles.it ' s an old Chinese tradition to eat.long - lived noodle on birthday .
Mr Green , please .
What time you suspect back them ?
No , thanks . I'll call back later .
Ok , thank you.Goodbye .
Go along this street to the traffic lights .
That's right , and turn left at the lights .
And then right at the bridge .
Yes . The gas station is on the left . And you can't miss it .
I can't do that , Zina . You know I can't .
Who told you that ?
About 50 miles .
No , but we ’ Ve got a hurry . It will be the rush hour soon .
But it ’ s Friday today . This road is always jam packed during the weekend , isn ’ t it ?
But of course ! How much are you thinking of spending on dinner ?
In that case , I would suggest our own hotel restaurant . The chef , the food , and the service are outstanding .
You can always go to Gramercy Tavern . It's quite popular , despite its expensive entrees .
Yes , sir . You're going to have a great time .
Yes , I'd like to close my account .
Adam Smith .
56 Edison Ave , Apartment 39 , Los Angeles .
Next Friday .
14 May flower Ave , Los Angeles .
I didn't get it yet .
I have no idea where to get it from .
Well then , where do I get it ?
I didn't know that .
I appreciate you telling me .
I'll make sure to get it tomorrow .
Good , let's go for a drive .
Great .
There are 3 secretarial categories here . One is receptionist , one is junior secretary , and the other is senior secretary .
I would like to be able to work independently and take over some ordinary responsibilities such as answering routine correspondences , taking phone calls , and sometimes assisting you with personal business affairs .
Yes , I am . I opened an account with you about a month ago , but today I'm here to see about a loan of some kind .
Yes , that's fine . My credit is good ; I banked at my former bank for many years .
Haha ! Actually , I felt that your array of services is much better than what my old bank had on offer . Plus , I've got plenty of friends who bank with you and they are extremely happy .
I have everything right here . I'll let you go through that and come back . I'd like to have a good read of your materials to make sure I make the right choice .
Just a minute , please.It ' s in my bag.Here it is .
All right.Shall I enter all my belongings ?
Yeah . I have a fancy for some wine tonight . Can you recommend something for me ?
All right . What kind of red wine do you serve ?
The dry red wine looks quite good . I'd like to try this one .
Why ? Do I have to order that ?
That's really nice . I'd like this one . It looks very attractive .
Croissant for appetizer and two beef steaks for dinner .
Medium , please ?
Sure . We'd like to have Black Forest Cake for dessert .
Yes . If people can not communicate with each other easily , they can not understand each other's way of thinking .
Many exporters speak French and German as well .
Even if the language is accurate , a misunderstanding can not be avoided due to cultural differences .
Yes , it not only includes the nation's historical and cultural background , but also contains the nation's view of life way of life and way of thinking .
Let me check ... what's your voucher number ?
Wait a minute , please---Mr . Wong , I'm terribly sorry . Our delivery truck had an accident today . I'm afraid your sofa won't be delivered until tomorrow .
Here is it .
The total amount is $ 185 .
Yes .
Thanks .
Yes . Quite good . Perhaps you're very interested in the social benefits .
Really ? We would like to start you off at 2,000 yuan a month , excluding bonus and overtime pay .
Well , we'll supply you with an apartment of a bedroom and a living room .
Yes , in our company , the women have a two-week vacation a year , besides this , if you are a married woman , maternity leave for some months is permitted .
Yes , you have a paid month holiday every year .
Well , we are only responsible for the retirement pension . About the unemployment compensation , this will be given by the government .
Hello , Lucy .
Yes , I have decided to work with your company .
It ’ s my honor to be one member of your company . I ’ d like to begin to work any time as you like .
No problem . Thank you for calling me .
Well , I want a fillet steak , medium , but my little girl doesn't care for steak . Could she have something else instead ?
Sounds delicious . OK . She'll try that .
I want to buy a car to facilitate my life . But I don't have enough money . Could you supply a loan to me ?
Sure . 7,000 yuan per month .
200,000 yuan . By the way , what about the interest rate ?
Yes , I think so .
All right . Thank you .
Two hours.That area is a little backward .
You're right .
Is this the right counter for gloves ?
Well , let me see some of each .
Six and a quarter , I believe , but you'd better measure my hand to make sure .
Very well , I'll take these two .
Ah , good morning , Mr . Smith . Nice to meet you . I'm Peter Anderson from Personnel . Do sit down .
Now , have you brought your curriculum vitae with you ?
Have you brought your certificates as well ?
Yes , that'll be all right . Well , please tell me about your working experience .
OK , so do you think you can make yourself easily understood in English ?
Yes , I am young , and unmarried . It's no problem for me to travel frequently .
Thank you very much . I'm looking forward to your call .
I want some coffee .
What have you got ?
I think I'll have a latte , please .
Yes . I am capable of speaking English smoothly . I have been learning English for years .
I have no trouble communicating with native English Speaker . I even taught spoken English in a training school .
Well , I just want to enjoy what I ’ m doing it ’ s the most important thing to me .
Yes , because I think being interesting thing is the best teacher . Or have more opportunities to have career growth .
Yes , of course .
In five years , I ’ d like to be a senior manager of this corporation .
By doing whatever is necessary .
They are reports of our company .
No , they are filed according to dates .
No problem , here you are .
I don't see any wrinkles or sagging skin ! You'd better stop being so ridiculous .
I think you need to get a brain surgery . Honestly speaking , you look charming .
You are fine the way you are . Besides , plastic surgery hurts .
Sure it is . So you'd better get rid of this idea .
I know , I ’ m really sorry that I missed the deadline . But really , it wasn ’ t my fault . You see , we had all of these unexpected technical problems at the last minute , and that I couldn ’ t get into the database and extract the kind of information that I needed for the data analysis . You know , if the tech guys would have done their job and kept the ARM stable , then I wouldn ’ t have missed my deadline .
No , I ’ m not trying to pass the buck here ; I know that it was me who is ultimately responsible for getting this done . But the thing is , I could have finished on time if the system hadn ’ t gone down . And you know , with everything I ’ Ve got going on now , I can ’ t afford to waste time dealing with technical problems . I ’ Ve got a lot on my plate and there are only twenty-four hours in a day ...
May I ask if there's anything wrong with it ?
Oh , sorry.But do you want to change it for another one ?
I hope you can help me . I've been told about something called ' Financing Link ' ?
Could you tell me more ?
So , I can choose exactly what services I require ? That's brilliant . Can I use the card if I'm overseas to withdraw my daily expenses ?
This is just what I've been looking for . Sign me up right away , please .
Because I went out .
I didn ’ t have any change .
I don ’ t like all your questions . That ’ s why .
But I like its color .
I'll take one , too .
Give me just a few seconds , sir , and I'll hand you your receipt . Here you are .
I hope you enjoyed your stay , sir .
I apologize again for the cockroaches , sir . I hope you have a nice trip home .
it's Cindy , you know that . Hey , Cindy , say hello to Maria .
she is also very naughty . By the way , do you have a dog , Maria ?
Oh , a cat ? Come on .
but I think they're dull , aren't they ?
well , cats are certainly more independent .
oh , really ? so you just took home a stray cat ?
Poor cat .
I would like to have my clothes washed . What's the rate ?
OK , here are the clothes .
My company wants to become involved in your Comprehensive Credit Granting . We are a very young company and I'm not at all sure if we meet your credit requirements .
That would be wonderful . Thank you so much for all of your help .
What part hurts ?
Well , maybe you broke it . But what I'm worried about is this cut .
C'mon . Just don't move .
We don't have a decent First Aid Kit , do we ?
There's some tape , iodine , and cloth bandages . I don't think the cloth bandages can stop the bleeding . What we need is a tourniquet .
Good plan . Let me put some iodine on the cut .
Alright , alright . How did you cut this so bad ?
We'll have to get you to a hospital . I can ride you on the back of my bike .
Yes , I almost slid too.Alright . This tourniquet is tight . How does it feel ?
Alright , I'm twisting it around . You tell me when to stop .
Yes , I must go to Shanghai to attend a meeting about our plan .
Six days or so .
Harry . He has been assisting me on the plan .
Yes , he is familiar with the plan .
What the magic ward to say if you want something good to happen ?
Ok , here you are .
Amy , you forgot another magic word .
You are very welcome .
To be honest , I haven't really done much research .
Thanks for your advice , after going through all of these materials I've decided not to go with my initial choice .
( No response ; Silence )
( No response )
Yes , speaking . How can I help you ?
The requirements are strong communicational skills , management and work assiduously . And you have to handle the recurring crisis good-humoredly and discreetly .
Yes . We have a reservation .
Jack .
The reservation was for a double , for three nights . Wasn't it ?
Where are you ?
Ok .
You're talking to her .
I was busy doing something . I apologize .
Did you need something ?
Is there somewhere special you wanted to go ?
A movie sounds good .
I will see you tomorrow .
Yes , I noticed that . To what extent would local assembly help sales , did you say ?
Yes , of course . Assembly would be quite a simple matter . Cycle dealers could put them together in a very short time .
Yes , I've noticed that . Where have you been placing them ?
Yes . What were they ? Anything that will help sales ?
That's to keep the price down , I suppose . I'll take it up with our overseas department and listen to what they've got to say about this .
Here you are , officer .
Yes , a camera bag , a travel bag and a suitcase .
No . I have only personal effects .
Ah , Jenny ! You remember me , what a good memory you have .
She's fine , thanks . Actually , she's the reason I'm here . It's our Wedding Anniversary in 2 weeks and I want to get her something special . She's been nagging me about our furniture , you see .
I would like to cash my undue Large-Amount Deposit Certificate , please .
Yes , I know . But it can't be helped . It's been a pretty slow month and I just don't have enough cash to refurnish the whole house .
I have a problem .
I wrote a check for $ 100 and it bounced .
I think so .
Okay . Thank you .
You can ’ t be serious !
I see . Thanks for your help .
I wouldn ’ t miss it for the world ! It ’ s sure to be fun . She ’ s invited a lot of people . Do you think everyone will be able to get into her house ?
Are you taking anything ?
That ’ s a good idea . She told me that she had bought plenty of food and snacks . I think it ’ s going to be a noisy party . I hope her neighbors don ’ t mind too much .
I ’ m really looking forward to it . This party is going to be a blast !
Not yet , Dad . I am watching Ultraman instead.No , no , Dad . Please . This program is on only once a week .
What makes you think that ?
But there are cartoons on TV . Bees , big trees , seas , and a lot of other interesting things .
About 6 .
Dad , it's not fair . I am so disappointed with you !
Nice to meet you . My name is Tyler Smith . Let's go to your office desk , follow me please .
Here is your working place . Nancy will come to show you how to set up the telephones . I'm going to call her now so that you can get started . Is that OK ?
If you have any further questions , just ask me .
You are welcome . Have a nice day .
Good morning.Could you tell me the times of trains to London , please ?
What time does the seven fifty-nine get to London ?
What about coming back ? I'd like to come back about 7 p . m .
Mmm , how much is it ?
Return , please .
Yes , it is .
Ok , thank you . By the way , could you please tell me how I can get there from A community ?
I got it . Thank you so much .
Sweet and sour pro chops , Madam .
In a minute , Madam .
No you don't ! I should treat my new brother-in-law !
OK , OK . On one condition .
You come back here with me tomorrow , and it's my treat !
It was chosen as the most popular magazine of the year .
As far as the language is concerned , it's worth reading .
That's so sweet of you . We definitely want it .
OK . How does seven o'clock this evening sound ?
I'll try a steak sandwich .
Yes , I'd like a chocolate shake .
What kind of bag is it ?
What is your room number and your name , please ?
Well , let me check.We delivered four bags to room 1106 , you friend's room about an hour ago .
You're quite welcome .
Yes , please . 70,000 US dollars is being transferred into our account .
I'm the accountant with Go Thong Computers .
No problem . Can I withdraw all of it now ?
Yes , sir . My name is Ellen . How may I help you ?
Certainly , sir . There ’ s a flight at 8: 35 a . m . and one at 10 .
Whom would you like to talk to ?
What is the phone number ?
Your name , please .
Hold on , please .
The line is through now , please go ahead .
Here it is .
You just missed one .
In an hour .
No , they come every hour on the hour .
You are welcome .
Can ’ t it wait ? I ’ m watching the game right now !
Fine ! What do you need ?
Whoa wait a minute ! Isn ’ t that a bit too much ? I mean , how much is all of this going to cost !
Is that all , your majesty ?
You know Mr . Forster , this is a really large purchase . I am afraid we can't pay off at one time . We have to pay by installment .
Yes , Mr.Forester .
We'll start our payment in half a year and the total amount will be paid off within 2 years by three installments .
All right .
Ok , let's sign it .
Well , I remember walking pass the baker shop .
I'm afraid so . I don't remember you telling me about it .
What would you let me do now ?
Really ? You are so kind .
No . That's not enough . I've got some cereal .
I enjoy listening to all kinds of music .
I like to listen to Rock and R & B .
I like the kinds of instruments that they use .
Thanks , I feel the same way .
Have you got any Chinese paintings ?
I'd like a flower-and-bird painting .
Oh , they look just like live cranes . I like this picture very much . How much is it ?
It's a lot of money . But the picture is excellent , I'll take it .
Robert is not available at the moment .
Around 3:30 .
Hold on there , Fittipaldi , first let ’ s go over things one more time . Now before you even think of starting the car , make sure your seat is at a comfortable position and you can grip the steering wheel firmly . Next check your rear view mirrors to make sure you can see properly .
Fine , start the car . now gently step on the clutch and shift to 1st gear . Good , now accelerate gently and let go of the clutch as you do it . There we go , good !
Keep your eyes on the road ! No music ! We are coming up to a red light , step on the brakes . What are you doing ? I said the brakes ! Look out for those people ! Get off the sidewalk !
It ’ s the police ! Pull over !
well , the costumes and the set are marvellous , but the acting is a bit stiff . What do you think ?
do you know anyone in the play ?
really ? Is that why you wanted to come to the play ?
so you've seen other plays that he's directed ?
sure , I'd love to meet the cast ! Have you ever been in a play ?
what did you do ?
I once helped out with costumes , but I didn't enjoy it very much .
I spent over three weeks sewing sequins on a coat .
Over there in the booth .
For a local call , just insert 35 cents in the slot and use it in the same way as your home phone . Inquiries are free from a public phone .
Yes , could I settle my bill , please ?
Wang Wei , Room 1202 .
The figure seems right .
By credit card , please . And what kind of credit cards do you honor ?
Then I'll put it on my Master Card . Here you are .
Speaking . What can I do for you ?
I am sorry.sir , I will check for you.what ' s your room number ?
Fine.we we'll send it to you right now .
There is a special form to apply for unemployment benefits .
You can go online to begin the application process .
You need to be able to say whom you worked for and when .
You should be able to provide a layoff notice or proof of severance .
You need to be interviewed over the phone . They will set up a time for you .
I have no idea what I'm doing .
Whoa ! We're changing partners now ? Where do I go ?
Whoa ! Oh , no !
Yes . I've had one for as long as I can remember .
I actually like having a curfew . I have an excuse to get to bed on time .
I don't like being too tired the next day .
If you stayed up much later , you would see that just about every-thing closes around ten anyway .
Sure , what kind of shoe are you looking for ? We ’ Ve got strappy sandals , sleek high heels , edgy pumps , or if you ’ re looking for something a little more practical , we ’ Ve got Mary Janes , ballerinas .
Ok , right this way . What color did you have in mind ?
Of course . We ’ Ve got this style here that is very popular . Because it ’ s an open-toe shoe , you can wear it any time of the year . They look great on everyone .
OK , these are a very nice pair of leather shoes with a two-inch heel so they are very comfortable .
What size ?
Here we are . How does it fit ?
Have a nice day , Ma ’ am .
If you'll just give me your name , phone , and date of visit , I can cancel your reservation .
Mr . Randolph . Okay , one second , sir , and there you go . Your reservation is now cancelled .
Not a problem , sir . Please remember us in the future .
She had a very impressive resume , but she seemed to lack the confidence that I think a good manager needs .
Did you notice the way that she avoided making eye contact with us while she talked ?
When she first walked into the room to greet us , she didn't shake our hands or introduce herself at all . I thought that was a bit unprofessional .
It sure would . Did you also notice the way she slouched in her chair during most of the interview ? She had horrible posture !
On top of that , she didn't seem to have any sense of people's personal space.She didn't keep enough distance between us during the meeting .
Don't worry , we ’ ll find someone eventually !
Yes , you get off at the square .
Well , you will get there in about half an hour if the traffic isn't too heavy .
Drop 50 cents in the box , please .
Sure . I will .
How much is a stamp to send a letter to France , please ?
Air mail , please .
Four stamps , please . How much is that ?
There you go .
I would like to make my plea .
I would like to plead not guilty .
I know . But I did not do it .
I didn ’ t commit the crime .
If I tell you who did , will you release me ?
I ’ ll tell you all you need to know .
I like you to come in and discuss some further tests that I would like to run .
For now , I would like to run a few more tests to look into some of the problems that you mentioned .
If there is any question about test results , we always do a recheck .
I would be happy to see you this afternoon . If you are feeling upset , please bring a friend or relative along .
Come on in this afternoon and we will talk . It will be fine !
You can go to ZhongShan Park .
Yes . The scenery there is so breathtaking
Yes , of course . It's really worth visiting .
Yeah , time for more coffee !
By the way , I heard Kitty's just got in a shipment of Jamaican Blue Mountain .
It's only the rarest coffee in the world ! Didn't your momma teach you anything when you were growing up ?
Good morning . Could you tell me the times of trains to London , please ?
What time does the 7 fifty-nine get to London ?
What about coming back ? I'd like to come back about 7 p . m .
Mmm , how much is it ?
Return , please .
An ordinary return , please .
Morning , Michael . I ’ Ve been very busy lately . One of our other vendors is going out of business and I ’ Ve been searching for a suitable replacement .
No , thanks . I ’ Ve been trying to cut down on the caffeine .
Yes . I ’ Ve come to talk with you about ordering the eight megapixel cameras for our new methone . The demand for phone cameras is growing , and Pear has been falling behind in the market .
No , we ’ re changing all the cameras to eight megapixels . We were hoping that by making your company our sole supplier for cameras we could negotiate a better deal .
Sorry . We're out of size L's .
Why don't you try this other T-shirt ? I think it would look nice on you .
Yes , we do .
It's on your right hand side at the end of this hallway .
It is ' www . job . com '
No . I can text the address to you if you are not clear about it
Is dinner served ?
Please give me some chicken .
Thank you , you are so thoughtful . I think I could use some beers right now .
This job is more challenging and I have longed to be a translator . That ’ s why I came here for an interview .
I think one needs common knowledge , specific knowledge , and professional codes to be a successful translator .
I think I am very good at planning . I manage my time well so that I can always get things done on time .
I always give each job my best efforts , so when others are not pulling their weight , I am frustrated .
I got the Scientific Research Prize from the Gansu government for my achievements in the Northwest Regional Economy Development Research Project .
Working under pressure is exciting and challenging . I don ’ t mind . In fact , I am very efficient when certain pressure is exerted on the work .
There was a time when both the clerical assistant and the secretary resigned at the same time . I then had to handle their work temporarily . The workload was incredibly heavy . So I started to set priorities for the jobs and hired part-time staff to handle routine work . Finally , I managed to keep the operation smooth until we found someone to fill the vacancy .
I stick to my principles and keep to the rules . Sometimes , they just lack enthusiasm and I get them involved with something constructive . Some of them change their attitude later .
I'd like to pay this cash into my account please . I usually do it at the machine , but the queue is very long today .
I see . Here's my Bank Book .
Thanks .
Yes , it is very expensive . Maybe we shouldn't have come here .
I think we might not see any .
I thought it was O . K . But it really was too hot.And I think they should show people more . The exhibits should be more interesting .
Yes , but I still think it could be better .
There is no one here by that name .
No , this is 2517759 .
That's all right .
yes , I can still recall the days when we were all seniors at college . I asked you whether you would go back to your hometown or not .
congratulations ! I hope when you hold the wedding ceremony , I ’ m still residing in Beijing .
no , I ’ m planning to quit this job and go back to work in my hometown after the spring festival .
well , I still can ’ t adjust to the fast pace of city life .
that ’ s right . I work extremely hard , and try my best to adapt to the lifestyle here , but I don ’ t feel any sense of belonging here .
yeah , I think so .
Yeah , who ’ s calling ?
Fantastic ! I can ’ t believe it ! That ’ s the biggest account we ’ Ve gotten so far !
We'd better see if he is ok .
He is not answering . You'd better check his pulse and breathing .
Hello ? Yes , someone has passed out at Dongle Ave . and 2nd street . He isn't breathing and doesn't have a pulse . Yes , my friend is performing CPR . Ok , thank you . They are sending an ambulance . Here , let me help .
Thank you , Mr . Jackson .
How do you do ? Those women are very hard-working . What are their jobs ?
How do you do ? They aren ’ t very busy ! What are their jobs ?
Who is this young man ?
I've already forgiven you . Actually , I also owe you an apology . I was so rude to you that day .
Thanks for your understanding .
It's not just spreading out to new markets that we have to address . I think we'd better first pay attention to developing our brand in the markets we already have.We ' Ve reached the awareness level , but we haven't established customer loyalty . People know who we are , but they still don't trust in our brand .
What does it do ?
Wow ! What else does it do ?
Cool ! Anything else ?
Wow !
Man , that's amazing . It must have cost a bundle .
I'd like to buy a keepsake for my girlfriend . Could you make a recommendation for me ?
It's not special . It can be seen everywhere .
It's interesting . Let me see .
Yes , how much is it ?
OK , I'll take it .
Sure , just send me through internal mail .
No problem at all . Welcome .
Good morning . Thank you .
Yes . I have written for several top newspapers in the country . I'm also in the process of writing my first novel .
It owns 10 factories and offers stocks to the public .
I have a proven track record in resolving problems , multitasking , and dealing with customers , as you can sec in my resume . I think it is enough .
It's about 12 hours .
Let me see ... at 6:15 am local time tomorrow .
And that will be 10:15 pm Tokyo time .
I have a problem with this check .
I wrote out a check for $ 100 and it bounced .
I believe so .
All right . Thanks .
That ’ s impossible .
Okay . Thanks . Have a nice day .
Well , first of all , you need to make sure that you eat the right foods .
You should emphasize fresh fruits and vegetables , along with whole grains and protein .
You need to avoid highly fatty and greasy foods . You should also avoid too much sugar and caffeine .
You need to get plenty of exercise every day . If you smoke , you need to stop .
Actually , studies have shown that people who have one-half a glass of alcohol per day do better than those who don ’ t drink .
I'm afraid I can't .
Well , my car won't start . I don't know what's the matter with it .
No , I don't think it could be . I checked the battery two days ago.It must be other problems .
No , there is plenty of gas . I filled it up yesterday .
Yes , that's possible .
First of all , I hope to spend a few years working in some famous companies to command a skill , to set a solid foundation and to build my interpersonal network . When I feel I have accumulated enough experience , I hope to own an undertaking . Of course this is up to the situation then and the opportunities the companies offer me . In the long run , I hope to be an entrepreneur .
Yes . What can I do for you ?
Oh , it ’ s right downstairs . I'm going there myself . Just follow me .
That ’ s right , Ms . Bower . How are you ? I ’ m not sure if I ’ ll be able to fit you in this week , I ’ m afraid .
All right , then . Why don ’ t we say next Tuesday at 11:30 a . m . ?
You ’ re welcome . What ’ s the problem ?
Where exactly is the pipe ?
How long has the pipe been leaking ?
I must tell you that in order to get to the pipe , I must tear down that wall .
That won ’ t be a problem ?
All right , I will start working now .
I'm not feeling well , doctor . I have a sore throat .
Yes , my back aches .
It began the night before last .
Lots of people are ill at the moment .
Did you notice that stop sign you ran through ?
You didn't see it ?
That's true . Those bushes are a problem .
I can understand why you didn't stop for it .
Under the circumstances , I think I'm just going to let you go with a warning .
No problem . Next time , just pay closer attention .
Does it come with a modem ?
How about the monitor ?
That's okay . A 15 - inch is good enough . All right , I'll take it .
O . K . We offer a few different kinds .
That would be our Saver's Plus account .
You have to maintain a balance of $ 10,000 in the account or the rate drops to 3 % .
Just fill out these forms , and I ’ ll be with you in one second .
Good morning , Dr Lee .
Not very well .
I have nausea , and I am dizzy . Also I have a abdominal pain .
Here .
Sharp pain .
No , It is not continuous . It comes and goes .
All right .
No .
Not really .
For about a month .
I am eating pretty good .
No constipation . Everything seems OK .
Sure.Step in .
No.But it's a bit strange today .
I would like to plan a surprise getaway for me and my wife .
I think something in the countryside would be nice .
Sounds good ! What is the hotel that we will be staying at like ?
Wow ! This sounds like something my wife would really enjoy ! Are there any outdoor activities we can take part in ?
I ’ m sold ! I want to book this trip . I don ’ t care what it costs ! Money is no object !
OK .
Leopard . It's famous brand of good quality .
They will be ready in about half an hour . Do you need anything else ?
It's going to be 3 dollars 40 cents .
Hello . Could you give me some details about your Personal Pledge Loans , please ?
So , as long as I have one of those , I can apply for a Personal Pledge Loan ?
Mmmm ... how about the period of repayment ?
And the maximum loan amount ?
OK . I'll have a look at what I've got exactly in certificates and get back to you . Thanks for your help . Bye .
Hello , may I have a double cheeseburger ?
That sounds great .
May I get a large order of curly fries ?
Get me a medium Pepsi .
No , thank you . That's it .
Thanks a lot . Keep the change .
Sure . What do you want to have today ?
How do you like your steak ?
Well , there are several kinds of steaks . For example , you can have your steaks medium-rare , medium-well or well-done .
Yes . Can you show me the menu , please ?
Then , what's special tonight ?
All right . We'll have some seafood and vegetables .
It fits fine . I ’ ll take it . How much is it ?
Do you take credit cards ?
Great . Here's my Visa Credit Card .
Thank you .
It seems like a traffic accident .
Your desire coincides with ours .
Thank you for your information . As you know , our corporation is a state-operated one . We always trade with foreign countries on the basis of equality and mu - dual benefit . Establishing business relations between us will be to our mutual benefit . I have no doubt that it will bring about closer ties between us .
We ’ ll then make an offer as soon as possible . I hope a lot of business will be conducted between us .
Thank you very much for your evaluation . I also like this job very much .
Oh , let me think ... Maybe two months later .
I'm sorry I can't , because I haven't finished my thesis .
When do you usually require the new employee to start ?
I will make an arrangement for it .
I will give you an exact reply as soon as possible .
Thank you very much .
Yes . I locked myself out . May I borrow a duplicate key for Room 201 ?
I'm right outside my room .
I'd like to withdraw some money .
All right . And here's my bankbook . Is that all ?
Oh , yes . Here it is .
Four in hundred , one in ten , please .
By the way , I'd like to change some U . S . dollars to pounds and I want to know today's exchange rate .
I want 100 pounds . And here are 189 U . S . dollars .
Thank you . And goodbye .
They're quite complex machines and they have a lot of different components . We need to check the metal casing regularly for any signs of corrosion . We also check the brushes once a fortnight to make sure they aren't worn down . It's important to make sure everything is properly aligned and we adjust it if necessary . There is a canvas belt at the end of the assembly line . If it gets wet , it might rot so we check that regularly too .
I am calling about the advertisement for a flat with a bedroom . Do you still have it ?
Is there any furniture in it ?
What's the rent for a year ?
Where is it located ?
That's great . But can't you make the rent cheaper , Let's see , 12,000 yuan ?
OK . I will be free tomorrow afternoon . I'll take a taxi to get there . See you .
Listening carefully can show you understand and respect the speaker .
Besides , you can pick up some helpful information from the talk .
To show that you have understood what is said , you can nod or ask simple questions at the right time .
Never should you interrupt on a unfamiliar topic .
Additionally , don't show any impatience to a repeated topic .
In a word , any impolite behavior should be avoided in the listening .
Certainly . What kind of novel did you have in mind ?
Well , let me see ... This Stephen King novel is a real thriller .
That's okay . Well , let me think . How about a mystery novel ?
There are a number of science fiction and fantasy novels I can recommend .
How about a good historical novel ? This one set in medieval France is excellent . The story is exciting and the characterization is very well done .
Don't mention it .
No.Why ?
Oh , really ? I go to the gym every day .
Well , I just spend 15 minutes as so checking my stock bonds and booking an air ticket for my mother . Anyway , I have done all my work and it is about the time to leave .
Certainly , work always comes first .
Well , keep a low profile .
excellent . Come in please . The washing machine is in the bathroom upstairs . It keeps breaking down .
about ten days ago . I ’ Ve tried to use it since then . Sometimes it works and sometimes it doesn ’ t . it ’ s very frustrating .
yes , it ’ s still under warranty . Over the last few weeks , it ’ s also been making a high - pitch noise when it ’ s in use .
what ’ s wrong with it ?
that ’ s great . Thanks very much . Would you like a cup of tea or coffee ?
Hello , yes , can I do Bank-Insurance Link business here ?
Yes . Is that necessary ?
OK . Here's my account details .
Fully agree . I do enjoy the convenience though I am still a beginner in using Excel . The latest office equipment is more type-functional . It combines fax machine , copy machine and printer in one . It saves a lot of place one machine instead of three .
When will we get one of those ?
All right . In my first teaching position I received the ' Excellent Teaching ' award the past two years in succession .
Yes . I was chosen as one of ' the Top Prominent Youths of Beijing '
Yes . I have got two articles in English in The International Young Writer's Collection .
Yes , that is me . Nice to meet you , Monica . Welcome on board !
Well , we have nicer things than that in this company . You will find out soon .
Well , I bet you will love them too . If you need help , just ask me any time . I am in the next door . You can also reach me through the extension 508 .
I ’ m going to check out tomorrow . Then we ’ ll be back in a week ’ s time . Can I leave my luggage here .
About nine thirty in the morning .
Sure .
1218 .
Thank you very much .. Bye .
Don ’ t worry , you did a good job and it should be fine .
That ’ s the way to go .
What do you need to do ?
How are you going to do that ?
What's that ?
It gives you money ?
And it gives you money ?
Oh . What good is that ? I thought it gave you free money .
Yes . Let ’ s say Tuesday at noon . Bring your portfolio with you .
No , that ’ s all . I already have your resume .
Tell me what you're hungry for .
Unfortunately , we're out of filet mignon at the moment . May I suggest the porterhouse instead ?
Perhaps I could interest you in chocolate-covered strawberries with the champagne ?
You'll see this charge on your amenities account .
It won't be long until your food is delivered . I know you'll enjoy it .
The dress is made on your measurement .
OK , maybe you can try this one on . It's yellow .
I'd like to rent a safety deposit box here , please .
No problem . My husband bought me some beautiful jewellery for our anniversary and I don't feel safe keeping it in the house . Initially , on the advice of a friend , I stored it in the freezer .
Yes , right here . So , we can do this today , then ? That will definitely ease my mind .
Not bad . There ’ s a new English teacher .
She is beautiful .
She is quite young and her hair is blond .
Not really . Her eyes are blue .
Not much . She is very tall and slim .
I don't know what to have . If you don't mind , I'll just leave the choice to you .
OK . Anything to drink ?
I'll try the soya-bean milk this time .
That's right .
No , we don't .
Just two people .
We prefer non-smoking section .
How long a wait do you think there ’ ll be ?
Ok , we'll wait a while .
Thank you .
Well , I think I'd like to have a tomato sausage soup first . And the same for him , please .
One goblet of red wine and one bottle of beer please .
What special kind of desserts do you have ?
Well , I think we will order after we finish the main course .
It's clogged and water won't go down .
Well , I guess people who lived here before didn't clean the bathtub .
What should I do now ?
Ur , it stinks !
Amenities ? What do you mean by amenities , sir ?
I see . Sir , if I may ask . Have you used up all the amenities in your room ?
Then what is the problem , sir ?
Souvenirs ?
We do have a souvenir shop on the first floor , sir .
I'll call housekeeping . Someone will be up with more amenities shortly .
The next bus will be here in four minutes .
No , it's the number fifty-eight .
No , it won't .
Never .
That's right.The number forty-four doesn't stop here any more.It ' s stop is round the corner .
Sure , Mum.In a minute .
Yes , Mum .
What are you unhappy with ?
If you agree to pay more money , you could upgrade the carpet .
It could be as little as 2 dollars or as much as 10 dollars more per square yard .
Bring me a paint sample to look at , and I will consider it .
Your new apartment can be recarpeted and repainted by next Tuesday .
Single or return ?
A return ticket is forty-six pounds fifty .
good morning ! I'd like to make a reservation , please . Do you have any rooms available for the next week ?
Double-room , please . It's for an American couple .
I'd like a room with a nice view , please .
Good . I'll take that one . Is there a bar in your hotel ?
Party all night ? Hotel California ? No kidding . Anyway , what's the room charge ?
They turn up around 4p . m . next Monday , and they check out on next Sunday .
Yes . 6710121 3 . Benjamin .
Can you describe it , sir ?
Is this case yours ?
What about this one ? This one's got a label .
What's you name and address ?
That's right . D.N.Hall . 83.Bridge Street . Three pound and fifty pence please .
Thank you .
What ’ s the matter ?
What can I do for you ?
Yes , that ’ s right . I do speak decent Japanese .
Exactly what kind of help did you have in mind ?
So if I can help you as a consultant , what is in for me ?
Yes , I ’ d like to book a single room with a bath from the afternoon of October 4th to the morning of October 10th .
Yes , it is Smith .
I thought it would be a good idea to get a check-up .
I know . I figure as long as there ’ s nothing wrong , why go see the doctor ?
O . K .
Yes .
I ’ Ve tried a hundred times , but I just can ’ t seem to kick the habit .
O . K . , thanks , doctor .
What is it ?
What do you mean ? What happened ?
How is this possible ? You are supposed to be talking to our stockbrokers and making sure that our securities and investments are safe and making a profitable return !
Do what you have to do ! One other thing , don ’ t tell the rest of the stockholders about this . If they find out , it ’ s the end of this company !
I have many hobbies . I like almost all kind of sports , and I also like to listen to classical musics .
Football . It's a very exciting game , because it keeps you alert , and I also enjoying the team spirit of football .
Yes . I enjoying reading biographs , especially those of well-known statesmen , militarists and artists , I can learn a lot from their life histories .
I like the novels of Inches very much , I have reading almost all of them in Chinese translation , I wish i can reading them in the original .
We'll notify you next Thursday at the latest . Shall I telephone you ?
All right . Thank you for coming today .
What's the problem ?
I apologize , but the cable has been down lately .
Give it a couple days , and it should be back on .
Since it's not working , I'm going to give you a credit .
You won't pay anything until your cable starts working again .
No problem . Thank you for being so understanding .
No , thank you . I don't like soup . I'd rather have some fruit juice to start with .
Meat , I think .
I do , but I want meat .
Yes , but I prefer red wine with meat .
I just want to have a coffee , I think .
No , I haven't .
Did you really ?
Well , congratulations .
I'm so happy for you .
Yes . You really deserved this .
Yes . Good for you .
Sure . If you want to stretch your legs , a good exercise is to lift your knee in front of your body , like this . It ’ s a very simple exercise , but very effective .
One good way is to do push-ups . Another way is to use weights . Make sure you grip the weights firmly . You don ’ t want to drop them on your feet !
You don ’ t need to bend your elbows that much . Bend them so that your arms are at a 90 degree angle . The most important thing is to remember to keep your body straight . Many people bend the
One that I recommend is that you lie on your back . You should have a weight in each hand and stretch your arms out side of your body .
Yes , you do . Lift the weight up , keeping your arms straight all the time .
Why ? It looks like a sunny day .
What do you mean ?
But look , it's so sunny out .
Yes , very . I thought the last speaker was especially good .
How do you do ? I'm Bob Evans .
Here is the copy . Do you need anything else ?
Do you mean all the sales letters from them ?
I ’ ll get them for you at once . And could I file the report for you ?
No problem .
It is difficult .
Do I have to memorize it ?
I wanted to check rates and availability for your San Francisco location .
The waterfront location .
I'd like to check in on October 12th and check out the 15th .
One . And , if possible , I'm looking for a non-smoking room .
I'd like to book the standard room .
Rama .
Jeff .
A Visa .
It's 7388-2424- 3535-1818 and the expiration is 05/08 .
No , that's all . Thanks .
Ryan says he wants to stay . I think he's in love with some girl who designs fruit platters ...
Yeah , especially since Jack didn't take care of the plane reservations .
Not until the 31st . So can you change the church reservations ?
Then where will we have the ceremony ? At home ?
I'm sorry , Mom .
Merry Christmas , Mom . I love you .
I know . Goodnight .
Ready for what ?
What are you talking about ?
Oh . Of course I'm ready .
No , I don't need a converter because I bought a digital TV .
It was only about $ 120 for a 13 - inch screen .
Oh , yes . I get six Korean channels but nothing in English !
Oh , Kate ! I ’ m sorry . It completely slipped my mind !
Definitely . I ’ m really sorry !
Yes . I have ACRE ( National Computer Rank Examination ) certificate , Rank II .
I failed in my computer course once and I made up my mind to learn it well . Then I made painstaking preparation for 3 months and I finally got it .
Working for your company , as the top administrative assistant in your firm !
Well , I haven't thought much about this . I think it's too early to tell . What is most important for me now is to do the best possible job for the company and learn and develop my skills as much as possible .
At the supermarket down the street . Help yourself .
Is there any particular size that you want ?
What do you think of this one ? It's a 16 " pan .
Well , look at our aluminum pan . It's much lighter .
No problem . Look at this one . Same pan , but with a lightweight wooden handle .
I think you'll love this pan . Do you want to pay with cash ?
I'm sorry . I forgot to show it to you . Here it is . It comes with the pan .
Yes , please .
Beef , please .
I like lamb , but my husband doesn't .
Give me that piece please , and a pond of meet , too .
No , thank you.My husband likes steak , but he doesn't like chicken .
Sure.It ' s just right .
No ! It's a perfect fit !
Well , I am looking for some winter clothes for my fiancee .
Really ? What's that ?
I think my fiancee may favor the sweater in the shop window . Would you like to help me look for any skirts that go with this sweater ?
I especially like this flowery skirts . My fiancee will look very elegant in this .
I don't think the green one fits her complexion . Do you have any skirts in light color or tan ?
Oh , yes . I'll take this one . Can I pay by traveler ’ s check ?
Just kids like that .
Hurry up ! Hurry up ! What lovely caterpillars are over there !
What's that ?
That's splendid . Can you take three pictures of me with them ?
Cut it out . Look at my smile , and it seems like the flowers in the spring . Right ?
Hurry up ! The smile is frozen on my face .
Hello . Mr . Higgins , please .
Oh yes , this is Penny's Pet Boutique . Please remind him that his appointment for his dog's shampoo and cut is on Saturday morning at 11 am .
That's fine .
I'd like to open a new account .
yes . And I've brought some documents along with me , too . Do you need to see my passport ?
yes . Does the checking account come with a debit card ?
that's very convenient .
yes . What's the maximum amount that you are allowed to have in an overdraft ?
is there a penalty for having an overdraft ?
that's true . Is everything alright with my documents ?
thank you very much .
Certainly . There are several kinds of music . What do you like to listen to ?
OK , here it is . Can you hear it ?
The last one clockwise .
I'd like to buy a shirt .
I prefer the blue one .
I'm not sure . Could you measure me , please ?
Can I try it on ?
Yes , I've found a wonderful property I wish to buy . Unfortunately , I just don't have access to the cash .
It's 600,000 RIB . But I've already put down 200,000 RIB , which is my absolute limit , so I'm looking for a loan of 400,000 RIB .
I already have an account with you , so it should be pretty straight forward .
I want to know about fees .
Overdraft fees .
How much is the fee ?
That ’ s a small fee ?
You would think it would , but it most likely won ’ t .
That ’ s it for today . Thank you .
It's for you .
How do you do ?
Sure . I suggest you take a bus there . It's a bit too long for you to walk there .
Tour 2 .
It opens at 9:00 from April to October .
Yes . When is the next train to New York City ?
Aren't there any trains before 10:30 ?
Then one to New York at 10:30 .
One way .
How much is a soft ?
Then one hard seat , please .
Under which category do you intend to apply ?
So that's the Family Reunification .
OK . When should we be there ?
All right , if there's no hold-ups .
Looks not bad .
Yes , It's pleasantly quiet here .
Where can we have our laundry done ?
Does the hotel run its own laundry service ?
I see . Is the telephone on the table good for outside calls ?
Can I get a city map at the hotel ?
Hi , could you help me ? I need to make a dinner reservation .
Tuesday night is when we need the reservation for .
7
We need a reservation for four .
My last name is Foster . Thank you for the reservation .
We will be there ! Thanks for the help !
OK , sir .
190 yuan .
Thank you . Welcome to call again . Goodbye .
Please , call me Ted .
That ’ s no problem .
Well , what kind of salary do you provide ?
I see .
Sounds fine .
I've got a headache .
No , thank you . I'll take an aspirin and see how it goes .
Yes .
Nothing . The landlord pays .
Yes . Each apartment has one .
Yes . But you need to pay $ 60 for it each month .
Yes . We set up the new alarm system a few months ago .
Of course we do . It is the landlord ’ s responsibility .
Yes .
I'm sorry , sir , we don't have one . However , in our gym , we do have swim stations .
Think of a deep bathtub that you can swim in , but against a current .
Sir , guests pay nothing to use the stations .
The gym is open 24/7 , but the stations are open from 7 a . m . to 10 p . m . only .
I think you'll like the experience , sir . It's a great workout .
Yes , speaking . What can I do for you ?
Pardon ? Your way of articulating is too slow . Would you speak a little faster ?
I have been yearning for a job as a stewardess in an airline like yours .
Yes . I once worked in a small stock exchange . My work is very simple .
No , I thought it too dull . Also I didn't think it was challenging enough .
The stock exchange where I worked was too small My further promotion was impossible . I am able of more responsibilities , so I decided to leave .
I think we'll send you a letter next week , if you are wanted , or we may give you a call . By the way , have you got a telephone ?
What's the best time to call you , then ?
Thank you for coming , Miss Yang .
Yes . I'd like to choose a sweater for my son .
Not yet . Can you give me some suggestions ?
Thirteen .
About 158cm . He likes to wear loose-fitting sweaters .
I don't think he'll like it . He prefers simple styles .
The style is all right , but I'm not sure about the color . Let me think for a while .
Left for the fork and right for the knife . Just remember that the stronger one is for knife .
Sure . Rather than eating , having western food is more about western culture .
Cindy has reserved a table for us at a newly opened western restaurant downtown . She said the environment there was really pleasant .
You should put on the black suit I bought for you last week . But I'm afraid it may be a bit crumpled . You'd better iron it now .
There is no need to do that . I think the restaurant accepts credit cards . But it's necessary to make a budget .
It seems that it's all about me . Then what do you do ?
OK then . Well , 50 Yuan for appetizer , 200 Yuan for dinner and 200 Yuan for wine . Anything else ?
OK , then 50 Yuan for dessert . 500 Yuan all together .
OK , I will fetch the remote control .
Yes . Here you are .
We can pig out on potato chips and cookies . They are very cheap .
Really ? Where did you hear that ?
I'm not sure ... well , first , it couldn't be George . He is such a kiss-ass . He'd wash the boss's dog if he asked .
That's true . What about Lisa ? I bet there's nobody who could do a worse job than her .
Well , okay . Then there is still Michael . But he's the boss ' pet after having the best sales record for three months in a row . It definitely won't be Michael .
Well , it could be me too . But I am not too worried . This place is suffocating me with this boss being such a hard-ass and colleagues who barely know how to get dressed in the morning . It would almost be a blessing to be fired from this place .
You should try to put your best foot forward , and be careful of your personal appearance . At least you should get yourself dressed up . Appearance isnt everything , but it's the first thing an interviewer notices about you .
Don ’ t boast and don ’ t be modest .
Appear confident and show the interviewers that you ’ re competent . Don ’ t exaggerate things or you'll give the impression that you ’ re talking big .
Try to be natural , alert and interested .
My pleasure . Good luck to you .
What ’ s wrong ? I thought everything was set .
Maybe we could work out an overtime schedule . It ’ s definitely worth it to finish by the twentieth .
Quite well . I made good records in college . I won the scholarship in every semester .
Yes , I had taken finance courses in a training school . Compound talents are needed in the society and I must study continually to keep abreast with the times .
$ 1 . You can get your photos instantly .
No problem . Say ' cheese ' . That's good . Please wait a moment .
Can I sign up for some classes today ?
I would like to take a driver's course .
Why do I need an appointment ?
Can I do that right now ?
How about 9 o'clock tomorrow morning ?
Thanks for all your help .
It's a special green tea named Longing Tea from Zhejiang province .
You can see that it keeps the original color of the tea leaves very well .
Probably . I love green tea . It's one of my daily necessities .
Not really . But I really love to have after-meal tea .
There are a lot of them . In hot or warm days , tea helps to dispel the heat and brings on an instant cool with a feeling of relaxation . Moreover , the tea leaves contain a number of chemicals which are good for people's health .
No . Constant drinking of over-strong tea would do harm to people's health . So don't make your tea too strong .
It's fine for most time of the day . But don't have tea before bedtime .
It will give rise to occasional insomnia . OK , let's enjoy the tea before it gets cold .
Yes , here you go .
Yes , I ’ d like to check three pieces .
What ? Why ! I am taking an intercontinental flight ! I ’ m flying sixteen thousand CMS ! How am I supposed to only take two , twenty kilo bags ? That ’ absurd !
Now I see . You charge next to nothing for an international ticket , but when it comes to charging for any other small thing , you charge an arm and a leg ! So tell me , miss , how much will I have to pay for all of this .
That ’ s more than my round-trip ticket !
Yes , they are our main export bases of tools with the advantage of having good production experience and long historical record . All their products enjoy high prestige in the world market .
Ok , I'll show you how the packing is like . We have a showroom on the ground floor . Let's go downstairs and have a look .
These are the various kinds of packing for pliers . Normally , we have three types of packing
The skin packing is the most advanced packing for this product in the world market . It catches the eyes and can help push sales .
Well , they are packed in boxes of two dozens each , 100 boxes to a wooden case .
You can rest assured of that . So far , no customers have complained about our outer packing .
Yes , we can pack the goods according to your instructions .
All right . We'll make the shipment as soon as your L / C is on hand .
Sure . What is it ?
Sure . Will you be long ?
Go ahead . It will be safe with me .
I don't think I'm going to get one .
It's just a waste of cash , man !
Oh , really ?
Really ?
That sounds like a good deal .
I will .
I sure did .
I was in the bank at the time .
I saw the guy come in with a gun .
He was wearing a mask .
He came in alone .
That'll be fine .
Oh , Henry , I haven't seen you for ages . Come in . Let me take your coat . How are you getting along ?
Please take a seat . Everything would be ready in a minute .
Here you are . Here you go . We have cocktail and salad , fried chicken , French fries and icecream for dessert . Eating chicken while it's hot . it tastes better .
Here you are . Taste the French fries .
Would you like some more ?
Here is to our friendship and health !
What would make this apartment better for you ?
You can have a different carpet , but you have to pay more if it costs more .
It could vary quite a bit , between 2 and 10 dollars per square yard .
I have to see a sample . Bring me one this week , please .
Both the new paint and new carpet will be finished by next week .
Yes , I'm sure you do . It sounds like an excellent service .
It seems perfect .
Could you also let me view some of the testimonials ? I'd really be interested to see what other group companies thought of this service .
Yes . I just checked in , but I need to change my room .
I reserved a non-smoking room , but the smell of smoke in this room is so strong that I can ’ t endure it .
That ’ s ok . Thanks .
Sony or some other brands ?
No , it's free .
Hello , this is David .
Yes . What can I do for you ?
What ? I can barely hear you because your veiled voice ?
How does she cook the shrimp ?
I don't like that . I like fried food , fried potatoes , fried chicken , fried sausage ... I can't see why fried food is not healthy .
It's all right ! I often fry sausages when my mom is not at home .
Come to my house this Sunday . My mom will not be at home then . We can cook some wonderful fried food by ourselves !
Can you believe this ? I locked my keys in the car , and I have to go to the airport to pick up my aunt .
I don't know ... Hey , do you think I could borrow your car for a few hours ?
Well , could you drive me home ? I have spare keys there .
Oh , and Andy ? Do you have a quarter for the phone ? My wallet's in the car .
No , that's it . Thanks . I really appreciate it .
Which kind would you like ? We have five different varieties of facials .
Well , since it's summer , and I had looked that you had quite a bit sun , I'll recommend our summer special , it's specially suited for individuals with sensitive skin .
The facial will start with thorough cleansing .
Yes , the reviving mask will promote blood circulation and tighten your skin . You can also choose to get hand or back massage as well .
Yes , we also apply a special day cream that protect the skin from the sun and the night cream that moisturize to the skin .
I was worried where you were .
Yes , you should have .
Don ’ t touch that thermostat ! You don ’ t pay the bills around here !
Put on a sweater ! I ’ m not gonna let you run up my heating bill just because it ’ s a bit chilly .
When I was your age , my parents didn ’ t have central heating like you do ! We had a furnace in the center of the living room and that was it . We used it to cook , heat the house and even dry our clothes ! We never caught a cold . You should be grateful !
Air mail or surface mail ?
Please put it on the Scale there . Seventy five cents .
Oh , then it'll be one dollar twenty five cents . Thank you .
My home phone , the landline . I don't have a mobile phone , far too complicated for an old lady like me ! Do you need my Bank Book ?
Let's get started . First , select the service you require . That's household bill payment for you . Then we select the type of bill , so that's landline ... here you go . Your bill for this month comes to 87.42 RIB . The money will come out of your account and go straight to the phone company .
What's the hardware ?
That's seems obvious enough . Then what about the software ?
I see , actually the hardware is the easy part , I do want to study how to use the software .
Ever since I saw computer can do your project , I wanted to have a computer .
What do you need ?
Right now the cable isn't working .
The cable should be running again in a couple of days .
We'll just give you a credit for the inconvenience .
It'll be free until it comes back on .
Thank you for all your patience .
Well , it is hard to say . At least you need to come up with a good reason .
Yes , you should be there . Go find the manager and ask . I think the manager will understand and approve you a day off . Don ’ t forget to fill in the leave application form . It will be signed by the manager for approval .
Hello . Is Steve there ?
What time will he be back ?
This afternoon ?
This is his friend , Greg .
Thanks .
Certainly sir , this is our train schedule . We have an express train departing every morning and an overnight train that departs at nine pm .
About twelve hours . We currently have tickets available only for first class on the express train . If you ’ d like , you can choose a sleeper on the overnight train which is a bit less expensive .
Yes , of course . There is a dining car towards the front of the train where they serve meals at all times . We do provide complimentary water and coffee for all of our passengers .
Here you are sir . Your train leaves from platform number nine at nine on the dot . Remember to be here at least thirty minutes before your scheduled departure time or else you might miss your train !
Have a great trip .
Yes , ma ’ am . How may I help you ?
Yes , we do deliveries for orders over $ 15 , ma ’ am .
It has fifty parking spaces .
Why ?
Quite the contrary , sir . Plenty of the spaces here are free when people drive their cars out to work .
We plan to rent some of them out at the hourly rates .
I am not sure . But it'll be at least ten yuan an hour .
That would be twenty yuan , sir . We charge only by the number of hours , no split of each hour .
Get in slowly , sweetie . You'll get used to it . I'm gonna go and make you some chicken soup .
I know you don't have an appetite , but you need to eat something . You'll get too weak if you don't eat .
That's a good sign . But just soak a little longer , OK ?
Really ? You're joking .
I'd like that . Alright , put on this apron first .
Hmm , let me see ... Boil some water .
Not bad . Okay , now take some meat and potatoes from the fridge .
Three . And bring four bell peppers .
Now wash them , then dice the potatoes and bell peppers .
Sword , say it ' sword ' .
Look it up in the dictionary .
No , honey , go and read it . You'll learn .
Oh , hi again ! Hey , the fruit looks different this time .
It looks really artistic ! How did you learn to do that ?
You know , art is something I've always been interested in ...
Oh no ! Evaluations ! You can tell that's not my favorite job ; I haven't even started yet . When is the deadline for turning in thecompleted forms ?
I never know how to rate the employees ' work . Of course attendance and productivity are easy , I just look at the sales figures .
Exactly ! Attitude ... how do you rate attitude ?
Great idea . And after all , that's the whole point of an evaluation . I almost can't wait to give it a try .
Hi , Jimmy , good morning .
I see .
Maybe that is true . But I am a fast learner and I am willing to work overtime , and I do not mind a lot of business travel .
Can't you give me another chance and reconsider your decision ?
Possibly you are now . But in case you will change your mind , please let me know .
Yes , would you please call me a taxi first ?
Credit card please . Here you are .
I've had good responses from the Beijing Times , help-wanted ads .
OK . Monday is the big day for job ads .
Let's post on the Internet , too . Will get a better response . I'll post the ads . I know some good sites .
Would you please tell me what places are worth visiting ?
What's wrong with it ?
Let me see . Did you change anything on your computer ?
What kind of anti-virus software do you use ?
Are you riding ? You have to install an anti-virus software on your computer . If not , you will be attacked by viruses , and it can lead your computer into failure .
I can't believe it 。
I have no idea . Maybe I want to take a boat down the river .
Won't it be dangerous ?
That's better .
Oh , no.You should take the No . 14 tram .
Two blocks down the street .
Yes , what seems to be the problem ?
I am afraid not . Have you lost your passport ?
Where exactly did you use your passport in the store ?
Well , let me call the shoe department to see if they ’ Ve found a passport . Sorry , your passport hasn't turned up there either .
You can fill in this lost property report and I will keep my eye out for it . These kinds of things usually turn up eventually , but I suggest you contact your embassy and tell them about your situation , so they can issue you a new passport in case it doesn't show up .
Here you are .
Sure . It is helpful to shorten the distance between you and the interviewer and create a lively atmosphere .
But you should pay special attention to your words and attitudes .
In the interview , use polite words , such as ' Thank you ' , or ' Please ' .
When talking you should focus your eyes on the interviewer in order to closely watch his or her expressions .
Whatever the result is , you should keep your good demeanor .
In short , you should present the best of yourself throughout the interview .
I think he hasn't made any new friends yet . He's just a little lonely .
Without a doubt . Maybe if he knew he doesn't have to give up any of his old friends to make new ones , it will be easier for him .
Well , we can help him keep in touch with his old friends .
Yeah . There's a lot we can do to help him through this transition .
It looks like it was made just for you .
How would you like to pay for it ?
Now , if you'll just sign here .
So long . Have a nice weekend .
Yes , I'm Jame , your neighbor when you lived in here last year .
Me too .
Turn left at the second light and then go straight for two blocks .
No . It's only a five-minute walk . You can't miss it .
You're welcome .
good morning , Nathaniel . This is Leah calling from the International Student Office .
the reason I'm calling is because Ms . Collins will not be able to call you back until next week .
she's terribly sorry about that . She had to leave the office suddenly and won't be able to return until next week . She hopes you understand .
she asked me to call you to book an appointment with someone else today . When are you free today ?
Mr . Liu is available at 2:15 today . Will that work for you ?
I'm afraid she isn't available this afternoon . She has an opening at 11:30 this morning . Will that work for you ?
ok , we'll be expecting you at 11:30 . See you then .
Hello . Yes , I'm here to redeem a Treasury Note . It's not at the maturity date yet , but it is an emergency .
There you are . As you can see , the maturity isn't up yet .
Oh , really ? No , I wasn't aware of that .
I've got a terrible pain in my stomach , Doctor .
It started yesterday . I didn't eat any supper .
I think so . I feel very hot .
I've got an awful headache , too , and my throat hurts .
Is it serious ?
How often must I take it ?
Thank you , Doctor .
How much would you like ?
A higher discount will be given for a big order , so we are willing to give you a 5 % discount this time .
Of course I know . But there is too high a rate . Frankly speaking , the maximum discount we can make is 6 % .
Well , I think you are very good at doing the dishes , so maybe you should do them for another week .
OK , I'll do them .
Let me get my morning coffee to get my brain working again .
As long as the foam on my macchiato's not burnt , too , I'll be alright for a while . You got your espresso , Jess ?
Yes . You will save 90 cents on each bag .
No , no limit . You can take as many as you want .
You ’ re welcome .
I'm sorry to hear that . Please tell me the exact problem .
There has been an occasional silverfish in the hotel , sir .
Sir , this hotel just passed a thorough insect inspection with flying colors .
I apologize , sir . Just a second , while I transfer you to my supervisor .
Certainly sir .
Actually there ’ s one on the same street as this hotel .
Not at all . Turn left out of the hotel and it's about a five minute walk .
Yes . Do you have a savings account in our bank ?
How long do you want to keep it in our bank ?
You have to fill in this form with your name , address , ID card number , deposit term and the amount you want to deposit .
Don't worry . You can draw your money at any time . But you'll not receive the time deposit return of interest . What we can offer is a current one .
In that case , we'll just regard your account as a regular savings account from then on .
Thank you . How much is it ?
Here ’ s 30 yuan .
The post office ? Sorry , I'm not sure .
This is he . What can I do for you ?
It's still available . Do you want to see it ?
Does today at 6 p . m . sound okay to you ?
Okay , I'll see you at 6 o'clock . Do you need any directions ?
I'll have an application form with me . You can fill it out if you're interested .
No . I only need to check your driver's license .
I haven ’ t been able to get a good night ’ s sleep lately . I ’ m exhausted !
I try to go to sleep , but I just can ’ t stay asleep .
I go to bed when I finish my work .
I am worried about how I am going to pay my tuition .
Doing something relaxing before I go to sleep sounds like a plan .
I was supposed to do that ? I thought Sharon was responsible for that .
I ’ m really sorry , Mr . Samuel . I really don ’ t remember that .
We submitted two designs to our buyers , this one and one with the mug indented to form a grip . They chose this one .
No , this type cleans better , no crevices between the body and handle joint .
We can make shipment within one month from receipt of order .
We do a fair amount in tiles and in insulators for electrical appliances . But kitchenware and tableware are our mainlines .
Hi , Mary .
Yes . I ’ Ve got a meeting in a minute .
Right . I ’ ll see you later .
I have eight years of experience working in the IT industry . For the past two years , I have been working as a project manager for a dotcom . I am also MI certified . I'm looking for a team environment where I can join the excitement of building a company .
I have worked on a variety of projects and jobs in the high tech industry . I wanted to have the experience of working for a dotcom and have learned something about being in on the ground floor of a business .
I've been searching for a while now to find a company that had a business model and corporate philosophy like yours . I am interested in working for a company that provides products and services to the K - 12 education market . My background is in this field , and my strength is in building relationships and solving problems . I am excited and interested in the idea of developing business relationships through e-commerce .
To have a combination of technical and business knowledge and to be very results-oriented . My past record shows that I have those qualities and more . Because of my business acumen and technical know-how , the teams I have managed accomplished outstanding results , including booking more than $ 50 million in online revenue .
When I have a specific project to complete , I like to know the specifics of a project from beginning to end . I like definite deadlines and I like to meet those deadlines . I expect some deviation from the original plan , but I try to stay focused and not let myself drift too far . I have great attention to detail and like to take my time and do it right the first time .
I've set some goals for myself and my career , and unfortunately I'm at a standstill in my current situation . I have begun to explore options available before I spend too much time in a job where I can't advance . My goal is to continue to take on new responsibilities and be a key contributor to the success of an online venture .
I really need more information about the job before we start to discuss salary . I'd like to postpone that discussion until later .
Yes , I do . Who are your financial backers ? Who are the key competitors ? Does the company have a plan for the IPO ? What would you say is the best thing about your product or service ?
I have made a reservation for this Sunday . My name is Bobby
I am calling to cancel it now . I can't go to your city this week .
Thank you .
Take me to the airport , please .
I have to be there before 1700 .
There's an extra ten in it for you if you can get me there on time .
Here's twenty dollars .
No.If you can't break it , keep the change.But can you give me a receipt ?
I'm going to Beijing tomorrow . I'm packing my luggage .
I will take some clothes to change and cleaning items .
Yes . I've already put it in my suitcase .
I almost forget it . Thank you !
No , sir . Where to ?
OK . Please step in . I know where it is .
Not back home for dinner again ? That ’ s the third time this week !
You don ’ t have to explain . Suit yourself .
We ’ ll see .
It's a blackout . Now I can't see Seinfeld .
Really ? How could you do that ? Don't you save every couple minutes ?
I've had that problem too many times . So I learned to save.When I'm writing something , I save every three sentences or so . I don't want to lose anything .
What are we going to do now ?
I wonder how much of the city is down .
Maybe . But if there's a blackout , probably the pubs are closed.And besides , I know you have a political science exam tomorrow . I thought you had a lot of reading to do .
I have a flashlight in my closet . If you want to use that to read , you can .
I like your idea of getting a beer . I think I'll go out myself .
No , it just won't work.If I read for your exam , you won't know the answers tomorrow . I will .
How many students are in the class ?
So it won't work , old buddy . They'll see that I'm not you . Sorry .
You've got a large collection of sample foodstuffs here .
I'm particularly interested in shortbreads . Do you have some samples you could show me ?
The small sizes are more marketable than the large ones for us . I wonder if Your pastry tastes better .
Oh , it's delicious ...
A tow truck was towing my car and put all those dents in my car .
They're saying it was already there .
I have to go to court . A cop was there so he can prove that the damage wasn't there .
I got an estimate and it's four thousand dollars .
We'll see what happens after court .
Of course , what do you need ?
Is there something else you need that you can think of ?
Do you want me to make any other stops while I'm out ?
Is it ready to be picked up ?
No problem . I'll do that for you .
It's no problem at all .
Zina . Look , I know when I hired you , I told you I'd pay you a salary . But I just can't .
I know it's awkward , but you're going to be thanking me later . I'm going to make you rich .
I use it almost every day , but I usually only use it to check my email . I don ’ t often surf the net . You use the internet a lot , don ’ t you ?
So , you ’ re online eight hours a day .
How useful do you think the internet is as a source of information ?
How do you solve the website problems when you ’ re buying something online ?
My favorite movie is Superbad .
It's the funniest movie that I've ever seen .
You've seen it before ?
Didn't you laugh through the whole movie ? I did .
Mine too .
Sure , let's go .
Yes , I am . Could I have the bill , please ?
Do you accept check ?
Well , I'd like to pay by cash .
Thanks .
That's a good idea . Do you know how to write an introductory letter ?
I just know a little . First you need to include your basic information , such as your name , age , gender and major , etc .
I think the most important is that you need to show the employer that you are qualified for that job .
Yes , thus the employer can know you very well , and then decide whether you are the right person .
I wish you good luck !
I understand .
Some days are just like that .
No , I was thinking of putting a frozen pizza in the oven or something . How about you ?
I'm absolutely useless at cooking !
I know they aren't good for you , but they are cheap , convenient , and fairly tasty .
Yeah , why not . Do you have all the ingredients ?
What do we do first ?
Ok . Should I heat the wok ?
What about the chicken ?
How about the rice ?
White rice , please . None of that healthy brown stuff for me !
All right , sir.When are we supposed to be there ?
I don't think we can make it .
By the middle of October .
Well , considering our long standing good business relationship , we'll try hard to negotiate with our manufacturers for an earlier delivery .
Let me see . Now the workers will have to work on three shifts for it . Well , we can manage it on 20th September . That's the best we can do .
I consider the hero's acting is inferior to that of the heroine's . don't you agree ?
Hello . I've been told to come in and see someone about my L / C . I just had a message to come in and see someone called Kristy .
I received a letter asking me to come in and see you . I'm Mr Simons from Dalton's Electrics .
Oh dear ! Where should I go from here ?
I feel like a cup of black tea .
Yes , I'd like a portion of that strawberry tart .
I take it you've done this before ?
Good .
Yes . I'd like to check in , please .
Sure . Here they are .
What's the weight limit ?
I hope my baggage aren't overweight .
May I carry this satchel ?
OK .
Which gate ?
Thank you .
I'm afraid not . Why don't you call the Help Desk ? Someone there will be able to help you .
What kind would you like ?
You can get DEL or dial-up .
I would recommend DEL .
It's better because it doesn't tie up the phone .
DEL isn't connected through your phone line , but dial-up is .
That's correct . With DEL you can do both .
I started a new job last month and I'm expecting my first salary .
So I was told , yes . They gave me this book ?
I'd be happy to help you . Name it .
Sure , no problem . Do you want me to edit it for you ?
Oh , its nothing .
Yes , I was . I was almost an hour late .
I said I was terribly sorry . But he said it was quite all right .
No , he didn't scold me because he was late , too .
Is Petti there ?
Wrong number ? Are you sure ? I called yesterday and she was there .
That's impossible . I remember the number clearly . Isn't this 763-4565 ?
Really ? I ' m so sorry I bothered you . I ' ll try again .
Yeah . I guess it does . Sorry again for bothering you .
Let me see , Mr . Lee.right ? How would like to pay your bill ?
Yes .
Well in total we have around 150 employees based in Hong Kong with another 400 in our head office in Beijing . The news desk staff in Hong Kong comprises around 80 staff .
Well , as you know Rebecca , in journalism work hours are not exactly nine to five . You could be on call at any time . We do have to work very unsociable hours at times .
Good , as long as you understand that .
Yesterday ! But no , we are hoping to start from the beginning of next month .
Hi , I have a checking account with you .
I need to see if check number 212 has cleared yet .
When can I go to see him ?
OK .
Well , there are two Hilton Hotels around here . Which one is your destination ?
Then , it would be a little bit harder to find out your way . Do you remember the name of the street , or one or two landmarks ?
Good , any other clues ?
Oh , is there a bank near there , Standard Charted possibly ?
That's the second branch hotel of Hilton . Walk straight down and you will see the bookstore you just mentioned . Turn left , I believe , you will get it .
No , thanks . I'm just looking .
Sure , I'll let you know if I need anything . Hm , this mattress is very firm . Jack will probably like it .
Yes , this mattress is very good . It's pretty firm . The mattress I ’ m now sleeping on is saggy .
Does it come with a frame ?
That's an attractive plan . I'll think about it .
I feel so good . That warm hot pot certainly hits the spot on winter nights .
Oooo ... gross ... you're sweating all over the place .
You're going to have a little Montezuma's revenge tomorrow morning .
There ’ s branch on new street . Walk up this street until you get to the first set of traffic lights . Then turn right at the traffic lights .
Now far . About 150 meters perhaps .
Then keep walking until you reach the war memorial . It ’ s a big statue of a soldier . You can ’ t miss it .
You ’ ll see the national bank near the war memorial . It ’ s a big building and you ’ ll see a big sign on the front of the building .
We can figure that out right now . How much do you earn annually ?
How many years have you held your current position ?
Is there any extra income that you receive other than salary ?
Have you ever figured out your credit score ?
Adding in your expenses , I calculate that you can spend three hundred thousand on a house .
Well , it has a lithium battery that lasts for 24 hours and it has a 160 second anti-skip mode for when you're playing sports .
Using MP3 mode , you can download about 10 hours of music from either your CD player , or your computer's hard disk onto one mini-disk .
You can choose from several play modes , or you can use the full-spectrum equalization , 3 D mode and Mega Bass features . We rec-ommend using it with the studio monitor headphones .
It's ultra-compact , it has a brushed , titanium metal body and a rubber shock-proof , weather-proof case with a belt clip .
Sure .
Any time is all right , except Sunday .
OK . I'll tell her .
Don't worry . No big deal . Just a common cold .
No . You can never count on the grown-ups when there is something .
Come on , sister . This is the seventh glass already .
Do we ? Where is it ?
Be careful . Now I have no one but you to depend on .
What's the new strike ?
Poor me !
Great . Are you a qualified teacher ?
What kind of teaching certificate do you have ?
How many years of experience do you have ?
When did you get your TEFL certificate ?
Why do you want to teach at our school ?
That ’ s great . Can you speak Chinese ?
Can you come in for an interview tomorrow at 10 ?
Great . See you then .
Don't worry about such problems . We can deal with them for you . Other questions ?
You are welcome .
I am glad that you have been happy with my performance .
Does this title come with an increase in salary ?
Can you give me the specifics ?
That sounds fair .
I can believe it , and I am very excited about it .
Of course I did . Didn ’ t you ?
I have total faith in Obama as our President .
Yeah . I have faith that he will help America turn over a new leaf .
I believe that change has already begun .
I no longer need to worry about what will happen with this country .
Yes , Jason , right ? Nice to meet you . Welcome to Taiwan .
You had a long flight , you must be tired .
Oh , sorry to hear that . But , don worry ! Taiwan has plenty of great things to eat . First , lets get you to the hotel .
My car is in the parking lot , lets go this way . Let me help you with your bags .
Hey doc . Well , I think I might need glasses . I ’ m getting headaches , and I really struggle to see things that are far away . But I have always had 20/20 vision .
Mmm .. . X , E , R , 3 , a question mark , and I can ’ t quite make out the other symbol but I think it ’ s the peace sign .
Yeah , I know , my vision is really blurry at times .
Thanks doc !
I don ’ t know where to get my ballot .
How can you help me ?
That ’ s great .
Here it is .
What do I do now ?
All right . Thanks for your help .
Yes , could you give me some ideas ?
Fine , it's the thing for me . I will take it .
Hello , Mr . Stern . This is Hao Bo from the International Travel Agency . I have made the plane reservations for you .
Okay . You'll be travelling on Northwest Airlines , flight number 222 .
It departs Guangzhou at 10:30 on the morning of July 10 .
You want to fly first class . Is that correct , Mr . Stern ?
Well , I have got you three first class tickets and I have reserved your seats . Your seat numbers are 8A , 8B and 8C .
Yes , they are . I have charged the tickets to your credit card . They are 630 dollars each , so It is 1890 dollars for all three .
One more thing . Could you give me the names of the people you'll be travelling with ?
All right . You're all set . Have a nice flight .
And that is ?
I'm afraid we can't agree to that . We concluded the business with you here in Houston , and the goods you ordered are manufactured in New York . We wish to point out that all orders accepted by us are shipped from New York or Seattle . Hong Kong is out of the question .
I see . You want to have your goods shipped from New York to Osaka via Hong Kong , where they can be transshipped . Is that the idea ?
Your idea may be a good one , but the trouble is that there are risks of pilferage or damage to the goods during transshipment at Hong Kong . How about shipping them from Seattle instead of network ? You may choose either one as port of shipment . It makes no difference to us . There are more sailings from Seattle than from New York .
We'll try our best . Anyway , we assure you that shipment will be made not later than the first half of April .
You mean for this afternoon ’ s meeting ?
That ’ s quite a while . Let ’ s make it the week after you get back , then .
No problem at all . To tell you the truth , I could use the extra time in my schedule to catch up on some paperwork .
Certainly . ( Take a table-cloth to her )
A table-cloth of this size and style is 15 Yuan .
If you take good care of it , it will last you quite a number of years .
With pleasure , chap . But before I start , I need to know what you want a bike for ?
Cycling during weekends ? Do you me riding on the mountainous countryside just the neighboring towns ?
Can't be greater . If you ride on bumpy , hilly roads , a mountain bike is what you need . But if you just ride comfortably along the city lanes , you might choose a road bike .
A road bike features skinny tires and a light-weight frame . Its riding position puts you bent over the handlebars . It's not particularly beefy in construction , and generally , it won't stand up well under heavy loads or on really rough surfaces . In contrast , mountain bikes have wide tires and a stout frame . You sit higher on them and don't have to hunched over .
Would mornings or afternoons be best for you ?
It is best if we can go during the week ; does that work for you ?
Would you like to meet at the real estate office , or should I pick you up at home ?
We could spend most of the day looking at houses to see all that we have to see .
I will fax you a schedule as soon as I contact the owners to confirm the times .
Please feel free to stay as long as you want . You know you ’ re always welcome here .
Is there anything else I can do for you before your leave ?
Don ’ t mention it . I ’ Ve really enjoyed your company .
Oh , yes . Step inside , will you ? I'll give you an idea of what business I want to take up with you . Take a seat . We can go into details later .
Our speciality back in South Africa is wholesale supplying of screws , bolts , nuts , pins , studs , and that kind of things .
For both . Now , do you make machines for producing such things ?
Yes , quite free until noon .
Have you ? That's splendid . Just let me get my things together . I won't keep you long .
The radio said it's OK on this road .
We have too many cars !
OK , do you want us to use starch ?
Yeah , sir . Your shirt will be ready by Thursday morning . Anything else ?
No problem , sir .
We'll remain open from 9 a . m . till 8 p . m .
Here's your laundry ticket , sir .
Yes , it is . Kelly ?
Do you have a cold ?
Oh , no ! What about your presentation today ?
I understand . What should I tell Mr . Morley ?
Alright . Have you been to see a doctor ?
Do you think you'll be able to come in tomorrow ? Or should I call off your appointments for tomorrow too ?
It's rainy weather today . Maybe it's better if you just stay inside.Make yourself some chicken soup and sleep .
That bad , huh ?
Well , I'll cancel your appointments for today . And I'll tell Mr . Morley .
Hope you feel better .
Why don't you have any more money ?
That was a bright idea .
You know what ? I don't have any change for you .
Why don't you just ask the bus driver for a transfer ?
You know ? Go ask for a transfer . They're free .
You're welcome .
Why ?
Yes , he's holding a bunch of books .
I am going to see a movie with a friend of mine . What about you ?
Would you like to see a movie with me and my friend ?
I don't know , but was there a certain movie you wanted to see ?
Well , would you like to go ?
All right . Another time then .
I ’ m terribly sorry . May I have your order again ? I'll get it right away .
I'm sorry . I must have made a mistake . I'll bring them for you at once .
Pardon me , Miss . But didn't you order chicken soup ?
I believe so . But if it really bothers you , I'll replace it for you .
Sorry . I'm afraid we can't . But you may order something else instead .
Okay , Miss .
I hope you enjoy your dinner .
I ’ m fine .
I would like to cancel a check .
I wrote the check out for too much .
I wrote it out for $ 150 .
It was supposed to be for $ 100 .
I really appreciate your help .
It's my pleasure . Hope you ’ ll visit Beijing more often .
OK . I hope you have a good trip . Thanks ever so much for your cooperation , Mr . Simpson . Give my best wishes to Mr . Green .
Goodbye and all the best .
Bye .
Okay . What time is the meeting tomorrow ?
I said please stop by the entrance of EVA Air at the Arrival Terminal .
Oh , no . That ’ s it . Nice to chat with you . Have a good day .
Sure , Liv , what can I do for you ?
You wanna take some time off , is that right ?
What dates are you planning on taking off ? I ’ ll need at least two months notice , so that I can plan for your absence .
Well , I guess so .
I'd like to buy some perform for my girlfriend .
she usually doesn't wear anything but a few drops of Chanel No . 5 . But I'd like to buy her a new Fragrance .
which one would you recommend ?
that smells great . I'll take one bottle , please .
it's ok . She normally just wears a little foundation and some loose powder , and I wouldn't know what shade to buy .
she doesn't usually wear lipstick . She thinks it makes her nose look too big .
no thank you . She has big enough eyes as it is .
no thanks . Western women usually try to make their skin darker , no lighter .
that will be all . You're been very helpful , thanks .
What kind of room do you have in mind ?
Hold on , please . I'm afraid we're fully booked.The only room available at the moment is a suite .
I'm nervous . I have to make a big presentation in the meeting .
I'll do my utmost if I am hired .
No , that thought doesn't cross my mind .
Yes please . I really am an absolute amateur when it comes to this stuff .
Forex registration ?
Do you think a private vehicle might be more to your liking ?
Even better than a private vehicle is a limo . How does that sound ?
A taxi it is . Where will you be headed ?
A taxi will be here in just a minute , sir .
The taxi will be ready when you are , sir .
No problem . How many are you thinking about ?
If you'll just fill out this form , please .
We can do that very easily .
Great . Your order will take only one week .
We can do that . It'll just cost you extra .
Well take your time . There are so many things to sell .
$ 7 .
Sure . It's very close actually.You go straight down this road . Then you turn left , at the next junction .
Bluemingdails is on the corner of that block . You see it as you turn left.Seriously , You can't miss it.It ' s enormous .
Yes , ma'am ?
Certainly . Just a moment . I'll be right back with one . Which do you prefer , one in English or in Chinese ?
All right , ma'am .
Who would you like to talk to ?
What is phone number ?
Your name , please .
hold on , please .
Her line is through now , please go ahead .
ten fifteen a . m .
Sorry.You have to buy your ticket at the next counter .
Yes . Hi , what's up ?
I'm afraid not . I'm sick . I have a fever but I'm cold , and I threw up earlier .
I would feel better if you came over and took care of me .
( after a while ... ) Walter ! Where are you ?
What took you so long ?
It's not so bad .
It's just that you have to be patient and try to relax .
Why not ? Oh well , I'm ready to eat . No need call the doctor . If we run to the restaurant , I can make it to the restroom and you can order .
To the restroom ? I have no choice .
Hello , I'd like to speak to Mike please .
Hello , I'm afraid Mike's unavailable right now . He's in a meeting . Can I take a message ?
Sorry , could you repeat that please ?
Let me read that back to you , 123 456 789 , Mary from Happy Travel . I'll ask him to get back you as soon as he can .
Anything else ?
Bye .
I really would rather just listen . Isn't there anyone else who wants to sing ?
I know , but ... Hey , Jim's here ! I've been waiting to hear him sing all night .
I'll put the song at the front of the list .
Mmmm ... , it's hard to say . I like golf a lot-but I guess like skating better .
No , I'm strictly a spectator . I just like watching skating . It's so beautiful .
No , sir .
I'm sorry . I did not know that .
Can't you give me a warning ?
How much will the fine be ?
I have to go to court over a brake light ?
Can I have the ticket , please ?
I'm here for the backpack you announced several minutes ago .
Sure . Here you are .
Of course , it's a soft leather one , you know , not a sports one that looks childish .
No , it's straps closed , and it has a buckle in the front .
Oh , yeah , the brand name .
Oh , it's a Polo . It has the logo on the back and at the bottom in the left-hand corner .
Well , all the gifts for my family , you know , two pairs of sneakers for my children and a bottle of perfume for my wife .
Thank you so much . You guys are really responsible .
I'm here for the backpack you announced several minutes ago .
Sure . Here you are .
Of course , it's a soft leather one , you know , not a sports one that looks childish .
No , it's straps closed , and it has a buckle in the front .
Oh , yeah , the brand name .
Oh , it's a Polo . It has the logo on the back and at the bottom in the left-hand corner .
Well , all the gifts for my family , you know , two pairs of sneakers for my children and a bottle of perfume for my wife .
Thank you so much . You guys are really responsible .
I really enjoy it , especially when it ends up tasting good !
I usually make a few salads for lunch throughout the week and I make dinner about 6 times a week .
I do . If you cook at home , you can eat healthy food cheaply .
I almost always make either a beef roast or a chicken roast with asparagus , parsnips , peas , carrots and potatoes on Sundays .
aside from the Sunday roast , we usually eat dangers and mash , toad-in-the-hole , or fish'n chips once a week .
my family loves spicy food . We often eat Chinese , Thai , Indian , or Mexican food when we're in the mood for spice .
I absolutely love making mousaka , which is a Greek dish with eggplant . But it takes a lot of time , so I don ’ t often make it .
Yes , it does .
I think it leaves at two-thirty .
Where are you going to find one ?
Do you want to know where I bought mine ?
I got it from IKEA .
It cost me a couple thousand for the whole set .
The furniture is built extremely well .
Well , trust me . The quality is fantastic .
As your realtor , I am here to take care of this process . How much were you planning on offering ?
We want to leave ourselves some bargaining room . Let ’ s offer three hundred and twenty thousand dollars .
The market is fairly down right now , so the offer is a realistic one .
The owners usually respond to an offer within a few days .
You are already pre-qualified for your loan , so you are in good shape .
Well , I like reading , walking , swimming , hiking and playing basketball
Yes . These hobbies have indeed enriched my life
I prefer to read novels with a cup of tea .
Detective books .
To some extent , I regard books as my good companion .
That's for sure .
Well , as a rule , the contract will become void automatically , if both sides do not agree to renew it when time comes .
Oh , I am sorry . I misunderstood . Well , in that case , the contract can be canceled with a 2 month's notice . What do you say ?
Hello , Miao Ping . I'd like to open a Foreign Currency Account today .
I need to open a US dollar account , trade with America is going up each year .
Good , thanks . I look forward to hearing from you .
Yes , I'm missing a sweater . I sent it in the laundry yesterday , but my laundry was returned without it .
505 .
That's all right
But yesterday you said you would rent it .
Why is that ?
Maybe you ’ re right .
I need the police .
My neighbor hit my brother on the head . He ’ s bleeding .
176 Wooden Street East .
I will , but please hurry .
Sure . What is it ?
All right . What do you want me to get ?
Okay . How much ?
How many ?
Anything else ?
Okay . How much do you want me to get ? A gallon ?
Is that all ?
Yes . That's small bag of sugar , four oranges , and a half gallon of milk .
I think so .
It ’ s about an hour ’ s drive .
I can ’ t promise , but I ’ ll do my best .
Yes , thank you very much .
Oh , is it ?
Yes , certainly , you have the receipt ?
Then would you kindly come to our shop with the receipt by 10 o'clock , we'll replace it .
Yes . This way please .
I recommend our New English Pizza .
Okay . Wait a minute please .
Well , in the feudal society , emperors had supreme power , so his residence was certainly a forbidden palace .
Yes . The Forbidden City is divided into two parts . The southern section , or the Outer Court was for the emperor to exercise his power over the nation , and the northern part , or the Inner Court was for his royal family .
Even the whole country belonged to him . That's why he is called the emperor .
Yeah , the buildings and designs of the Forbidden City are the peak of Chinese traditional architecture , not only scientific but also suitable for living .
Some of them are mascots and some are symbols of power .
Oh , no . In fact , yellow is the symbol of the royal family .
Exactly . Here is the Nine-dragon Screen .
Sure , this will be a really good picture .
I want a pair of locus .
I need size 41 .
Okay . I'll just be a minute .
